Across the

country, families are living paycheck to paycheck while prices for

everyday goods and essential services, from eggs to gasoline to

medicine and childcare, continue to rise.
This should not be a partisan issue.
Republicans like former Senator

Mitt Romney, Senator Josh Hawley, and even Vice President J.D. Vance

have supported the Child Tax Credit because the evidence that it helped

families is so overwhelming.
But Republican leadership in Congress has been clear: they want to

give the corporate lobbyists everything they ask for and then some.
They are gutting Medicaid, food stamps, and anything else that stands

in the way of more money for billionaires.
This bill is not responding to the cost-of-living crisis.
This bill

is pouring gasoline on the fire.
My promise to American families is

that I will fight as hard as I can, with every ally I can find, to stop

this corrupt giveaway and focus on bringing down the cost of living

through a proven policy, the expanded Child Tax Credit--not the meager

substitute in this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COMMANDER LEONARD HUYCK

HON.
TOM BARRETT

Mr. BARRETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true legend in the

Michigan veteran community.
It is with deep respect and heartfelt

appreciation that I get to recognize Commander Leonard Huyck for

extraordinary service and steadfast leadership of VFW Post 8964.
Since being elected Post Commander in May of 1983, Leonard has

dedicated forty-two years of his life to leading his fellow veterans,

honoring their service, and strengthening the bonds of community and

patriotism that define the VFW.
His leadership has not only guided Post

8964 through decades of change, but ensured it remained a place of

honor, support, and purpose for all who served.
Forty-two years is more than a milestone, it's a testament to

Leonard's character, commitment, and love of country.
He has given his

time, energy, and heart to this mission, building a legacy that will

outlast all of us in the process.
On behalf of a grateful Nation, I thank Commander Huyck for his

service.
He has made a difference in the lives of many, and our

community is a better place because of him.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and the people of our

mid-Michigan community in recognizing Commander Huyck for his decades

of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DOROTHY DRAPER & COMPANY

HON.
CAROL D. MILLER

Mrs. MILLER of West Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Dorothy Draper & Company on 100 years of business.
Founded in 1925, it is the oldest continually operating interior

design firm in America.
Its founder and namesake, Dorothy Draper, was a

trailblazer, starting her company at a time when most women did not

seek employment.
Her vision, love of color, chintz, and tendency

towards the dramatic solidified her iconic style dubbed ``the Draper

Touch''.
Her protege, Carleton Varney, championed her work throughout

his career, and the company flourished under his leadership, the

creative genius and driving force who led the firm for 60 years.
Mr.

Varney went on to decorate the West Virginia Governor's mansion in the

1980s, further solidifying ``the Draper Touch'' into the state's

culture and history.
The Dorothy Draper Company's work is especially important to my home

state of West Virginia, where their most famous design is showcased,

The Greenbrier Resort, affectionately called ``America's Resort.''
Located in White Sulphur Springs, the Greenbrier's legacy took a unique

turn when it was converted into a military hospital to meet the demands

brought about during WWII.
It was then returned to a hotel and

transformed into the unique and bold getaway we recognize today.
The Greenbrier has hosted presidents, royalty, celebrities, and

countless West Virginians and Americans since 1778.