Title: CONGRATULATING THE IDLEWILD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CHESS TEAM CHAMPIONS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
91

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE IDLEWILD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CHESS TEAM CHAMPIONS

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Idlewild

Elementary School Chess Team champions, and their coach Mark Beatty, on

their impressive run of successes this year.
The 15-member team won the

2025 Henry D. Sabine State Scholastic Team Chess Tournament in both the

kindergarten through third grade and kindergarten through fifth grade

categories.
The wins qualified them for a trip to Orlando, Florida,

earlier this month to compete in the National Elementary Championship

hosted by the U.S. Chess Federation.
Beatty founded the Idlewild team

in 2013.
He also coached chess teams at Grahamwood Elementary, White

Station Middle School and White Station High School where his teams

have won 45 state team titles.
Idlewood, my elementary school alma

mater and the only school in Tennessee to receive the Top Magnet School

of Excellence designation, also sent teams to the national chess

tournaments in 2024 and 2023.
This proud tradition puts Idlewild on a

short list of the Nation's best elementary schools and its students

deserve our encouragement and respect.
They are certainly living up to

their motto: ``Children First, Excellence Always!''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARRELL S. TREMBLAY

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of

Darrell S. Tremblay.
Darrell S. Tremblay first joined the fire service in February of 1987

as a volunteer fireman in Stafford County, Virginia.
From 1991 to 1995,

he spent time as a professional fireman in the Naval District

Washington Department of Fire and Emergency Services.
Darrell graduated

from Washington D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department

Recruit Class 315 on August 8, 1995.
His first appointment was to

Engine 30 before his appointment to Truck 17.
On March 30, 2005,

Darrell Tremblay was appointed to the Marine Division within Special

Operations.
During his time on the Fire Boat, Darrell was promoted to Marine

Operator, Assistant Marine Pilot, and then to Marine Pilot, also

earning his 200-ton masters license as a Merchant Mariner from the

United States Coast Guard.
Serving the citizens and visitors of the

district from the water was Darrell's passion.
His time spent working

on the Fire Boat included maintaining the department's fireboat fleet,

training with municipalities around the region to hone his skill set,

and performing countless rescue operations.
In the 20 years served on the Fire Boat, Darrell has earned

commendations to include a Class II Unit Citation for Valor, Armed

Forces Expeditionary Ribbon, the Coast Guard Meritorious Team

Commendation, and many others.
After 30 years in the DCFD, and a

commendable service record, Darrell Tremblay is retiring on July 12,

2025.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in recognizing Darrell S.

Tremblay for his service to the Nation.
I am proud to join him in

celebrating this remarkable achievement.
May the Lord bless him as he

embarks on his next challenge, and I look forward to seeing his

continued success in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HATTIE MAE LOVE PETTWAY INGE

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life of Hattie Mae Love Pettway Inge and her service to our community.
Mrs. Inge peacefully passed away in her sleep on April 28, 2025, at the

age of 90.
Hattie Inge was born on June 22, 1934, in Vredenburgh, Alabama, and

she was raised in Mobile, Alabama.
Following her graduation from

Alabama State University, she pursued a career in nursing, earning her

diploma from Dixie Hospital's Nursing School in Hampton, Virginia in

1962.
In 1952, Hattie married Roy Inge, and together they raised six

children.