Hattie Inge was born on June 22, 1934, in Vredenburgh, Alabama, and

she was raised in Mobile, Alabama.
Following her graduation from

Alabama State University, she pursued a career in nursing, earning her

diploma from Dixie Hospital's Nursing School in Hampton, Virginia in

1962.
In 1952, Hattie married Roy Inge, and together they raised six

children.
Their family embarked on numerous journeys as a military

family--their destinations included Europe, Asia, and nearly every U.S.

state.
While stationed in Tachikawa, Japan, Mrs. Inge furthered her

education with a degree from the University of Maryland.
Later in her

life, she earned additional degrees and certifications from

institutions including Riverside City College, Anthony Real Estate

School, and the Redlands Regional Occupational Program in Commercial

Floristry.
In 1972, Mrs. Inge settled in Rialto, California, where she quickly

immersed herself in civic engagement.
As a member of both The Rialto

Baptist Church and later, the Loveland Church in Fontana, Mrs. Inge co-

founded the Rialto Black History Committee in 1985.
This organization

became a 501(c)(3) nonprofit in 1986, with its mission set to promote

cultural awareness and celebrate African American contributions in

Rialto.
Under Hattie's leadership, the Rialto Black History Committee

organized the Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Luncheon for 35

consecutive years.
This event provided seven to ten scholarships each

year to students in the community, advancing educational opportunities

and honoring Dr. King's legacy of service and justice.
For over 30 years, Mrs. Inge was an active member of Eta Phi Beta

Sorority, Incorporated.
She held various leadership roles, including

Chapter President, Soror of the Year, Assistant Western Regional

Director, and Western Regional Director.
Mrs. Inge left a lasting impact throughout our state through her

involvement in numerous organizations.
She was a member of the Military

Wives Club, Protestant Women of the Chapel, Girl Scouts of the USA, Boy

Scouts of America, and Tachikawa Air Base Youth Program.
Hattie also

served as a Tour Chairperson and Family Services Volunteer.
Even in retirement, she continued her mission of helping others.
Through the Retired Senior Volunteer Program, she taught classes

on fall prevention and scam awareness, caring for other vulnerable

members of her community.
For her outstanding accomplishments and remarkable life, it is my

honor to recognize Mrs. Hattie May Love Pettway Inge.
Her service and

commitment to California and our Nation are worthy of the highest

commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIVES OF SARAH MILGRIM AND YARON LISCHINSKY

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance

of Sarah Milgrim and Yaron Lischinsky, two young Israeli Embassy

employees who were tragically murdered outside the Capital Jewish

Museum in Washington, D.C., in a heinous act of antisemitic violence.
Shot at close range by an assailant from Chicago, they were targeted

simply for who they were.
As they lay on the ground, the assailant

fired again, continuing to pursue Ms. Milgrim as she tried to crawl

away.
He then entered the museum, posed as a witness, and

ultimately confessed, stating he carried out the attack ``for Gaza''

and ``for Palestine.''
Sarah was a peace-seeking public servant who dedicated her career to

fostering dialogue between Israelis and Palestinians.
Yaron was a warm,

idealistic young man preparing for a life in diplomacy.
The two had

planned to become engaged on an upcoming trip to Israel.
Their futures

were full of promise.
Their loss is immeasurable.
This attack is not an isolated act; it reflects a broader trend of

increasing antisemitism at home and abroad.
According to the Anti-

Defamation League, antisemitic incidents have risen by 140 percent in

the months following the October 7, 2023, terrorist attacks.
Antisemitism has no place in this country.
May the memories of Sarah and Yaron be a blessing.
Let us honor them

not only with remembrance, but with resolve to confront hatred wherever

it appears.