The Area Agency on Aging of Broward County is part of a vital

statewide network of 11 Area Agencies on Aging across Florida.
These

agencies are tasked with coordinating a wide array of programs and

services designed to help seniors live safely, independently, and with

dignity in their own homes and communities.
From meal delivery and

transportation assistance to caregiver support and health education,

the Agency plays a pivotal role in addressing the needs of our aging

population.
Each year, the Broward Senior Hall of Fame honors exemplary residents

aged 60 and older who have selflessly dedicated five or more years to

volunteer service in Broward County.
These individuals embody the

spirit of civic engagement and community service that strengthens the

social fabric of our region.
This year's distinguished honorees are Linda Hill Anderson, Sandra

Atkins, Timothy G. Curtin, Barbara Effman, Helena Friedman, Susan

Gilbert, Juanita Gray, Mona Malbranche, Melinda Montgomery, Dr. Irving

Rosenbaum, Zeff Ross, Reverend Jesse Scipio, and Doris Tarlow.
Their

contributions have made a meaningful difference--from mentoring youth

and supporting local nonprofits to improving access to healthcare and

advocating for vulnerable residents.
Their efforts are not only

commendable but inspiring.
We would also like to offer a special thank you to Charlotte Mather-

Taylor, CEO of the Area Agency on Aging of Broward County, whose

visionary leadership and deep commitment to service have elevated the

Agency's impact throughout our community.
Her dedication ensures that

our seniors continue to receive the respect, support, and recognition

they deserve.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Florida's 20th, 23rd and 25th Congressional

Districts, we ask our colleagues to join us in congratulating these

outstanding individuals for their extraordinary volunteerism and in

recognizing the indispensable role the Area Agency on Aging of Broward

County plays in honoring and serving our older citizens.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GREATER CLEVELAND ALUMNAE CHAPTER OF DELTA SIGMA THETA

SORORITY, INCORPORATED ON THEIR CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY

HON.
SHONTEL M. BROWN

Ms. BROWN.
Mr. Speaker, include in the Record the following

proclamation:

Whereas, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated was

founded in 1913 on the campus of Howard University by 22

visionary collegiate women committed to public service with a

primary focus on the Black community;

Whereas, for over 100 years, Delta Sigma Theta has

championed the causes of economic development, educational

advancement, international awareness, physical and mental

health, and political involvement, uplifting communities and

inspiring generations of women leaders;

Whereas, the Greater Cleveland Alumnae Chapter has served

as a beacon of sisterhood, scholarship, and service in

Northeast Ohio, exemplifying the sorority's mission through

impactful programming, civic engagement, and unwavering

advocacy for social justice and equity;

Whereas, in 2025, the Greater Cleveland Alumnae Chapter

proudly celebrates its Centennial Anniversary, marking 100

years of transformative leadership, dedicated service, and

lasting contributions to the region and beyond;

Whereas, the Centennial Celebration, joined by

International President Elsie Cooke-Holmes and Mistress of

Ceremonies, actress, comedian, NAACP Image Award Winner, your

Soror, Kym Whitley, highlights the legacy and continued

excellence of this dynamic organization;

Now, therefore be it resolved, that I, Congresswoman

Shontel M. Brown, representing the 11th Congressional

District of Ohio, do hereby recognize and commend the Greater

Cleveland Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,

Incorporated for a century of distinguished service and

meaningful impact, and extend heartfelt congratulations on

this historic milestone.
Be it further resolved, this resolution honors the enduring

legacy of the Greater Cleveland Alumnae Chapter and its

commitment to uplifting, empowering, and transforming our

communities for the better.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF MAJOR GENERAL JOHN C. HARRIS, JR.
UPON HIS

RETIREMENT AS ADJUTANT GENERAL OF THE OHIO NATIONAL GUARD

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.