Located in White Sulphur Springs, the Greenbrier's legacy took a unique

turn when it was converted into a military hospital to meet the demands

brought about during WWII.
It was then returned to a hotel and

transformed into the unique and bold getaway we recognize today.
The Greenbrier has hosted presidents, royalty, celebrities, and

countless West Virginians and Americans since 1778.
Dorothy's use of

color and pattern was so distinctly `her' that her legacy lives on in

her company and through those that she inspired.
I am so delighted and proud to recognize co-owner Sebastian Varney

and Design Director Rudy Saunders, and their company.
I ask my

colleagues to join me in congratulating them on a century of success

and wish them many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EDWARD L. DONNELLAN, JR.
AS THE WINNER OF THE 2025 MARY K.

BONSTELL TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of

Ed Donnella, originally from Springfield, Massachusetts, who recently

was honored by the Organization of American Historians (OAH) as the

winner of the prestigious 2025 Mary K. Bonstell Teacher of the Year

Award.
He currently is a U.S. History and Government teacher at Gonzaga

High School in Washington, D.C.

The award was given at the OAH annual meeting last April in Chicago

and was presented by Pulitzer Prize winning author and historian David

Blight.
The citation reads in part: ``Mr. Donnellan has worked

diligently to expand the teaching of history regarding slavery and

social justice issues.
He created pioneering student-led research in

the role of Gonzaga College High School's history with slavery, leading

seminars and presentations over this material at both local and

national venues.''
Ed Donnellan grew up in Springfield, Massachusetts and graduated from

the University of Massachusetts and Springfield College where he

studied history.
He has been teaching high school for thirty-nine

years.
Teaching the history of slavery took on greater meaning when Ed

led a group of Gonzaga students on a three-year journey to research

Gonzaga's historical ties with slavery.
Working at the Georgetown

University archives, the students read 19th century financial records

that showed the school was built with profits from Jesuit run slave

plantation in Southern Maryland.
The students also identified five

enslaved persons who worked at the school.
Reckoning with this history

has been challenging and continues to this day.
As a teacher for over forty years, including U.S. History, I

understand the complex issue of teaching ``difficult histories.''
It is

vital that students get a full picture of the American experience;

history that we are proud of and history that is hard to hear.
Learning

the challenging parts of our history ensures that future generations

can learn from mistakes of the previous.
That is why it is important to

recognize educators like Ed Donnellan and encourage others to follow in

his footsteps.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Ed Donnellan and wish him

continued success in educating students on America's past.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FIRST LADY ELIZABETH MOBLEY OF MT.
OLIVE MISSIONARY BAPTIST

CHURCH

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize First

Lady Elizabeth Mobley of Mt. Olive Missionary Baptist Church.
A woman

whose spiritual influence can be seen and heard throughout Western New

York through children of all ages and parishioners beyond the walls of

church on Sunday.
First Lady Mobley studied at SUNY Fredonia, earning a Master's Degree

in Speech Pathology.
From there, she began her career in the Buffalo

Public School system, identifying the proper communication skills of

students by working with educators and families to ensure students'

success.