A woman

whose spiritual influence can be seen and heard throughout Western New

York through children of all ages and parishioners beyond the walls of

church on Sunday.
First Lady Mobley studied at SUNY Fredonia, earning a Master's Degree

in Speech Pathology.
From there, she began her career in the Buffalo

Public School system, identifying the proper communication skills of

students by working with educators and families to ensure students'

success.
First Lady Mobley is committed to prioritizing the needs of her

students and parishioners, serving as the leader of the Senior and

Youth Ministry at Mt. Olive Missionary Baptist Church, while remaining

an active participant in the choir and Women's Ministry.
Bound by love

and strengthened by prayer, she credits the work that she does to the

unwavering support of her family, Pastor Keith

Mobley, and their four blessed children: Tyson, Talia, Tevin, and Troy.
Today, as we recognize the incredible service of First Lady Elizabeth

Mobley, let us not only acknowledge her dedicated career as a Speech

Pathologist and her steadfast commitment to children in need, but her

dedication to ministry at Mt. Olive Missionary Baptist Church,

providing a safe space for all to be heard.
First Lady Mobley service

is a blessing, and we look forward to many more years of her inspired

leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PATRICIA ANN MILLER FOR HER SERVICE AS SURVIVING SPOUSE

LIAISON

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Patricia Ann

Miller's outstanding service as a Surviving Spouse Liaison at the

Military Officers Association of America.
Pat has approached her work

as a liaison with immense passion and commitment, exemplifying the

virtues of service to her community and Nation.
Pat has continuously shown the highest standard of care to veterans'

surviving spouses, advocating for legislation that supports them,

helping them access healthcare benefits, and reaching out on a routine

basis to encourage them in their daily life.
Pat has represented the

MOAA on numerous occasions and spearheaded events to honor surviving

spouses.
In one case, Pat established a memorial fund that donated to

family charities identified by each surviving spouse in memory of their

loved one.
Pat showcases exceptional personal care for the people she helps,

immediately contacting newly surviving spouses to support them in their

time of grief and inform them of available resources.
Every holiday,

Pat contacts each surviving spouse personally with well-wishes and

comfort.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I thank Pat for her thoughtfulness and dedication to the

surviving spouses she has supported.
Granite staters are grateful that

the spouses of our brave veterans may receive attentive care from

professionals like Pat, and I wish her only the best in the years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 HONOREES OF THE BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA SENIOR

HALL OF FAME

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I along with my colleagues,

Representative Wasserman Schultz and Representative Cherfilus-McCormick

rise today to highlight and celebrate the 2025 Honorees of the Senior

Hall of Fame, an esteemed tradition made possible through the tireless

efforts of the Area Agency on Aging of Broward County, a cornerstone

organization dedicated to enhancing the quality of life for older

adults in our community.
The Area Agency on Aging of Broward County is part of a vital

statewide network of 11 Area Agencies on Aging across Florida.
These

agencies are tasked with coordinating a wide array of programs and

services designed to help seniors live safely, independently, and with

dignity in their own homes and communities.
From meal delivery and

transportation assistance to caregiver support and health education,

the Agency plays a pivotal role in addressing the needs of our aging

population.