Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Hayden Marie Marchant's graduation from The Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas.
Hayden entered The Hockaday School as a pre-K student and attended the school for her entire academic career.
Her graduation, years in the making, as she highly distinguished herself both inside and outside of the classroom and earned the respect of her peers and teachers.
Among her many accomplishments at Hockaday was to serve as the editor exceptional annual challenge, trying to capture the year for the over 1,000 students coming not just from the Dallas/Ft. Worth metroplex, but from across Texas and the globe.
This was in addition to her many athletic talents, being a member of the high school crew, soccer, and track & field teams.
Her extracurricular experiences were not limited to journalism and sports, but also included a significant focus on religious life and values.
Hayden frequently led Bible study at Hockaday and served as an active member.
She is also a member of First Baptist Church and is a major volunteer at the Fields Youth Group.
Each Sunday morning, she manages the sound and lights for the youth service, mainly out of view, but her service is essential.
She has demonstrated servant leadership at both ends of the spectrum, being out in front and behind the scenes.
This balanced leadership approach will serve her well in the future and will benefit many as she continues to grow.
Hayden is the daughter of proud parents Matthew and Lindsay Marchant years ago.
Her supportive grandparents, Rodney and Sherry Hill of Frisco, and Kenny and Donna Marchant of Coppell, join in celebrating her graduation.
The Hockaday School prides itself on their four cornerstones of character, courtesy, scholarship, and athletics.
For fourteen years, Hayden has lived up to and excelled at these school values, and they will guide her well as she starts college.
Hayden Marchant will attend Baylor University in Waco, Texas in the fall of 2024.
Hayden was admitted to the Hankamer Scholars and Business Fellows programs, as well as the Honors College.
Hayden has chosen to be a Business Fellow which is a highly selective program for highability students.
Through the Business Fellows program, Hayden will be a student in both entrepreneurship and religion.
She has already taken the entrepreneurship mantra very seriously at a young age, as she is the creator and head designer of the Rocking M Beads jewelry business.
I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring Hayden Marchant on her high school graduation and all of her classmates on this important milestone.
Our best wishes for her continued success as she starts her studies at Baylor University this fall, sic'em Bears.