1993 he was selected for the 1992 delegation to the UN Earth Summit where he led negotiations on five chapters of Agenda 21 on behalf of the United States.
He continued his high-stakes environmental work and advocacy until his retirement in 2004.
Luckily for Eastern Connecticut, Zell's retirement was only in name.
He continued his tireless work in Groton town committees including the Town Council's Climate Change and Sustainable Community Task Force, the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Committee, and the Utility Drinking Water Quality Management Plan.
Zell was tirelessly active in municipal efforts to prepare for climate change, serving the community with groups such as the Groton Energy Efficiency and Conservation Commission and the advisory board for the Groton Utility Drinking Water Quality Management.
One of Zell's most ambitious local efforts focused on the expansion of the area's commuter rail service, Shoreline East.
His vision included extending the existing rail line from New London to Westerly, Rhode Island, making a route from New London to Norwich, and creating new stations in Groton and Stonington.
He worked tirelessly to bring together stakeholders from across the region, creating a coalition of advocates with environmentalism and equity at the heart of its mission.
Zell was at the forefront of this burgeoning expansion effort, leveraging his decades of experience in government and conservation to successfully push for legislation that called for an Eastern Connecticut Rail and Transit Feasibility Study, which was finalized and published in later 2023.
This study will be instrumental in the further development of widely available and accessible rail in southeastern Connecticut, for which we have Zell to thank.
I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in honoring Zell Steever's service and spirit.
His loss is felt deeply across the state and Nation.
He is survived by his wife, Elizabeth, two sons, John and Scott, two stepsons, Jonathan and Gabriel, six grandchildren, and his brother Sanford.
His resolute mission to protect the planet we call home and his devoted service to his communities will serve as a lasting legacy in the hearts and minds of Connecticut's future environmentalists and conservationists as they continue the work he dedicated his life to.