It is working women who will pay the price for Labour’s Budget of broken promises, with the increase to employers’ national insurance contributions making working people worse off and affecting childcare settings.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has said that single-parent families—80% of them are headed by women—will, on average, be £1,000 worse off by October 2029.
Has the Minister assessed what additional negative impact there will be on the labour market of the hidden scrapping of the child benefit changes for single-parent households?
This has been described by Martin Lewis as an “unfair” penalty to single-parent households.
We are committed to transforming the lives of women across our country, and that applies to single parents, too.
I am leading the child poverty taskforce with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
Unlike the last Government, we are committed to driving down the number of children growing up in poverty.
The last Government left a shocking record of rising levels of child poverty, and this Government will turn it around.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I draw the House’s attention to Islamophobia Awareness Month.
No one in our country should be targeted because of their faith or race, and British Muslims are a crucial part of Britain’s history and society.
More widely, the Office for Equality and Opportunity is already making great strides.
The new Employment Rights Bill will legislate for a stronger duty to prevent sexual harassment, and action plans will cover the gender pay gap and menopause issues.
We will open a consultation on extending pay gap reporting and equal pay rights to ethnic minorities and disabled people.
The disability charity Sense estimates that 200,000 disabled children across the UK are struggling to get the right school support, because of funding issues and a need to employ more multisensory impairment teachers to ensure deafblind children can access education.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure disabled children are represented in the forthcoming children’s wellbeing Bill?
My hon.
Friend champions the rights of disabled children.
He is right to do so because when it comes to support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, the system we have at the moment just is not working, as shown all too clearly by the recent National Audit Office report.
I am determined to listen to parents, experts, charities and others to ensure we reform the system to provide more timely intervention and support for children and families, and ensure all children in our country are able to thrive.