Yes.
The last Government lost control of our borders.
In the first six months of this year, small boat arrivals were up by 18% on the same period last year.
They spent £700 million returning, what, four volunteers to Rwanda?
Since coming into office, we have returned 9,400 people with no right to be here.
They talked about getting the flights off; we have got the flights off, including the single biggest deportation flight.
That is why we are investing another £75 million in smashing the gangs.
We are absolutely determined to have a serious response to a serious question, not a gimmick that achieves absolutely nothing.
I am sure that ensuring that every child has access to a great education is a priority for all across the House, and I welcomed the announcement on extra funding for children with special educational needs and disabilities in the Budget.
In the Chancellor’s speech, she announced a £2.3 billion increase in core spending and £1 billion for SEN.
However, the Budget document states that those sums are both from the same pot, in which case that spending was announced twice.
Which is correct?
The Chancellor made this absolutely clear in the Budget.
We are putting that huge investment into special educational needs, an issue of concern across the House, because I think all Members recognise the appalling record of the last Government.
The appalling state of SEN has been raised by those on the hon.
Gentleman’s own Benches.
I am proud of the money that the Government are putting in where the last Government failed.
Not a week goes by when my office is not contacted by young people and their families who are being let down by the shocking state of SEN provision locally.
In my constituency, I am trying to work across party lines to push both Central Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire councils to do more.
I welcome the fantastic news in the Budget about additional  funding, and the subsequent announcements about increased support for mainstream settings, but we will need to do more.
Can the Prime Minister assure my constituents that we will not shy away from the whole-system reform needed to finally ensure that every young person has the support that they need to thrive in school?
We will not shy away from that challenge, because it is far too important for the children, families and communities involved.
We will therefore not only put the necessary money in, but look at the reform that is needed alongside that investment, and we will finally fix the problem—another of the problems that we have inherited from the lot opposite.
Final question: Sir Alec Shelbrooke.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
On  29 November , the House will be asked to consider the Second Reading of one of the most consequential pieces of legislation about the country’s make-up.
I am genuinely approaching it with  an open mind, but have many concerns.
One is the short space of time for debate on that day.
Will the Government commit, before  29 November , to two days—16 hours—of protected Government time for the Bill on the Floor of the House, so that we can examine and debate the Bill on Report, which is when much of what we are concerned about can be brought up?
Otherwise, people like me may decline it a Second Reading, through fear that we may not be able to debate the issues in full.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for raising this issue, which is obviously important, and it is an important vote.
I know that there are strongly held views on both sides of the debate across the House.
That is why there will be a free vote.
Every Member needs to decide for themselves how they will vote.
I do think that there is sufficient time allocated to it, but it is an important issue.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
[Interruption.]
Points of order come after urgent questions and statements.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos islands to Mauritius.