The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— If she will make an assessment of the effectiveness of primary prevention measures in schools in tackling violence against women and girls.
Education has a role to play in the prevention of violence against women and girls, and it is essential to the Government’s safer streets mission.
We are reviewing the relationship, sex and health education guidance to ensure that it enables schools to tackle harmful behaviour, because we are determined to ensure that misogyny is stamped out and not allowed to proliferate in schools.
We know that sexual violence is a critical problem in our schools.
In 2021, in response to Ofsted’s rapid review, 92% of girls and 74% of boys said that sexist names were used “sometimes” or “a lot”.
Harassment of this kind has become commonplace in educational settings, and harmful sexual practices are becoming a risk.
Will the Minister meet me, and White Ribbon UK, to discuss how primary prevention measures can be introduced into school curriculums to tackle violence against women and girls?
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that issue further.
She brings real expertise from her background in education, and it is essential that we do more to tackle the behaviour that she has identified.
I welcome the work of White Ribbon, and I hope other Members will be able to support that work later this month.
When it comes to young boys and young girls in schools, and when it comes to bullying and, sometimes, things that happen at home, the relationship between the teacher or classroom assistant and the pupil is very important, making it possible to identify problems that may arise at home and then roll over into school.
Can the Minister give us some idea of what is being done to improve that relationship, so that children who fall by the wayside can be saved?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised an important issue.
It is crucial for teachers and school staff to have what they need in order to tackle harmful behaviour and language in schools.
Sadly, sometimes the very staff he talks about are on the receiving end of such attitudes and behaviour, which is completely unacceptable.
As Education Secretary, I will do all I can to ensure that school staff and teachers in England have the support they need in tackling behaviour of this kind.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle violence against women and girls.
This Government are committed to using all the levers at our disposal to deliver our mission to halve violence against women and girls.
We have already announced our intention to embed specialist domestic abuse advisers in 999 control rooms, launched pilots for the new domestic abuse protection orders, and implemented a duty on employers to anticipate occasions when sexual harassment may occur and take responsible steps to prevent it.
I am very pleased to hear that from the Minister.
I am proud that in Stevenage, independent domestic violence advocates and independent sexual violence advocates working for Survivors Against Domestic Abuse—also known as SADA—do brilliant but challenging work supporting those who are at risk and suffering as a result of domestic or sexual abuse throughout Hertfordshire.
There is no doubt that IDVAs and ISVAs are a key part of domestic abuse provision across the country, so will the Minister assure me that the Government will continue to support them in the vital work that they do?
Having done that work myself, I am more than happy to champion and praise the work of IDVAs and ISVAs.
As my hon.
Friend might imagine, we will use every tool available to us, including those vital roles, to target perpetrators and address the root causes of abuse and violence.
When I spoke to the chief constable of Norfolk constabulary recently, he told me that if a suspect were arrested and charged today with a serious sexual offence such as rape, the Crown court trial could commence in the spring of 2026, which is more than a year away.
That is totally unacceptable.
What can the Minister do to reassure women in Norfolk who are waiting for their cases to be heard?
It is indeed totally unacceptable, and it is, I am afraid, a legacy of a totally failed justice system.
We know that owing to the complexity of the system, rape victims are often left to wait disproportionately longer than others who are already waiting too long.
In our manifesto we committed ourselves to fast-tracking rape cases.
We are carefully considering the best way to do that, along with colleagues at the Ministry of Justice who lead on this work, and we will announce our plans in due course.
I recently joined a Reclaim the Night march in Greenhead park in my constituency.
The first of these marches took place in Leeds in the 1970s, and they are still important, because a woman is killed every three days in the UK.
What actions are we taking to prioritise reducing the level of violence against women and girls, and also to create safer environments at night?