Pupils in my constituency are benefiting from pioneering workshops that are designed to increase awareness of sexual violence and misogyny through a project called “Don’t Steal My Future”.
Does the Minister agree that raising awareness of sexual violence in an age-appropriate way is vital to keeping young people safe?
If so, will she come with me to meet the team at the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre North Wales?
The simple answer is yes, I do agree.
As somebody who has written and delivered such programmes in schools, I know that brilliant work is going on across the country in local authorities, multi-academy trusts and more widely, with voluntary sector organisations doing a lot of the work.
I would be glad to explore with officials the best way to learn from those who work with children and young people, because we have to work out what will work in our schools and then make sure that we put it out everywhere.
In the last Parliament, we Back Benchers tried and failed several times to make misogyny a hate crime.
Legislation can be a powerful game changer.
Is it not time we made misogyny a hate crime?
The Government are absolutely committed to tackling misogyny, both before it starts and when it exists.
Hate crime reviews are being undertaken, and I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
I have met her many times to discuss this subject.
Women fleeing domestic violence are vulnerable and in desperate need of support and help, but often local authorities, which are supposed to help, do not enable women to get a  place to live or receive their benefits.
In the last Parliament, we tried to make sure that women in such circumstances could have a relative claim their benefits.
What action will the Minister take to ensure that those women are given the support that they need in their desperate times?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Gentleman, and I remember his valiant efforts during the passage of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
The Government have committed to ensuring that local connection does not apply in cases such as those he talks about.
With regard to benefits, the Department for Work and Pensions is very much part of the mission group on violence against women and girls, and I will absolutely raise his points.
We will seek to make sure that when and wherever people crop up with these issues, their local authorities and local systems are in place.
In the 12 months to July 2024, 22,403 violence against women and girls offences were recorded in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister outline what discussions she has had with the Police Service of Northern Ireland about getting stronger conviction rates for such incidents of violence?
I have spoken to the Chief Constable of the PSNI within the last week, and he has requested that we go over to Northern Ireland.
That trip is planned for early in the new year, and I would very much welcome working with colleagues in this House and the devolved Government to make sure that we are all working together on this issue.
A constituent of mine came to see me in distress a couple of weeks ago, having been a victim of rape in 2021.
She has now been given a date in 2026 for her case to be heard.
I am sure the whole House will agree with me that that is completely unacceptable.
She has been denied access to mental health support during this time, because it may impact her defence.
What are the Minister’s thoughts on that matter?
I would like to say very clearly from the Dispatch Box that it is a total myth that people cannot access mental health support when awaiting trial.
It is something that has crept in over the years, and I would like it to be stamped out for good across all agencies.
I ran a rape crisis service that definitely served people who were awaiting trial.
If I were the Member of Parliament representing the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent, I would push back on that assertion and say that it is certainly not the policy.