Data shows us that women of colour face disproportionate rates of homicide and that adults of black, black British or mixed ethnicity are more likely to experience sexual assault than those of white, Asian or other ethnicities.
These challenges are just as common when it comes to domestic abuse.
Those people are less likely to access support services than white women.
We desperately need stronger action to support these vulnerable women,  so can the Minister tell me how the Government will ensure that we help more women from ethnic minority backgrounds to get the support that they need and end the injustice that they face?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Lady, as she might imagine, considering the seat that I represent.
We need a strong “by and for” service in our country.
We need to ensure that the geographical location of someone in the country does not matter, and that specialist services are available for black and minority ethnic women and other marginalised groups—for example, disabled victims of domestic abuse or victims of domestic abuse in the armed forces.
There needs to be a specialist approach for specialist groups and we will be making sure that that is part of our violence against women and girls strategy.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
Our manifesto committed us to championing the rights of, and working with, disabled people, putting their views and voices at the heart of all we do.
We want a more inclusive society, removing the unnecessary barriers that have too often held disabled people back.
I want to draw the Minister’s attention to the fact that almost one in five people in my constituency are classed as disabled, and after 14 years of a Conservative Government who slashed public services, there are still far too many people in South Derbyshire who report that their daily activities are significantly limited by their conditions.
What more can this Government do in my constituency to support disabled people in accessing care as well as career and educational opportunities?
My hon.
Friend, in describing her constituency, speaks for the whole country.
Disabled people and people with health impairments are very diverse, and we want to promote diverse, specialist initiatives to support people to stay in work, to get back into work if they have lost their job, and to progress in work, including by joining up local employment and help support.
We need to remove barriers to accessing services as well.