During the election campaign, the Conservative party committed to clarifying the definition of “sex” in the Equality Act 2010 to protect women’s rights.
At the end of this month, For Women Scotland v. Scottish Ministers will be heard in the UK Supreme Court.
The case will have far-reaching consequences for sex-based rights, so can the Government assure the House that they are now clear that the definition in “sex” in the Equality Act 2010 means biological sex?
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that I will not comment on ongoing cases.
However, I can be clear that the Equality Act 2010 sets out that providers, for example, have the right to restrict access to service on the basis of biological sex.
This Government are proud of our achievements in legislating for the Equality Act.
We will ensure providers can continue to support single-sex exemptions, and it is important that providers have clarity in this area.
I would be happy to work with her to ensure that is the case.
Will the Minister have discussions with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government on how pavement design and layout can be improved to enhance navigability for blind and visually impaired people?
That is good example of the kind of discussion we need among Ministers responsible for disability across Government.
Department for Transport guidance on inclusive mobility and on tactile paving surfaces advises how design and layout can inform visually impaired people, including about hazards and directions.
I am happy to pursue the subject further with my hon.
Friend.
The Voluntary Organisations Disability Group represents over 100 charities, including Mencap and Sense.
It has said that the Budget will have “life-changing consequences” and its chief executive has said that the “Labour government is letting them down”.
It says the increase in national insurance contributions will put frontline services at risk, so what will the Government do to mitigate that risk for those charities, which are so important to those with disabilities?
We are working very closely with disability organisations, and I pay tribute to the work of those to which the hon.
Gentleman referred.
We will certainly ensure that barriers that too often confront disabled people are removed by this Government.
That is the mission that we are on.
According to the Darzi report, there has been a substantial decline in the social determinants of health, such as poor-quality housing, access to clean air and good nutrition.
How is the Minister working with Cabinet colleagues to include health in policies that address those social determinants of health and tackle the health inequalities that are the legacy the Conservative Government left the country to deal with?
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise to the House in this area.
We are committed across Government to tackling the social determinants of health and the stark health inequalities that sadly blight the life chances of too many across our country.
During a hospital stay, my constituent, a new mother with an exclusively breastfed infant, encountered resistance from staff when trying to keep her child with her.
The distress caused left her needing post-traumatic stress disorder therapy.
What steps is the Minister taking with Government colleagues to ensure that hospitals support breastfeeding mothers appropriately?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point, and I am very sorry to hear about her constituent’s experience.
I will make sure that a Health Minister picks up on that point and has a conversation with her, because new mothers, including those who are breastfeeding, absolutely deserve the right level of support and advice.
Australia, Canada, Germany and the Netherlands have called on Afghanistan to cease what they say are violations of the UN convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.
This is the precursor before they take their case to the International Court of Justice.
Will the UK be joining them?
Mr Speaker, please forgive me, but I did not quite hear all of my hon.
Friend’s question, but I will make sure that the issue she identifies is picked up by the relevant Minister and that she receives a full response.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to welcome our special guest, His Excellency the Speaker of the House of the People of Somalia, who will be observing our proceedings today.
Your Excellency, you are most welcome.