The Prime Minister has repeated that number because he has probably not listened to the Labour-run Local Government Association, which said that with no separate funding for the Chancellor’s Budget announcements, care providers would likely see increased costs, which will cost councils more.
All of the £600 million in grant increase he is giving will not cover what is required for adult social care.
It is clear that the Government have not thought through the impact of the Budget, and this is the problem with having a copy-and-paste Chancellor.
Did they not realise that care homes, GP surgeries, children’s nurseries, hospices and even charities have to pay employers’ NI?
We have put more money into local authorities than the Conservatives did in 14 years.
They left them in an absolutely catastrophic state.
We have produced a Budget that does not increase tax on working people—nothing in the payslip—and is investing in our NHS, investing in our schools so every child can go as far as their talent will take them, and investing in the houses of the future.
If she is against those things, she should say so.
I am not against any of those things—[Hon.
Members: “Ah!”] Of course not; none of us is against any of those things.
But the Prime Minister has confirmed that he does not know what is going on.
He probably does not realise that on Monday the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government revealed that councils will need to find an additional £2.4 billion in council tax next year.
That is a lot more than £600 million.
I know he has been away, but did the Deputy Prime Minister, who runs that Department, make him aware of their £2.4 billion black hole?
Let me get this straight: the Leader of the Opposition does not want any of the measures in the Budget, but she wants all the benefits?
The magic money tree is back after two weeks in office.
The Conservatives have learned absolutely nothing.
We have put forward a Budget that takes the difficult decisions, fixing the £22 billion black hole that they left and investing in the future of our country.
They say that they want all that, but they do not know how they will pay for it—same old Tories.
Even the Prime Minister must admit that Labour fiddled the fiscal rules.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has said that it does not recognise where the additional growth will come from.
The fact is that the rise in employer national insurance will be a disaster for small businesses around the country.
Let me tell you about Kelly, Mr Speaker.
For over 20 years, Kelly has run an after-school club business supporting 500 children and families in her borough.
In 2024, her national insurance cost was about £10,000; in April, that will rise to £26,000—that is a 150% increase in costs from the Budget alone.
If Kelly’s small business goes under, what is the Prime Minister’s message to her and the 500 families it supports?
I would say this to Kelly: we inherited a very badly damaged economy and a £22 billion black hole, and we were not prepared to continue with the fiction.
We stabilised—[Interruption.]
Order.
Ms Lopez, I am sure I can expect better from you as a Parliamentary Private Secretary.
I would say to Kelly that we are fixing the mess that we were left and are investing in the future of our country.
I would also say to her that the Leader of the Opposition, in week two, wants all the benefits from the Budget but has no way of saying how she will pay for them—the same old mistake over and over again.