The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 November.
On Monday, I was honoured to join President Macron to mark Armistice Day in Paris and, together, we paid tribute to the fallen of the first world war, and all subsequent conflicts, who made the ultimate sacrifice for the freedom that we enjoy today.
I also attended the COP summit.
My focus, as ever, was on British energy security and the jobs of the future that should be on our shores—central issues of concern to people in this country.
It is also Islamophobia Awareness Month, and I reaffirm our commitment to standing against discrimination and racism in all their forms.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
In the two weeks since the Budget, several GP practices in my constituency of Edinburgh West, including my own, have contacted me with their genuine fears that the impact of the changes to national insurance employer contributions will threaten their ability to continue to offer the public the same standard of health service that they currently receive.
And they are far from the only ones struggling, particularly in the health and social care sectors.
Can the Prime Minister explain to me—perhaps he and his Chancellor would like to come to my constituency and explain to GPs, charities and others—how they are meant to cope without extra support from the Government?
Because of the tough decisions that we took, we have put forward a Budget with an extra £25.6 billion for the NHS and for social care.
That includes an increase to carers’ allowance and £600 million to deal with the pressures of adult social care.
We will ensure that GP practices have the resources that they need, and the funding arrangements between the NHS and contractors will be set out in the usual way.
Members have raised their concerns about a range of damaging policies pursued by the Leader of the Opposition.
This includes voting against critical investment for our NHS, stating that maternity pay is excessive and the minimum wage a burden, and even backing harmful fracking when last in government.
Is the Prime Minister aware of any attempt by the Leader of the Opposition to justify these dangerous positions, which would cause untold damage to communities such as mine in South Dorset?
This Government have given millions of people a pay rise of £1,400 by boosting the minimum wage.
We have strengthened parental leave with better rights for parents and put huge investment into our schools and NHS—and all that while ensuring that the payslips of working people have not been affected.
It is clear whose side we are on: the working people of this country.
I have not heard the Leader of the Opposition clarify why she opposes all these things, but now is her chance.