Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The world is a more dangerous place than ever before in our lifetimes and this Government have agreed to give away a key strategic asset in the Indian ocean, ending more than 200 years of British sovereignty.
It is the wrong decision, and we stand by that completely.
A month has gone since the Government’s announcement, but we are still in the dark about exactly what they have agreed.
That is simply not acceptable.
We have no treaty and vital questions remain unanswered.
That is unacceptable and the Minister needs to put it right today.
We cannot afford for our military base on Diego Garcia to be compromised in this way.
What safeguards will be in place to ensure that no other states can establish themselves or place their assets, in particular strategic assets, on any nearby islands in the archipelago?
How does the decision affect the strategic defence review that is under way?
How much money will Labour be asking British taxpayers to send to Mauritius each year under the deal, which we do not even know the details of?
Which departmental budgets will that come from?
What is the total figure?
The House expects transparency, including on what taxpayers will be funding.
We need to hold the Government to account on this.
Will the Minister please give a cast-iron guarantee that the UK will be able to unilaterally extend the agreement on the military base beyond 99 years?
That is all we have heard for now.
What will be the mechanism for doing that?
This is a crucial piece of scrutiny that we all need to know about, particularly as the Minister raised a point about national security and the national security apparatus agreeing to this arrangement.
What discussions has the Foreign Secretary—I know he is not here today—personally undertaken with the Chagossian community, who the Minister will know are beyond distraught about the agreement?
The elections in Mauritius and the United States pose further questions, and it is right that we follow up on them.
Labour rushed into the deal just before the Mauritian elections, even though Ministers must surely have realised that a change of Government was a strong possibility.
Why did they do that?
The Minister needs to be clear.
We want to know how the Government are going to engage with the new US Administration.
The Opposition oppose the Government’s decision and we intend to hold them to account.
First, I welcome the shadow Foreign Secretary to her place in this Chamber.
We were in a Committee earlier today, but I welcome her to her place.
I have always had good engagement with her on issues in the past and she is right to ask important questions, but the first thing I need to do is correct the idea that we are somehow giving up the base.
That is exactly the opposite of what we are doing.
We are securing the future of the base.
The base will continue to operate.
It will continue to operate as it has done.
The right hon.
Lady asks an important question about security guarantees in relation to the outer islands.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty for robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands.
We simply would not have signed off an agreement that  compromised any of our security interests or those of our allies.
Indeed, this has been discussed not just at a political level in the United States, but at a deep technical level.
She will know from her time in government about the nature of the special relationship and the depth of that relationship.
That is why we have proceeded only on the basis that we were all satisfied with the arrangements.
The right hon.
Lady will be able to scrutinise those arrangements in due course, as will the House, Mr Speaker.
The treaty will be presented in the usual way after signature.
It will go through the usual process.
[Interruption.]
She asks when.
We have just had the Mauritian election.
We will be engaging with the new Administration there and seeking to present the treaty for signature.
We will then present it, in all its detail, to the House.
The right hon.
Lady asked about an extension period.
There is a provision in the treaty for an extension period after the 99-year period.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the Chagossians.
Again, I gently say that there are a range of views in the Chagossian community.
They have been expressed to me on many occasions, both before I came into government and since I have been in government.
There is a range of views on the arrangement.
We respect all the different views that are out there.
We will continue to engage with the Chagossian community, but I am absolutely clear that there are important provisions in the deal that support the Chagossian community: their ability to return to the outer islands, the visits, the trust fund, the unilateral support we will continue to provide, and the fact that Chagossians are welcome to come here to the UK and take up British citizenship, which was an agreement under the previous Government.
Portsmouth is the home of the Royal Navy, and as the Member for Portsmouth North, I welcome the appointment of Jonathan Powell, who played an important part in negotiating this deal, as National Security Adviser.
Does the Minister agree that with his experience in helping to negotiate the Good Friday agreement and his work on some of the world’s most complex conflicts, he is uniquely place to advise the Government on tackling the challenges ahead and to protect the advancement of UK security?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend, who I know takes a keen interest in the overseas territories, in particular Gibraltar.
I totally agree with her about the new National Security Adviser.
He is a remarkable individual with a huge track record in government of making deals and getting things done, which I know is appreciated by our friends on the opposite side of the Atlantic, too.
He is somebody who takes the national security of this country extraordinarily seriously, so I completely agree with her characterisation.