My constituency is the home of UK brewing, and has the best pubs in the country.
The Prime Minister is welcome to join me for a pint to sample the very best beer in the world.
As this Government look to reform business rates and consult on those changes, will he commit to ensuring that pubs and hospitality have a seat at the table?
The last time I went to my hon.
Friend’s constituency I got to see the fantastic South Derbyshire college.
I look forward to testing his proposition that he has the best pubs in his constituency on some future occasion.
Pubs and breweries are such an important part of our culture and our communities.
That is why the Budget delivered an £85 million per year tax cut for  pubs, reducing the duty on a pint.
We also delivered a 40% relief on business rates for next year, permanently lowering them the year after.
We are protecting small businesses by more than doubling the employer allowance to £10,500.
In the past week, there have been reports that more schools are slated for closure as a direct consequence of the Prime Minister’s ideologically driven policy to introduce VAT on school fees and increase national insurance contributions.
This pattern will be seen up and down the country and will lead to staff being unemployed and pupils and parents being cast adrift.
Will the Prime Minister do the decent thing, abandon this policy and apologise to those affected?
I do understand the concerns of those who save to send their children to private school because they believe in aspiration and opportunity.
Every single parent shares that aspiration to opportunity, whichever school they send their children to.
Under the last Government, we did not have enough teachers in basic subjects in our state secondary schools.
The Tories were prepared to tolerate that.
I am not.
Three million people across the country, including an estimated 70,000 in Wales, will benefit from Labour’s Budget measures on the minimum wage and the national living wage.
Members should contrast that with the Leader of the Opposition, who said that the minimum wage was hurting businesses, or the shadow Chancellor, who called the minimum wage a “burden”.
Does the Prime Minister agree that those comments underline that the Tories have no interest in protecting working people or boosting the income of the lowest paid?
It was the last Labour Government who introduced the national minimum wage—in the teeth of opposition from the Tory party.
I am proud that this Government have now increased it by over 16%.
That means an increase of over £2,500 a year for a full-time worker aged 18 to 20.
Whether it is our Employment Rights Bill or decisions at the Budget, this is a Government who are proudly on the side of Britain’s working people.
Now that Sue Gray has, remarkably, turned down the opportunity to be the Prime Minister’s special envoy to the nations, will he finally admit that it was an invented job on taxpayers’ money for one of his cronies?
If it wasn’t, is he going to hire a new one?
It wasn’t.
I represent loads of hard-working mums and dads in Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition’s campaign chair, Rachel Maclean, said it was not the right decision for the Tories to expand childcare provision.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that this Labour Government believe in supporting working families and will work to get them the childcare they need?
Let me be absolutely clear: this Government are committed to making childcare more affordable and accessible.
The Tory party voted against making life easier for working families.
They have learned absolutely nothing.
We are committed to providing £1.8 billion to expand access across childcare, creating 3,000 new school-based nurseries and family hubs.
I am proud that we are taking the country in the right direction.
Article 2 of the United Nations genocide convention makes it explicit that genocide is not about numbers; it is about intent.
The intent of the Israeli Government and the Israel Defence Forces has been explicit in words and actions over the past 400 days, with more than 45,000 innocent men, women and children killed.
On 28 October, the Foreign Secretary denied that a genocide was even taking place and suggested that the Israeli army had not yet killed enough Palestinians to constitute a genocide.
Last week at Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister stated that he has never referred to the atrocities happening in Gaza as a genocide.
Will he share his definition of genocide with the House and state what further action he is prepared to take to save the lives of desperate and starving men, women and children, given that we now hold the presidency of the United Nations Security Council?
It would be wise to start a question like that by a reference to what happened in October of last year.
I am well aware of the definition of genocide, and that is why I have never described this or referred to it as genocide.
My constituent’s daughter, Bethany Rae Fields, was brutally murdered by her ex-boyfriend in 2019, despite raising multiple alarms of her abuse to the police.
This week, Bethany’s mother Pauline travelled down to Parliament to bring her case to the Minister.
Does the Prime Minister agree with Pauline that more needs to be done to shift the culture towards believing victims and reacting fast when they sound the alarm of concern, as one way to reduce violence against women and girls?
What happened to Bethany is appalling, and my thoughts, as I am sure are those of the whole House, are with her family.
We need a culture shift here, and we have committed to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
No Government have ever made that commitment before, and I hope that can be something that is shared across the House, because this is so important.
It starts with that central question of belief and confidence: for every woman or young woman who comes forward, there are probably about nine who never had the confidence to come forward, and this starts with belief and the culture that we put in place.
We are committed to that, and I invite the whole House to join us on that mission to halve violence against women and girls.
I am sure the Prime Minister and the whole House would wish to congratulate Donald Trump on his landslide victory last week— Order.
I will hear the question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Within a couple of days we had learned of a third assassination attempt.
Charges have been laid, and behind it is Iran’s Revolutionary Guard.
Has the time not come to proscribe what is so obviously a terrorist organisation, and in doing so, not just do the right thing, but perhaps mend some fences between this Government and the incoming presidency of Donald Trump, given that the whole of the Prime Minister’s Cabinet have been so rude about him over the last few years?
I am glad to see the hon.
Member making a rare appearance back here in Britain.
He has spent so much time in America recently that I was half expecting to see him in the immigration statistics when we see the next batch—[Interruption.]
He may have missed it, but I congratulated the incoming President last week, and we will work with him.
The point the hon.
Member makes about Iran is very serious, and we will work across the House and with our allies on it.
Obviously on the question of proscription, we keep that under review.