The base on Diego Garcia plays a critical role in countering an array of threats to regional and international security.
Without legal certainty, the base simply cannot operate effectively.
Continued uncertainty would be a gift to our adversaries.
That is why the agreement has been welcomed by all parts of the US system, and other critical regional security partners, including India.
Agreeing the deal now, on our terms, meant that we were able to secure strong protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done.
We have secured a deal that protects our national interests, respects the interests of our partners and upholds the international rule of law.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty to robust security arrangements, including arrangements preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands, so that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
We would not have signed off on an agreement that compromised any of our security interests, or those of our allies.
The agreement will be underpinned by a financial settlement that is acceptable to both sides, and will underpin a strong, long-term partnership with Mauritius.
That was crucial to securing the agreement.
The Government will not scrimp on our national security; however, I am sure that the House will understand that it is not normal practice for the UK to reveal the value of payments for military bases anywhere across the globe, because to do so would put at risk their future secure operation.
The deal will also deliver benefits for the Chagossian community, who were removed from the islands in the 1960s and 1970s.
I know that the whole House has already expressed, and will join me in again expressing, regret for that shameful episode.
Mauritius will now be able to implement a programme of resettlement to the islands, other than Diego Garcia, and we will work together to start a programme of visits for Chagossians to all the islands.
The UK will finance a new trust fund for Mauritius to support Chagossians, and will provide additional Government support to those living in the UK.
All Chagossians will of course remain eligible for British citizenship and free to make their home in the UK.
We will work with Mauritius to ensure the continued protection of the islands’ unique environment, with the shared objective of securing and protecting one of the world’s most important marine environments.
That will include the establishment of a Mauritius marine protected area.
The agreement also shuts down the possibility of the Indian ocean being used as a dangerous illegal migration route to the UK, with Mauritius taking responsible for any future arrivals.
The long-term protection of the base on Diego Garcia has been the shared UK and US priority throughout.
This agreement secures its future.
We look forward to engaging with the incoming US Administration.
I congratulate both President Trump and Dr Ramgoolam on their recent election victories in the US and Mauritius respectively, and we look forward to working with their Governments on this matter.
The agreement is in all sides’ shared interests, and in our national security interest.
Mauritius has no legal or historical claim to sovereignty over a group of islands that are 1,300 miles away from it, and the opinion of the International Court of Justice was purely advisory.
There is no legal reason why we have to do any of this.
I warned the Foreign Secretary six weeks ago in this Chamber that it was an enormous mistake to do this, given that we had a US presidential election coming up on  5 November .
Ministers might say to me, “It’s okay—the United States is fully in favour.”
Really?
I can tell the House that the incoming national security adviser Mike Waltz has form on this, going right back to when  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly)  was doing his best to give away the sovereignty of the Chagos islands; indeed, Mike Waltz wrote to Secretary of State Blinken at the time.
I assure the House, having been in America last week and knowing the incoming US Defence Secretary very well, that there is outright hostility towards this deal.
Whatever is said about a lease agreement, these agreements can very easily be broken, as we saw with Hong Kong.
Diego Garcia was described to me by a senior Trump adviser as the most important island on the planet for America, so the Minister will find outright hostility.
By the way, what happened to the Chagossian people was truly awful, but they are unanimous in their wish not to live under Mauritian rule; they want to live under British rule because they trust us.
There is no basis for this agreement.
If the Government continue with it, they will be at conflict with a country without which we would be defenceless.
I am afraid I fundamentally disagree with what the hon.
Gentleman said.
Let me be clear: this Government inherited a situation whereby the long-term secure operation of this crucial military base—he is right on that one point—was under threat.
International courts were reaching judgments and international organisations were taking steps not to undermine Mauritian sovereignty.
That threatened the secure and effective operation of the base.
In the absence of a negotiated solution, a legally binding decision against the UK seemed inevitable.
That would have threatened the secure and effective operation of the base, and that was not sustainable.
[Interruption.]
On the hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the incoming US Administration, we very much look forward to working with them, and I am sure that they will be briefed on the full detail of the deal.
I am confident that the details of the arrangement will allay any concerns, otherwise we would not have entered into any such arrangement in the first place.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Francois, I welcome you back to the Front Bench, but I do not welcome you shouting from it continuously.
Do we understand that we need calm?
This is an important subject, so I do not want the rhetoric that is coming from there.
Mr Speaker, I have known the right hon.
Gentleman a long time, and he knows that he can come and speak to me about these matters at any point.
Let me be clear: we will work very closely with the incoming US Administration, and we are working closely with the current US Administration.
This agreement had support across the national security apparatus of the United States.
Otherwise, we would never have entered into an arrangement.
The previous Government recognised the threats to the long-term operation of the base, which is why they started the negotiations in the first place, but this Government did the deal.
Diego Garcia is important, but it is not at risk—it is more secure as a result of the deal.
What  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  is suggesting is simply not the case.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the Chagossians.
What happened to them was completely wrong and shameful—that has been agreed on all sides of the House.
I have engaged with the Chagossian community on a number of occasions.
He will also recognise that there are a range of views across the Chagossian community, including those who support the deal.
We have made sure that their interests are at the heart of the arrangement, whether in the trust fund, the unilateral arrangements, the continued commitment to UK citizenship for Chagossians, their ability to return to visit all the islands or the resettlement programme that Mauritius will restart under the treaty.
I am confident that this deal is the right thing for our national security, for the Chagossian community and for our allies and partners.
We heard representations from  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  about upholding international law.
Does the Minister agree that it is important that the UK fulfils its international law obligations?
Does he recognise that in 2021, the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea confirmed that Mauritius has sovereignty over the Chagos islands?
Does he agree that, notwithstanding that, the deal secures the long-term certainty of the base on Diego Garcia?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Agreeing this deal now on our terms means that we have been able to secure protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done into the next century.
It settles the historical sovereignty claims in a way that successfully balances our international law obligations with vital UK and US national security requirements.