I am sure that many of us will welcome commitments from the Government to remove barriers to work for disabled people, but disability charities have outlined concerns about the Government’s plans for work capability assessment reform and changes to personal independence payments and the Access to Work scheme.
Will the Minister please commit to working with disability charities to ensure that any changes to those schemes,  including any proposed by the previous Government, are made alongside consultation with the people those policies will affect?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
As I have said, we are committed to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of everything we do and, in looking at these issues, to consulting properly and amply with disabled people and with their organisations.
Nowhere are disabled people more discriminated against than on Britain’s railways.
The previous Government had an Access for All scheme that would allow disabled people to get to platforms that were otherwise inaccessible.
This has been put on hold by the new Government.
Can the Minister tell me what discussions he has had with his colleagues in the Department for Transport and when we might see stations such as Whitchurch made accessible to people who cannot manage steps?
I am afraid that I cannot talk about the situation at Whitchurch, but the hon.
Lady speaks for many on this, as there have been some high-profile and troubling instances of problems in this area over recent months.
This is a good example of the kind of issue where, as Ministers, we need to be talking across Government Departments and making sure that barriers, like the one she has described, are removed.
We are determined to do that.
Young women and girls in my constituency travel abroad to stay with relatives, sometimes for several weeks or months, and they get into difficulties or are impacted by safeguarding issues.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what support is available to help repatriate such girls who have dual nationality and have, in many instances, had false allegations made against them by perpetrators who do not want them to leave the country?
That question is perhaps more relevant to the previous group of questions, but I am very happy to make sure that we write to the hon.
Gentleman to set out the support that is available.
What steps the Government are taking to support women back into work.
We are laying the foundations for all employers to create conditions that enable women to return to work and to thrive in their careers.
As part of our efforts to make work pay, we will improve access to flexible working, strengthen workplace protections for new mothers and review the parental leave system.
Parents of pre-school children in South Devon are finding it all but impossible to find nursery or pre-school places due to the lack of availability and the financial pressure that such establishments are under.
This is making it extremely difficult for parents, often mothers, who would like to return to work after having children.
How will the Department for Education  and the Office for Equality and Opportunity work together to increase the number of nurseries and provide them with adequate funding to ensure that women are provided with all the support they need to return to work?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that accessible and affordable childcare is essential for making sure that women, in particular, are able to work, to work the hours that suit them and to progress in their careers.
That is why we have confirmed that we will be expanding Government-funded childcare with an initial £1.8 billion.
As part of that programme, we will be rolling out 3,000 new or expanded primary-based nurseries.
Applications are open, and schools are encouraged to participate.
The all-party parliamentary group on domestic violence and abuse was reconstituted this week.
As its chair, I am pleased to report that, at our first meeting, we heard from survivors and organisations that support survivors in the workplace.