When it comes to fixing the crisis in the NHS that he has inherited, the Prime Minister has rightly recognised the need to improve access to GPs, but as is the case for my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine) , GPs in my constituency are writing to tell me how worried they are about the national insurance hike’s impact on patient care.
I listened very carefully to what the Prime Minister said to my hon.
Friend, but I hope he will think again.
Will he at least exempt GPs, community pharmacists and other health and care providers from that tax rise?
I hear the point that the right hon.
Gentleman makes, and I understand the concern.
We have made a huge investment in our NHS—the biggest ever investment in our NHS for many, many years—and certainly almost all the people working in the NHS are very pleased to see that investment in them and in their service.
On the question of GPs, we will ensure that they have the resources they need, and the funding arrangements will be set out in the usual way later this year.
I have to say, I think patients, GPs and others listening to that answer will want more reassurance, and will want it much more quickly.
Turning to the war in Ukraine, a senior adviser to President-elect Trump, Donald Trump junior, has shared a post on Instagram declaring that soon, within the next few weeks, President Zelensky will “lose his allowance”.
If the Trump Administration do withdraw support from our brave Ukrainian allies, will the UK and Europe step up to fill the gap?
Will the Prime Minister seize frozen Russian assets—not just the interest, but the assets underlying it—so that we can fund a huge boost to the Ukrainian forces in their fight against Putin’s war machine?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we have been resolute and strong in our support for Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression.
As he also knows, in recent weeks, I have been speaking with other leaders about how we put Ukraine in the best and strongest possible position at this time.
I will continue those discussions.
Child poverty is a national scandal.
In St Helens North, it increased by over 50% under the previous Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we need to address this scandal, ideally cross-party?
If so, does he share my concern that the Conservatives have opposed actions that we are taking with the Budget, employment rights, housing and more, not to mention their leader’s comments on maternity pay, which suggests they just do not get what working families and their children need?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Under the Conservative party, we saw child poverty increase by 700,000.
This is a Budget that not only invests in our NHS and our schools, but ensures that working people will not face a penny extra in their payslips or at the petrol pump.
That is because when it comes to the tough decisions on tax, we have not touched national insurance, income tax or VAT, just as we promised, on working people.
We also gave 3 million of the lowest paid a pay rise, something that the Conservative party seems to be opposing.
Lebanon is in crisis, and my constituent Catherine Flanagan is in despair.
Her three-year-old son David Nahle has been out of her care for the past two years.
The Belfast High Court has indicated that he should be returned to his mother and has issued a bench warrant for the arrest of his father.
However, when my constituent fled domestic violence in Beirut, she got no help or assistance from the UK embassy, and when she has sought assistance from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to be reunited with her son—to see her son again, and for this British citizen to come back to the UK—she has not received the assistance that she, or I and our community, expect she should.
Will the Prime Minister engage with this issue and, at the very least, ask the Foreign Secretary to assist my constituent in her earnest desire to see her three-year-old son again?