Boosting British exports, especially for our small businesses, is vital to creating jobs and economic growth, and it absolutely must be a strategic priority for the Government.
This secondary legislation is a welcome step forward, giving UK Export Finance the opportunity to grow its portfolio of projects to help deliver for businesses across the country.
This measure will be very important to my constituents, as Wokingham is one of the best places in the country to do business, and the Government should continue to help unlock our growth potential.
We ranked 15th of 362 local authorities for competitiveness between 2017 and 2021.
The gross value added per filled job vacancy was 23.5%, which is significantly faster than the rest of Berkshire and the south-east.
My constituency has great examples of where Government support programmes have delivered success, such as M2M Pharmaceuticals, which won a King’s award for enterprise this year.
Tomorrow, I am visiting Intersurgical, another great success story for Wokingham business, which designs, manufactures and supplies medical devices.
Having grown from seven people in 1982 to upwards of 3,500 employees worldwide, it now exports its products globally.
However, I am sure it is deeply concerned about the Budget’s impact on maintaining its profitability.
I look forward to hearing from the company what more the Government need to do to support its success.
There is certainly more that should be done to boost British exporters and improve Britain’s trade policy.
To start, the Government urgently need to fix our broken relations with the EU to foster closer co-operation with our largest trading partner.
We must cut vast swathes of red tape and reduce the trade barriers that hold back our businesses.
For example, the Government should urgently negotiate a veterinary and plant health agreement with the EU to reverse the decline in British agrifood exports since 2019.
Securing bespoke mutual recognition agreements for Britain’s engineers, architects, lawyers and accountants would also help British businesses across a variety of sectors to secure greater export opportunities.
The trade associations I have met made one thing overtly clear: the impact of Brexit is hurting their profits, and we need to fix this mess.
On trade, I hope this Government do not follow the Conservative party’s approach of negotiating trade deals in desperation, which led to weak outcomes, as we can see from the results.
For instance, the Conservatives failed to guarantee British standards on animal welfare and environmental protections in agreements such as the Australia trade deal, at an especially difficult time for the agriculture sector.
Even a Tory former Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs described that agreement as “not actually a very good deal”.—[Official Report,  14 November 2022 ; Vol. 722, c. 424.]
Parliament never gets a proper say on our trade deals, eliminating the opportunity to stop the Government barrelling ahead with deals that are deeply unpopular.
I respect the Minister greatly, but there is a lot to get right, and to fix from the previous Government.
Will he meet me and representatives from Wokingham businesses, such as Xpert, which is struggling to secure UK export finance, to hear what they need from his Department?
Will he set out to the House the specific forms of scrutiny we will get when the Government conclude the trade deal?
Will his Department renegotiate the Australia and New Zealand trade agreement?
These orders are technical in nature and relate to the capacity of UK Export Finance—which is the operating name of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, the UK’s export credit agency—to support current and prospective exporters.
As hon.
and right hon.
Members will know, UK Export Finance has a mandate to support UK exporters with finance and insurance, helping them to compete internationally.
UK Export Finance, or UKEF for short, was established more than 100 years ago and is the world’s oldest export credit agency.
Its support has proved crucial to British exporters throughout its existence.
UKEF helps exporters to win international contracts, to fulfil export orders, to create jobs and to get paid.
Last year it provided £8.8 billion in finance to support UK exporters, and supported up to 41,000 jobs around the UK as a result.
Some 88% of the businesses it supported last year were small and medium-sized enterprises.
UKEF provides its finance at no net cost to the taxpayer; in fact, it generates a return for the Exchequer, with £705 million returned to the Treasury over the last three years.
The Export and Investment Guarantees Act 1991, as amended in 2015, confers powers on the Secretary of State to provide finance that is conducive to exports, and to provide insurance in connection with overseas investments.
Those powers are exercised and performed through UKEF.
Subject to some limited exceptions, section 6(1) of the Act imposes a limit on the aggregate amount of financial commitments that can be made under those powers—in other words, the total size of UKEF’s financial portfolio.
At present, the limit stands at £67.7 billion, expressed in special drawing rights.
Special drawing rights are an accounting unit for international transactions and were created by the International Monetary Fund; their value is based on a grouping of five major currencies, including pound sterling, the US dollar and the euro.
The sum equates to approximately £70 billion at today’s exchange rates.
Why are we seeking an increase?
Well, the current limit has been in place since 2015, and UK Export Finance’s portfolio size is now drawing close to it.
Were UKEF to reach its limit, it would have to pause its vital financing activity, which, in turn, would cut off its support to prospective exporters.
I should note that, in practice, the size of UKEF’s portfolio is subject to a limit set by the Treasury.
This limit, called the maximum commitment limit, must be lower than the statutory limit set out in legislation.
I am therefore proposing these statutory instruments to increase the commitment limit in section 6(1), and to avoid the future risk of having to turn away applications for UKEF support.
Section 6 of the Act enables the Secretary of State, by order, to further increase the limit by up to £5 billion.
The power to make such an order may be exercised on up to three occasions and has not been used before.
I am therefore seeking approval of these three orders together, which would allow us to increase UKEF’s statutory commitment limit by £5 billion per order, for a total of £15 billion.
Inflation since the limit was last amended and the increasing transaction sizes that the Department is supporting mean that the Department is now approaching that legal limit.
Laying these SIs together is about future-proofing UKEF and giving it sufficient legal capacity to provide certainty for its customers.
Again, it is a decision for Treasury Ministers to then confirm the actual commitment limit under which the Department operates.
After they have come into force, the three instruments taken together will increase the commitment limit to 82.7 billion special drawing rights, which converts to around £84 billion pounds at today’s exchange rates.
UK Export Finance is delivering an ambitious five-year business plan that aligns with this Government’s missions, supporting growth and prosperity for UK exporters and their communities across the country, and doing so at no net cost to the taxpayer, but its ability to do so will be at risk without the additional legal headroom that these instruments provide.
These changes will therefore allow UK Export Finance to continue meeting its mandate in supporting exports and driving growth—something that I am sure those in all parts of the House will join me in welcoming.
I commend these orders to the House.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak during today’s important debate.
I wish to begin by taking the opportunity to thank my constituents for choosing change and putting their trust in me at the ballot box this summer.
This was indeed a “change” election.
The last time that a Labour MP for South Dorset stood here and made his maiden speech, I was just six years old.
But my Labour predecessor—Lord Knight—did not waste any time winning my support.
As the local MP, Lord Knight relentlessly fought for my community, and he leaves behind a legacy of which we can all be proud.
His  successes include rebuilding my dilapidated primary school and then rebuilding my secondary school as well.
Lord Knight was also at the heart of the campaign to win the 2012 summer Olympic games bid, with Weymouth and Portland proudly hosting the sailing events.
I consider myself very fortunate to have one of my predecessors working just along the corridor in the other place.
This Palace of Westminster can be an ancient and mysterious workplace at times, so I will always be grateful for my Lord Knight in shining armour just around the corner.
I would also like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Richard Drax.
As our MP, his commitment to our armed forces community was second to none.
The constituency may have changed hands, but I fully intend to continue his work championing our armed forces.
If I may, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would also like to pay tribute to another former Member of this House, Baroness Hodge.
Many Members will, like me, have worked alongside Baroness Hodge.
Working with her is certainly an unforgettable experience.
“Relentless”, “feisty”, “ferocious”, “attack dog”—these are just some of the terms bandied around the staffroom at Amazon headquarters after only the briefest of cross-examinations by Baroness Hodge, and with good reason.
She exemplifies how to be an effective and tenacious change-maker in Parliament.
For more than a decade, she has been the scourge of tax-dodgers and kleptocrats, white-collar criminals and oligarchs alike.
It was a pleasure to work alongside her in the battle against dirty money and economic crime.
I look forward to continuing her important work, both in this place and on the Public Accounts Committee.
Before I take Members on a walking tour of my constituency, I would just like to say thank you to the people who got me here.
My parents, my wider family, my friends and my partner have always had my back.
They have always supported my endeavours, and they have given so much to ensure that every opportunity was made available to me.
Thank you.
There is something deeply personnel about being able to represent your home.
It is an honour to be able represent my friends, my family, my neighbours and my former classmates.
In the years ahead, I look forward to rigorously standing up for all the communities that make up South Dorset.
Madam Deputy Speaker, wherever you look across my constituency, a strong sense of community and local pride is unmissable.
Starting our stroll in the east of my constituency, we will find Studland and then Swanage, a small, charming seaside town.
The people of Swanage have much to be proud of, including the legacy of one Trevor Chadwick.
Trevor was a public-spirited man, a local schoolteacher and a lifeboat volunteer.
In 1939, he joined Sir Nicholas Winton to assemble the Prague Kindertransport.
Despite the clear dangers facing him, Trevor went to Prague to help rescue 669 children from the Nazi regime, yet, much like Sir Nicholas Winton, Trevor did not seek praise or recognition for his heroism, and for many years his work went unmarked.
There now stands a statue in Swanage marking his proud legacy.
Walking past it just the other day, I was reminded of the quiet selflessness and compassion that sits at the heart of all our communities.
We can all learn from his example.
The town of Swanage is also rightly proud of its many independent businesses, its award-winning beach and its essential community hospital.
Without these institutions, the town would be lost, so I look forward to advocating for all three at every opportunity.
Now, Madam Deputy Speaker, moving west on our walk along the coastline of my constituency, you are spoilt.
Whatever other Members might claim, I know that my constituency truly is the most impressive, the most spectacular, and the most charming.
If you do not believe me, just ask UNESCO.
My constituency is the proud home of the Jurassic coast: St Aldhelm’s Head, Chapman’s Pool, Bacon Hole, Lulworth Cove, Durdle Door and Ringstead bay are all geological gems dotted along the coast.
Most hon.
Members have probably already visited this part of my constituency, either on a romantic weekend away, a summer holiday or an ill-fated geography field trip many moons ago.
Either way, all who visit the Jurassic coast leave with lifelong memories.
Rural communities such as Corfe, Worth Matravers, Langton Matravers, Winfrith and Wool are all proud to call the Jurassic coast our back garden.
I will do all I can to defend, preserve and enhance that unique landscape.
Ambling further west, we arrive at the friendly seaside town of Weymouth.
Weymouth and nearby Portland were a key departure point for the Dunkirk evacuation and, later, the D-day landings.
My home town was a generous home to soldiers, sailors and airmen during the second world war.
In the months prior to D-day, Weymouth hosted thousands of British and allied forces as they prepared for the liberation of Europe.
In Weymouth we do not easily forget the importance of those D-day landings, and our town is proud of the role that we played in turning the tide against fascism.
In a world that often feels insecure and riven by conflict, our community will always remember the sacrifices made to defend democracy and freedom.
Weymouth also remains proud of a local parliamentarian, Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton.
In the early 19th century he was a Member of Parliament for Weymouth and a leading member of the abolitionist movement.
Alongside William Wilberforce, Buxton led efforts to abolish slavery throughout the British empire.
Wherever I go in Weymouth, there are quiet reminders of that important figure and the role he played in making the world a more civilised place.
We are proud of his legacy and I believe we are a kinder and more caring community because of it.
Weymouth is a fantastic place to call home, but that does not mean our town is without its challenges.
Growing up there the message I too often heard was that to get on, you had to get out.
I reject that outlook altogether.
I am proud to call Weymouth home
and I will do everything I can to attract the jobs, investment and opportunities that every young person there deserves.
Arriving at the westward end of our walk through our constituency, we find the Isle of Portland, but we do not need to visit Portland to appreciate its significance.
Parts of this Palace of Westminster were built using Portland limestone.
The Cenotaph and Whitehall were also constructed using that stone, as were the United Nations headquarters and much of Buckingham Palace.
We are proud that a part of Portland can always be found in the corridors of power, yet
Westminster and Whitehall can too often feel remote and far removed  from life on the island.
I will always stand up for the proud communities living in Portland, and I will do what I can to shrink the gap between communities and the corridors of power.
I have begun by working with the Government to shut down the Bibby Stockholm barge, and I will continue by challenging proposals to build an incinerator and by campaigning for improved healthcare and much-needed green investment.
Well, there you have it, Madam Deputy Speaker: a short ramble across South Dorset, all enjoyed from the comfort of these green Benches.
The countryside and coastline, the towns and villages that make up my constituency are brimming with pride and with strong communities.
It is an immeasurable honour to represent each and every one of them, and I shall seek to serve them first and foremost in this House.