I know the dreadful impact that flooding has had on my hon.
Friend’s constituency, including in Storm Henk earlier this year.
The last Government left flood defences in the worst condition on record.
We are investing £2.4 billion in flood resilience over the next two years, and we have launched a flood resilience taskforce to co-ordinate national and local flood preparation to better protect communities and our economy.
[Interruption.]
Rather than heckling, the Opposition might reflect on the record that they left.
Residents of my constituency of South Basildon and East Thurrock face a triple whammy of council tax increased by 50%, reduced public services, and £1 billion of emergency funding that is being borrowed at 1% above base rate.
That 1% is approximately £10 million a year going to the Treasury that could be spent on frontline services in Thurrock.
Will the Prime Minister commit to reducing that rate, so that the money can go where it belongs?
The last Government made life even more difficult for councils needing exceptional financial support by charging a premium on borrowing.
That was the wrong decision, and it had a huge impact on vital services.
We will take a different approach.
We are delivering a real-terms increase in core Government spending power, and that will benefit the hon.
Member’s constituents.
The Leader of the Opposition took time at her party’s conference to say that “a little bit of adversity” in life is good for people’s mental health.
That approach clearly did not work for the 2 million people stuck on mental health waiting lists because of the last Tory Government.
Will the Prime Minister commit to tackling mental health waiting lists in the NHS?
We obviously recognise the devastating impact that mental health problems have on people’s livelihoods.
Lord Darzi’s report showed that waiting lists are far too long, and that there was a shocking decline in mental health for children under the last Government.
We are giving mental health the commitment it needs by recruiting 8,500 mental health workers—they are much-needed—and reforming the Mental Health Act; in my view, that is long overdue.
Chalk stream rivers are rare and have a unique ecology.
Most of them are in the UK, and two are in my constituency of North East Hampshire.
Last year, chalk stream rivers were hit with 14,000 hours of sewage  discharges, but the previous Government did nothing, despite calls for action from my hon.
Friend the Member for Chesham and Amersham (Sarah Green).
Will the Prime Minister introduce a special protection for our chalk stream rivers?