Last week, the Home Secretary fired the Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration after losing confidence in him when he went public with his concerns.
As the Home Office failed to publish 15 reports from the inspector despite an agreement that it would publish them within eight weeks of receipt, and with matters of border security at stake, is Mr David Neal actually a whistleblower?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, Mr Neal’s appointment was terminated after he breached the terms of his appointment and lost the trust of the Home Secretary in relation to the reports that she mentions.
As she would expect, reports and recommendations are always considered carefully by Ministers, and they will be published in due course.
The slogan that was projected on to Big Ben last Wednesday was extreme and antisemitic.
To many, it calls for the destruction of Israel and is seen as a genocidal statement.
Decent people around the country—not just Jews—find that appalling.
Does the Minister agree that there are criminal offences that could be used for prosecutions, and will he reiterate his calls for the police to prosecute those responsible?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view.
As the former Attorney General my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  pointed out a few minutes ago, there were a number of bases on which the police could have acted to prevent that projection.
Big Ben is not a canvas for political campaigning, particularly where the slogans are deeply offensive in nature, and that is a view I have made very clear to the commissioner.
Last week, I raised on a point of order the case of my constituent Marte Prenga and her two-year-old daughter, who are stuck overseas, and I was assured that those on the Treasury Bench would pass on to Home Office Ministers the details of their plight.
Can I please have a meeting with an Immigration Minister, as this issue is still unresolved?
I think the hon.
Gentleman knows that we Ministers are always approachable and accessible, and I would be happy to speak to him about that matter.
Thames Valley police have consistently set the pace on combating rural crime, and next year’s budget includes provisions to effectively double our rural crime taskforce.
Will the Policing Minister join me in congratulating Thames Valley police on all they are doing and, more importantly, ensure that the Home Office learns from their best practice so that it can be applied across the country?
I pay tribute to Thames Valley’s excellent police and crime commissioner, Matthew Barber, for the work he is doing in combating rural crime and crime more widely.
We have funded a rural crime unit within the National Police Chiefs’ Council, but I am happy to look at the excellent work in Thames Valley to ensure that lessons are learned across the country.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Members from across the Chamber probably do not need reminding of events last week.
On SNP Opposition day, we brought forward a motion seeking to ensure that this House spoke with one voice in favour of ensuring the release of the hostages currently under the control of Hamas, and to ensure that an immediate ceasefire took place to protect civilian life in Gaza.
That SNP Opposition day turned into a Labour Opposition day.
In that regard, Mr Speaker, you apologised to the SNP and this House.
You said: “I made a mistake: we do make mistakes and I own up to mine.
We can have an SO24 to get an immediate debate because the debate is so important to the House.”—[Official
Report,  22 February 2024 ; Vol. 745, c. 872.]
Those were your words, Mr Speaker.
In good faith, my colleagues and I sought to bring forward an SO24 debate, which, among other things, would have sought to end the sale of arms to Israel and call on the Government to use their voice at the United Nations to exercise our view in favour of an immediate ceasefire.
It is my understanding that that SO24 application has not been accepted.
Can you please advise me on when it will be accepted?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving me notice of his point of order.
The Standing Order says that I should not give the reasons for any decision regarding a  Standing Order No. 24  application.
Indeed, properly, we should not be discussing what is a private application to the Speaker.
However, given the exceptional circumstances we find ourselves in today, my view is that I ought none the less to explain my reasoning.
In determining whether a matter is proper to be discussed under the Standing Order, I must have regard to two criteria.
The first is the extent to which it concerns the administrative responsibilities of Ministers of the Crown or could come within the scope of ministerial action.
I am satisfied that the matter does relate to areas of ministerial responsibility and falls within the scope of ministerial action.
Secondly, in determining whether a matter is urgent, I must have regard to the probability of the matter being brought before the House in time by other means.
The House came to a resolution on this matter on Wednesday last week.
Further, I understand that the Government are ready to make a relevant statement tomorrow, so there is a very imminent opportunity for this important matter to come before the House.
That is why I decided that the application for an emergency debate should not proceed.
That decision of course does not mean that Members cannot apply for a debate at a later stage, when circumstances might have changed.
While the decision is mine to take, I have consulted my Deputies and the Clerks on this matter and we have agreed on this approach.