The Secretary of State is absolutely right to say that military action is necessary but not sufficient to deal with the long-term problem of the Houthis.
He has mentioned the necessity of tackling financing and the illegal shipping of weapons, but global shipping is peculiarly vulnerable to cyber-attack.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the UK’s cyber-capabilities are shared with our international partners to protect our global shipping interests?
There are essentially two forms of warfare that my hon.
Friend is pointing to: one is direct cyber-attack and the other is the use of electronic warfare to cause particular outcomes.
I am afraid that we have seen a lot of that, particularly in the theatre in Ukraine, and we are very conscious of the way it is being used in the Red sea region as well.
We will continue to do all we can to help through the Prosperity Guardian element of this operation, and to make sure that we are a step ahead of those who would, through preference, destroy the ability for world trade and good passage through open seas to take place.
I assure the Minister that he has the full—not tentative—support of DUP Members for the actions he has taken, because as he has pointed out, what is happening will affect businesses and consumers in the UK through inflation and the inability to get supplies.
However, those effects are not limited to the UK; almost every European nation relies on those shipping lanes being kept open.
Why is it that we are doing the heavy lifting when it comes to attacking the Houthis, and other nations are not joining in?
First, I am very grateful for the support of the right hon.
Gentleman’s party.
Secondly, two factors have to be in play in order to take action: the will to do it and the capability to do it.
Quite a large number of nations are involved, either through Prosperity Guardian or direct support for the military action, which includes intelligence officers and other means of assistance—we are receiving support from a whole range of people.
We now also have Operation Aspides, which the Europeans are launching.
We look forward to seeing what they bring to this action, but I stress that it is our capability and willingness combined that means that the United Kingdom is able and willing to act when perhaps others are not.
Has my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary considered engaging with the currently unrecognised country of Somaliland?
I visited it recently, as the Register of Members’ Financial Interests will show.
As it has a border with the gulf of Aden, its port at Berbera might be useful to His Majesty’s Government.
I know that my right hon.
and learned Friend is a big fan of Somaliland.
I have visited it myself in the past, and I know that in a difficult environment, they do a very good job—administratively and otherwise —of trying to run their Government.
I will take his comments away and confer with the Foreign Secretary.