There are always good reasons to introduce new capabilities.
In fact, I was recently down on HMS Somerset at Devonport, where a system is being fitted and trialled.
It is not the case, as it is sometimes characterised, that we are using Typhoons because we do not have another option; our first preference is to work in this way for a range of reasons that I cannot enter into at the Dispatch Box.
It is worth noting that when the US carried out actions in Iraq and Syria, its planes flew all the way from the United States, and I am not aware of anybody saying that that was because it did not have facilities closer to hand.
We are using the correct facilities for the particular operation, notwithstanding the fact that it is always nice to have new facilities.
I agree with the Secretary of State that we must always think about our servicemen and women who carry out these tasks.
As a former Defence Minister, it is news to me that it is up to the Defence Secretary to agree to any strikes, but perhaps this Defence Secretary has more power than his predecessors.
What is the policy and strategy behind this set of circumstances?
I and a number of other Defence Committee members met the Defence Minister of Italy a few weeks ago in Rome.
Italy is deploying to the region.
How is it that this is now a US and UK-led operation?
What are we doing to build alliances with Italy and other European nations that have an interest in doing so?
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halton (Derek Twigg)  asked, what ultimately is plan B and the long-term endgame?
I will avoid getting into the constitutional position of how that authority runs.
It would be inconceivable to do that without the Prime Minister, but it is technically the case that the royal prerogative runs to the Defence Secretary, for what it is worth.
I am very familiar with my friend Minister Crosetto, whom the right hon.
Gentleman met in Rome.
The Italians have, as he knows, opted to join Aspides, the EU operation.
We will work closely with our European friends and allies to ensure that that interacts properly with the wider Prosperity Guardian and the direct actions that we are taking.
Of course, we welcome action from other friends and allies in that regard.
I was very interested to hear the Secretary of State say that it is just the United Kingdom and the United States doing the interdiction to ensure that there is no rearmament of the Houthis, but what assessment has he made of the sources of that rearmament?
What percentage does he think comes from Iran, through Syria, or through other agents?
We are pretty certain that it all originates in Iran—[Interruption.]
Actually, I have just been informed by my Parliamentary Private Secretary that actually there was also a French interdiction of some weapons in 2023, so let me put that correction on the record.
To answer the question, I believe that it all originates from Iran.
Which routes it takes in is another matter, but much of it comes ultimately by sea, and we continue to work proactively to ensure that we prevent those shipments whenever we can.
Will the Secretary of State answer the question asked by the shadow Defence Secretary, which he avoided earlier: now that this appears to be sustained operation, might a vote in this House be appropriate?
We will continue to gauge the view of the House on these matters.
I have noted that each party’s representative has—from tentatively to fully—supported these measured responses.
If the rapidity or severity of the attacks increased, for example, my judgment at the moment would be that it is possible to read the mood of the House, but we will keep that under review and ensure that we continually come back to the House to provide defence intelligence briefings to Members who require them.
According to a survey released by the British Chambers of Commerce, over half of British retailers and exporters have been impacted by the disruption in the Red sea, which is causing logistics delays, pushing up costs, and risking higher prices and  fewer choices in British shops and elsewhere.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that our military action is consistent with the UK’s overarching aim of de-escalating tensions and restoring stability in the Red sea?
Yes, I can absolutely provide that reassurance.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out that the situation is already having a cost for British consumers.
As I mentioned in my comments, globally about 80% of goods move by sea; for the United Kingdom, it is about 90%, given that we are an island.
It is very important therefore to show, both for the purposes of deterrence and to weaken the Houthis’ ability to attack shipping, that we mean business when we say that this cannot carry on.
After four separate strikes in seven weeks, this appears to be a prolonged military campaign, so I ask the Minister again, as I did on  5 February : what is the long-term strategy, and how does this relate to the ongoing precarious situation in Yemen itself?
If the Government’s plan is to sustain military action, will he speak to the Prime Minister to ensure that Parliament accordingly has a vote or a say, which is only right?
I hope the hon.
Lady will join me in welcoming action against the Houthis, who have attacked a ship that—as I mentioned—has provided aid to the people of Yemen on multiple occasions.
I know that she does not make this mistake, but some people think that the Houthis are somehow the Yemeni authorities.
They are not; they are not the Government.
They are destroying that country through their actions, and are actually preventing aid from getting to the people of Yemen, so it is absolutely right that we take this action.
To assure the hon.
Lady, the previous three attacks were seven days apart or so; it has been a longer period this time.
We have been able to wait longer, perhaps because the Houthis have fewer options to attack shipping, but I stress that we will continue if they carry on attacking shipping.
The simplest thing for all of us to do is to send a clear, united message to the Houthis that they must stop attacking innocent shipping.