It is certainly the case that I have not given an assurance to that effect, but I know that my hon.
Friend will welcome the fact that we are tracking ahead of profile when it comes to closing hotels, and the number of people accommodated in hotels is going down.
We will continue to make progress in order to allow more closures.
I hear his representations about the hotel in his constituency.
We are committed to this.
We are making progress and we will see it through.
Obviously the overwhelming majority of those seeking asylum here and who are in residential accommodation desperately do not want to be in that accommodation.
They want their application to be heard and processed quickly.
The Minister knows that around three quarters of those people will be granted asylum in this country.
Does he agree that part of the process, while a person is waiting for their hearing and for their decision to be made, surely should be looking at integration?
Given that, is not time to give asylum seekers the right to work in this country?
That would be good for them morally, but also good for the Government and the taxpayer, because they would contribute to their own upkeep.
It is fair to say that such an approach would make a mockery of our legal migration system and people playing by the rules, lodging applications and paying the appropriate fees.
It is right that where people are granted asylum, we support them to be able to move on as quickly as possible.
Work is a key part of that.
I just wish the hon.
Gentleman had the same energy to try to help more of our people domestically to be able to take on these roles, rather than saying that we should resort to migrant labour all the time.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
Figures for local policing started to be published in 2015, with 61,083 roles at the time.
The most recent figures for March last year show that the number had increased by 6,000 to 67,785.
With a growing number of my constituents not even reporting crimes because they do not have access to a public police station, will the Minister reconsider additional funds to ensure that local police stations, such as Tamworth’s, are reopening public-facing police desks?
Staffordshire constabulary will receive an extra £16 million next year compared with the current financial year, which is a significant increase.
They now have more than 2,000 police officers due to our uplift programme, which has seen record police numbers across England and Wales.
One of the most commonly reported crimes in Rother Valley is burglary, either to rob homes or to break into homes and steal car keys.
Does the Minister agree that every area, especially South Yorkshire, should have a dedicated burglary police team to deal with those particular issues and ensure we clamp down on those awful crimes?
The previous Home Secretary, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Fareham (Suella Braverman)  was successful in securing a commitment from police to ensure that every residential burglary has a visit from the police, but
my hon.
Friend’s idea for a dedicated burglary taskforce is excellent, and I commend it to all police and crime commissioners.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.