The Minister says that the Government are doing loads, but since 2018 there has been a huge increase in the number of weapons seized in schools in some areas of the country, with knives and Tasers found in some instances.
Our young people continue to bear the brunt of the Tories’ decision to hollow out youth services and prevention work in our communities.
Meanwhile, ninja swords and other weapons remain just a google search away.
Parents should not fear for their children’s safety at school.
When will the Government match Labour’s ambition for a Young Futures programme and prioritise the safety and opportunities of our young people?
I make no apology for the success of our violence reduction units and the difference that they have made to young people’s lives since 2019.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire made the point that the crime survey for England and Wales shows that there has been a 51% fall in violent crime since 2010.
More than that, our violence reduction  units, working in conjunction with our Grip hotspot policing, have delivered a statistically significant fall in violent injuries.
Hospital admissions for knife crime and equivalent have fallen by 25% since 2019, and overall knife crime has fallen nationally by 5% since 2019, all in the life in this Parliament.
We have banned zombie knives and cyclone knives, and our Criminal Justice Bill will give the police more powers to make pre-emptive seizures.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of levels of compliance with post-charge police bail curfew conditions.
Decisions on bail conditions are set, enforced and monitored locally, but it is very important that where police bail conditions are set down, they are adhered to, in order to protect the public.
Three members of my constituent’s family were killed in an appalling dangerous driving case.
The offender was on police bail at the time, with curfew conditions, for a separate offence.
Given that legislation does not allow for tagging in such cases to enforce those curfew conditions, will my right hon.
Friend consider bringing forward changes to the law so that electronic monitoring can be used for offenders released on post-charge police bail?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, informed by a tragic case in his own constituency.
He is right that, as it stands, the legislation does not allow for tagging of people who are simply on police bail—that is to say, before their first appearance in court.
There are some considerations to do with whether tagging constitutes a form of punishment and whether that is appropriate prior to a court hearing.
However, my hon.
Friend raises a reasonable point informed by a constituency case, and I am happy to take it away and look at it with him.