Whenever we identify such threats, we will always use every measure at our disposal, including our intelligence services, to mitigate any threat to individuals.
In the first instance, I urge anyone concerned for their safety to contact the police.
The hon.
Lady will no doubt be aware that the National Security Act 2023 includes measures to tackle foreign interference, including transnational repression.
The defending democracy taskforce is reviewing the UK’s response to develop our understanding of the issue and ensure a system-wide response.
Transnational repression to silence dissent in democracies is extremely serious.
In recent months, Five Eyes nations have raised concerns about the actions of agents with links to India targeting Sikh activists in the United Kingdom.
Most disturbingly, there have been alleged assassinations and foiled assassination plots.
The US and Canadian authorities have taken the lead at senior levels to publicly call out this challenge to their sovereignty, the rule of law and their democratic values.
Given the reports of British Sikhs facing similar threats, what steps are the Government taking to secure their safety?
Will the Minister show the same strength as our partners do in publicly defending their democratic rights?
Let me be completely clear: if there are any specific threats against any British citizen by any foreign power, we will take immediate action.
The Sikh community should be as safe as every other community in the United Kingdom.
All British citizens are equal, whatever their colour, creed, faith or political allegiance.
The reality is that we have taken all the action we believe is appropriate at this stage.
We of course maintain a very close relationship with our Five Eyes partners, and we are absolutely clear that if the situation changes and we need to take action, we will do so.
Russia’s deadly poison attack in Salisbury, Iran’s intimidation of Iran International journalists and China’s secret police stations have long showed the need for a robust strategy to counter transnational repression on British soil.
The Minister mentioned that a review is under way into the UK’s approach to transnational repression.
When will it be published, and will it be part of a wider strategy to counter hostile state activity in this country?