There is no stronger advocate for the fishing industry in this House than my hon.
Friend.
He will appreciate that we have received that return from the MAC.
We will look very carefully at its recommendations, but my hon.
Friend knows that as a Government we have been consistently flexible in responding to the needs of the fishing sector.
I would argue that there is more we can do to promote domestic employment, but let me take this matter away and consider his representations.
A key issue often raised by my constituents is the desire to see a dramatic reduction in legal migration.
Bearing in mind that the Opposition appear to have no plan in that regard, can my hon.
Friend reassure me that he will look at new ways to stop this migration, that he will make sure that everybody has the right to work in this country and that we will not decrease wages by bringing in cheap labour from abroad?
My hon.
Friend is very supportive of the holistic approach that the Government are taking on this issue.
The measures that we have announced and are taking forward will reduce the inflows by 300,000.
It is important to consider this against the back to work plan that the Department for Work and Pensions is delivering to encourage more people to take on these roles domestically.
She should be absolutely certain that we as a Government will deliver on these measures and will continue to keep them under review to see whether we can go further.
That stands in stark contrast to those on the Opposition Front Bench, who have no plan at all.
To cut a long story short, a constituent’s skilled work visa application was mistakenly withdrawn by the Home Office.
The error has resulted in him no longer having the right to work in the UK, forcing him and his wife to leave their jobs.
His wife is five months pregnant and, although they pay their NHS surcharge, the Home Office error means that they are again getting healthcare bills.
The situation is increasingly desperate, so I ask the Minister to meet me to look into this case and ensure that this Home Office error does not do any more harm than it already has for this young couple.
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that I do not have the specifics of the case to hand, but if she kindly shares them with me, I will look into the case as a matter of urgency.
I hope the Minister will take this opportunity to recognise that the right to claim asylum is allowed under international law and that, therefore, there is no such thing as an illegal asylum seeker.
On that basis, perhaps he can tell us whether he or any Minister has met people with lived experience of the system and whether he will meet the people at the Maryhill Integration Network in Glasgow North to discuss these issues.
The hon.
Member will recognise that, in an answer to one of his hon.
Friends, I said that I would be willing to meet him and his Glasgow colleagues to discuss some of the challenges.
I have made an undertaking to him that that meeting will happen, and I will make sure that it happens at the earliest possible opportunity.
I am keen to understand what the challenges  are and to make sure that the support that we are providing to help facilitate move-ons, for example, is meeting the needs that exist.