Today, the British Chambers of Commerce reports that more than half of British exporters are being hit by higher costs and delays because of the Houthi attacks.
The Houthis are threatening international trade and maritime security, and putting civilian and military lives in serious danger.
That is why the UN Security Council last month passed a resolution condemning the Houthis’ actions “in the strongest terms”, and demanding that their attacks cease.
We accept that the military action over the weekend was justified, but was it effective?
What were the objectives for these latest strikes?
Were they fully met?
Were the targets at both Sana’a and Bani destroyed?
Ministers have said that the aims of earlier strikes were, first, to deter Houthi attacks and, secondly, to degrade their capabilities, but deterrence does not feature in the weekend’s eight-nation joint statement in support of the strikes, and the Defence Secretary said this afternoon that “Houthi intent remains undiminished”.
Has deterring attacks been dropped as one of the Government’s objectives for this military action?
As the Defence Secretary says, this was “the fourth such operation” since  11 January .
When will the Government judge this to be a sustained campaign?
At what stage do the Government think that Parliament needs a say?
It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to authorise UK military action and account for it to the public in this House.
When will we hear from him?
Any military action against the Houthis must be reinforced by a diplomatic drive in the region aimed at stopping the flow of Iranian weapons, cutting off Houthi finances and settling the civil war in Yemen.
What more can the Defence Secretary say about the Government’s wider action?
We continue to back the Royal Navy’s role in defence of shipping from all nations through Operation Prosperity Guardian.
How is that US-led taskforce co-ordinating with Operation Aspides, the European Union’s new naval presence in the Red sea?
Finally, I totally reject Houthi claims that firing missiles and drones at ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
Those attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinians, whose agonies are extreme.
Last week, Parliament passed Labour’s motion calling for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
We all want: an end to the fighting, now; no ground offensive in Rafah; all hostages released; and aid to Gaza ramped up greatly.
Let us come together this week to work for a ceasefire that is observed by all sides, and that can build into the political process that is needed if we are to secure lasting peace, through a two-state solution, for both Palestine and Israel.
I am grateful for the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
He asked a series of questions, and I will respond directly.
On effectiveness, we believe that this set of attacks was effective, and early reconnaissance shows as much, as I outlined in my statement.
As ever, it will take a few days to get a full picture, but we have no reason to think that the action was not entirely successful.
We very much intend our attacks on Houthi infrastructure to be a deterrent.
The Houthis think that they can continue their actions; our strikes will ensure that they understand the consequences of those actions and the price to pay for them, but perhaps other people, controlling other waterways, will also understand that the world will not simply stand back and allow those actions to take place.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the Prime Minister coming to the House.
I gently point out to him that, technically, he is wrong; the Defence Secretary has the legal authority to sign off actions, as part of royal prerogative.
Legally, I have responsibility for the attacks,  although, as he rightly points out, the Prime Minister came to the House to give the first two statements on them.
As the message in each of those statements is similar and I have legal responsibility, it seems proper and right for me to come to the House and respond to questions.
We have had very full statements after each round of attacks.
The shadow Defence Secretary is quite right to say that this sits within a much wider diplomatic context.
I went into some detail in my comments, but I am happy to talk more about the wider work that is going on in the region to try to bring to a successful conclusion the wider conflict, which is, in my view—and I think I heard him say in his view—nothing to do with why the Houthis are attacking shipping in the Red sea.
Finally, I would just gently say—although many of the SNP are not here—that to claim that the House passed in full agreement a particular resolution last week is a little bit rich given the circumstances.