What steps his Department is taking to identify young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime.
What steps his Department is taking to identify young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime.
Since 2019, we have invested £160 million in 20 violence reduction units across England and Wales, and a further £55 million has been committed this year.
Violence reduction units have reached more than 270,000 young people.
They bring together specialists from health, the police, local government and community organisations not just to tackle violent crime, but to identify the young people who are most at risk of being drawn into it and provide evidence-based interventions to support them.
I am grateful for that answer.
Children as young as 12 are being recruited by local drug dealers in the central wards of Stockton, and are provided with pocket money—huge sums for them—to carry and deliver class A and class B drugs.
Many of them are in thrall to their balaclava-wearing controllers, who largely act with impunity.
Although the police and other agencies work hard to combat such organised crime, Cleveland has the highest crime rate in the country, and police and councils do not have the fair funding needed to deal with criminals or provide good diversionary activities for those vulnerable young people.
What will the Minister do to sort that out?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that, under our tackling organised exploitation programme, we are keenly aware of the difference between victims and criminals, and that children are being drawn into criminal enterprises and gangs at ever-younger ages.
I want to provide reassurance that where we have evidence of that happening, the child should be referred through  the national referral mechanism—the framework for identifying victims of exploitation by county lines groups and equivalents.
That can be done with or without the child’s consent, and it provides the police with a vital tool not just to protect the child but to disrupt the criminal activity in which they are being enlisted.
Last week, Bedfordshire police reported that two drug dealers who had trafficked a vulnerable 15-year-old child from Luton to sell drugs were sentenced under modern slavery laws.
Although that conviction is of course welcome, I think we can all agree that this is not just slavery; it is the despicable act of grooming children into a life of drugs, gangs and violence.
Why do not the Government back our plans for a new specific offence to lock up such criminals for exactly what they are doing and stop them exploiting children and young people for a life of crime?
I agree with much of what the hon.
Lady says.
The Prime Minister implemented new measures to deal with child sexual exploitation in April of last year, but part of that deals with organised exploitation, which goes wider.
I am glad to hear that those two criminals were convicted under modern slavery laws.
I want to reassure her that, under our Criminal Justice Bill, which is making its way through the House, grooming gangs will receive enhanced sentences.
It is deeply disturbing when children and young people are involved in violent crime.
Experience from around the world shows that a whole-of-Government approach is crucial in tackling the problem, as has been acknowledged in successive Government strategies.
Will the Minister give us an update on how the Government are ensuring that that is delivered?
If I have understood my right hon.
Friend’s question correctly, I can tell her that we are doing a huge amount on child exploitation.
Only last week, we implemented the No. 1 recommendation of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, for mandatory reporting, and we have more to come.
This remains a Government priority.