With incidents up by 70% since 2015, the public are looking for leadership on knife crime.
Earlier this month, the Government would not support our plan, which includes broadening the ban on zombie knives to include ninja swords; an end-to-end review of online sales; and criminal penalties for tech execs who allow their platform to be used for illicit sales.
The Government rejected our plan, but what they have in place simply is not working, so we will push again during the remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill.
Will they accept it then?
The shadow Minister should be aware that according to the crime survey of England and Wales —the only reliable long-term indicator for volume crime trends, according to the Office for National Statistics—violent crime is down by 51% since 2010.
He asked about online knife sales.
He should be aware that when the Online Safety Act 2023 is fully in force, very strong action will be taken, for example against online marketplaces, and the illegal sale of knives online will become a priority offence under schedule 7.
He will also know that we are bringing forward legislation to ban a range of machetes and zombie-style knives.
We define them in relation to the features they have.
For example, knives over 7 inches in length with two cutting edges and serrations will be banned.
Those are just some of the measures we are taking, all of which have helped to bring down violent crime by 51% since 2010.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the Criminal Justice Bill on policing homelessness and rough sleeping.
The Government are committed to ending rough sleeping.
Huge amounts of money are being invested in getting people off the streets.
Rough sleeping levels in England are 35% lower than they were in 2017.
Criminal sanctions where rough sleeping is causing a problem, for example for businesses, are very much the last resort in the Criminal Justice Bill.
The first resort is giving people the support they need to find accommodation.
As I walked here today, I passed several rough sleepers in doorways and in tents.
The police already have the ability to move rough sleepers on under a number of different pieces of legislation, including the Public Order Act 1986, the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 and the Highways Act 1980.
Does the Minister understand my concern that what is suggested in the Criminal Justice Bill criminalises rough sleepers and does nothing to help them?
The police already have the powers but are failing to use them.
The powers in the pieces of legislation my hon.
Friend lists are not precisely the same as those in the Criminal Justice Bill.
The Bill does not criminalise rough sleeping in general; it criminalises particular types of rough sleeping when it causes a nuisance.
That said, as I have signalled privately to various hon.
Members, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , the Government are willing to look at the way those provisions are drafted, to ensure that they are tightly and narrowly drawn, because out intention is that the first stop will always be to offer support.
Criminal sanctions are appropriate only as a last resort if rough sleeping causes a serious problem, for example for businesses.
As drafted, the Bill is a new vagrancy Act with bells on.
Rough sleeping is up 75% since 2010.
Rather than criminalise people who happen to be rough sleeping, should we not provide support and build the houses they need?
As I said, my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities are providing extremely comprehensive packages of support.
Rough sleeping is down by 35% since 2017 and by 28% since before the pandemic in 2019.
The Government are willing to look at changes to make these provisions tightly defined and narrow.
The intention is to use criminal sanctions only as a last resort where rough sleeping is disrupting a business, for example, and preventing it from operating.
It is a last resort—the first resort will always be offering help and support.
What steps he is taking to reduce levels of legal migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce levels of legal migration.
On  4 December , the Government announced a package of new measures to further reduce net migration, including but not limited to stopping overseas care workers bringing family dependants, increasing the salary threshold for skilled worker visas to £38,700 and raising the minimum income requirement for family visas in stages to £38,700.
The changes are being introduced gradually from early 2024 and are not retrospective.