“ships of all States, whether coastal or land-locked, enjoy the right of innocent passage through the territorial sea”.
Since  19 October  the Houthis, aided and abetted by Iran, have launched a ruthless and reckless campaign of attacks against commercial shipping.
These attacks are not solely limited to commerce; our military vessels are also in the Houthi crosshairs.
The Royal Navy, the US Navy and most recently the French Navy have also been targets.
Vessels owned by Chinese and Bulgarian companies and crews from India, Sri Lanka and Syria have been targeted indiscriminately, making a mockery of Houthi claims that this is all about Israel.
From the outset we have been clear that this cannot carry on.
Freedom of navigation underpins not only our security but our prosperity.
Around 80% of traded goods are carried over the seas, as are about 90% of the goods arriving in the United Kingdom.
These necessities on which we depend arrive through a small number of critical waterways, so upholding these precious freedoms is essential for the preservation of life.
This Government are determined to help restore the tranquillity of the Red sea.
That is why the UK was one of the first members to join the US-led taskforce, Operation Prosperity Guardian, with HMS Richmond now taking over from HMS Diamond to patrol in the Red sea to help protect commercial shipping.
It is why we are working in tandem with the US and other allies to reduce the Houthis’ capacity to harm our security and economic interest, to limit their impact on the flow of humanitarian aid, to prevent further regional escalation, and to show Iran in no uncertain terms that we will push back against its destabilising behaviour.
On occasion, in response to specific threats and in line with international law and the principle of self-defence, we have tackled the Houthi threat head-on.
Since  11 January , we have conducted a number of precision strikes against Houthi targets.
In these previous rounds of strikes, RAF aircraft successfully struck some 32 targets at six different locations, including drone ground control stations as well as other facilities directly involved in the Houthis’ drone and missile attacks on shipping.
I am pleased to say that it remains the case that, to date, we have seen no evidence at all to indicate that the RAF strikes caused civilian casualties, and the UN has noted that it has observed no civilian impact arising from the RAF strikes.
Although we have eroded the Houthis’ capacity, their intent to prosecute indiscriminate attacks against innocent vessels remains undiminished.
Just last week, MV Rubymar—a Belize-flagged, British-registered cargo vessel—was targeted in the gulf of Aden near the Bab al-Mandab strait.
Hit by missiles, the crew were forced to abandon ship.
An oil slick, caused entirely by damage sustained in the Houthi attack, now stretches  many miles from the vessel.
On Thursday, the British-registered MV Islander was similarly targeted.
It was struck by two missiles, resulting in a fire on board.
Fortunately, there was no loss of life.
This all comes not long after two US-registered bulk carriers, MV Navis Fortuna and MV Sea Champion, suffered minor damage from Houthi strikes.
The attack on Sea Champion highlights the Houthis’ recklessness and near-sightedness, considering that Sea Champion has delivered humanitarian aid to Yemen 11 times in the past five years and was due to unload thousands of tonnes of much needed aid to the Yemeni people through the ports of Aden and Hodeidah.
The Houthis’ attack was, quite simply, callous.
As near-sighted as these attacks are, they continue to have serious and potentially long-term consequences across the region, as they cut off vital aid to civilians in Yemen and Syria, restrict crucial food imports to Djibouti and threaten significant impacts in Egypt.
Last time I spoke on this issue, I told the House that we will not hesitate to act again in self-defence.
We have given the Houthis ample opportunity to de-escalate, but once again, the Houthi zealots have ignored our repeated warnings.
As a result, we have once again taken action to defend ourselves against these intolerable attacks.
On Saturday night, a Royal Air Force package of four Typhoons, supported by two Voyager tankers, joined US forces in a deliberate strike against Houthi military facilities in Yemen that have been conducting missile and drone attacks on commercial shipping and coalition naval forces in the Bab al-Mandab strait, the southern Red sea and the gulf of Aden.
As the House knows, it was the fourth such operation to degrade the Houthi capabilities that are being used to threaten global trade in the Red sea.
Intelligence analysis indicates that the strikes were successful, and that the sites we attacked were being used by the long-range drones that the Houthis use for both reconnaissance and attack missions, including at a former surface-to-air missile battery site several miles north-east of Sana’a.
Our aircraft used Paveway IV precision-guided munitions against the drones and their launchers.
Assessment continues at this still early stage, but the analysis so far indicates that all eight RAF targets were successfully struck.
Three buildings were hit at the Bani military site, and five one-way attack drones are assessed to have been destroyed at the Sana’a military site.
On planning these strikes, as is normal practice for the RAF, operations were carried out meticulously, and consideration was given to minimising any risk of causing civilian casualties.
Assessments so far indicate that across the four sets of airstrikes, some 40 military targets have been hit, at seven different Houthi facilities.
I pay tribute to the immense skill and tireless dedication of the men and women who made that possible.
Once again, I would like to make it clear that military action is only one aspect of our approach to the crisis in the Red sea.
The whole international community has an interest in stopping these attacks, and we continue to work with it to turn that intent into action.
The Prime Minister has engaged regional leaders, including the Sultan of Oman, as well as G7 partners.
The Foreign Secretary and I have travelled repeatedly to the region in recent weeks to discuss regional security.
We are determined to end the illegal flow of arms to the Houthis, using  whatever levers are available, including enduring diplomatic engagement, and determined to continue to intercept illegal weapons and the shipping that helps to feed that supply.
We are cutting off the Houthis’ financial resources, to further degrade their capacity to conduct attacks; for example, jointly with the US, we are sanctioning four Houthi leaders, and we will continue to work with the US to cut the flow of Houthi funds.
Despite the best efforts of the Houthis, we also continue to provide humanitarian help to people in the middle east.
This year, we will send some £88 million of humanitarian support to Yemen, which will feed 100,000 Yeminis every month.
The UK has recently worked closely with our Jordanian partners to airdrop life-saving supplies directly to the Tal al-Hawa Hospital in northern Gaza.
The Houthis could stop this barbaric behaviour any time they want.
Instead, they callously choose to continue their reckless acts of aggression, causing harm not just to innocents, but to their own people in Yemen.
Until they stop, we will continue to act, but consensus continues to grow that the Houthis’ violations simply cannot continue.
That is why, recently, the European Union officially launched its Operation Aspides; Members will know that aspides meant “shield” in ancient Greek.
We very much welcome the commitment of our EU partners to joining in the work that has been going on, because no nation should ever be able to threaten the arteries of global commerce.
Thirty years ago, nations of the world all came together to protect innocent passage on our high seas.
Thirty years on, the House should be in no doubt whatsoever that we will continue to stand up for those rights, and do all that we can to defend life and limb of sailors everywhere, and to preserve their precious trading routes, on which we all depend.
I commend this statement to the House.