The Secretary of State will recall that, in handling this topic on  5 February , he strongly endorsed the suggestion that a lot of this trouble in the middle east was linked to tactics to divert from the war in Ukraine.
Given that the route from what is happening in Ukraine to what is happening in the middle east is via Russia and Iran, is he satisfied that there is no inconsistency between the tough line being taken by the Ministry of Defence against the Houthis and the soft line being taken by the Foreign Office against their Iranian sponsors?
I somewhat reject that characterisation.
To be absolutely clear, we are very much of the view that Iran is responsible; it funds, trains and provides equipment to the Houthis and many other Iranian-sponsored proxies in the region.
It is also the case that it has probably lost control of some of them.
It is important that we deliver those messages in many different ways to the Iranians.
I have seen the read-outs of the ways they have been delivered, including directly, by the Foreign Secretary—and they were anything but weak.
I put to the Secretary of State a similar question to the one that I put to the Prime Minister on  23 January : of course we want a diplomatic solution—any ramping up of a military solution has its consequences—but for how many more months are the Secretary of State and the Government going to allow this to continue?
Do the Government and the allies have a plan B?
Of course, the whole world is working on the overall context of the middle east.
I know the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the reports over the weekend about the discussions taking place in relation to the hostages.
We want a comprehensive settlement; the Government’s policy is, of course, a two-state solution.
The middle east could be normalised in many ways, including through Saudi normalisation with Israel, as part of that broader package; the Government are working proactively on this.
As I said, I am conscious that we should not link these thuggish pirates— indicated dissent.
I am not saying the hon.
Gentleman does that, but I am keen that we do not see the two issues as inextricably linked.
I accept that the hon.
Gentleman is not trying to do that.
We are working very hard on the wider solution.