Last week, Tell MAMA reported that anti-Muslim hate incidents have trebled.
That follows recent reports that antisemitic incidents have hit a record high.
We all must challenge all forms of threat, prejudice, racism and hate.
Having heard the words from the former deputy chair of the Conservative party of a Muslim Mayor, who said that his “mates” are Islamist extremists and that he has been taken over by “Islamists”, is any Home Office Minister now prepared to stand up and say not only that those words about the London Mayor are wrong, but that they believe they were Islamophobic and should be condemned as such?
Within 24 hours of those words being used, this Prime Minister took immediate action by removing the Whip from that individual.
If only all leaders of every political party were as quick to remove the Whip from those who spread hatred in our community.
As Rochdale sadly demonstrates, they are not.
I am sorry that the Minister, who I know takes issues seriously, chose not to respond to my question.
Rightly, on all sides of the House we have called out and condemned antisemitism, and we must continue to do so.
If Government Ministers cannot openly challenge Islamophobia, they play into the hands of extremists—both far right and Islamist.
The Minister will know that hate crime fuels extremism.
If the Government took any of this seriously, they would not have just ditched plans for a new hate crime strategy or left it nine years to update the countering extremism strategy.
Does he agree that it is not just their inability to say the words but their failure to act that is leaving our communities exposed?
I am sorry that the right hon.
Lady does not see the action as clearly as others in this House.
The Whip was removed immediately because anti-Muslim hatred is wrong.
There is no hierarchy in hatred or racism.
It is all wrong.
Anti-Muslim hatred is wrong.
The support that some have given to Islamist communities in our country is tragic and this Government will work against it.
That is exactly why we have proscribed Hizb ut-Tahrir—because we will work against hatred from whichever community, in whatever way it comes.
I understand that the Government are looking to further restrict the ability of sex offenders to change their name.
Should we not impose at least the same restrictions, or perhaps an outright ban, on those convicted of murder, because they can continue to be a threat to the families of those they murdered?
The Home Office explored whether a name-change ban should be extended to murderers and determined that the operational need did not exist.
Anyone convicted of murder automatically receives a life sentence.
If they are released from prison, they are managed by probation for the remainder of their life and they remain under an obligation to notify probation within 72 hours of any change of their name.
Should they fail to do so, they face immediate recall to prison and up to an extra five years behind bars.
So far, we feel that that is working adequately.
Next month, it will be four years since the publication of the cross-party Youth Violence Commission report, which recommended violence reduction units.
However, knife crime and serious violence are soaring across the country.
Does the Minister accept that his Government’s severe cuts to police numbers, which mean we are at the bottom of international ranking tables, is leaving our young people and communities without the protection they need?
Perhaps I have not said often enough in this Chamber that we now have record numbers of police officers across England and Wales, including in the Metropolitan police area, which has the highest number of police officers per capita of any police force in the country.
Despite that, I was disappointed to see in the recent figures published that, while across the rest of the country excluding London knife crime went down, on Sadiq Khan’s watch in London it went up.
In 2010, the period of service to be eligible for a police long service medal changed from 22 years to 20 years.
Sadly, no decision was made to award it retrospectively, meaning that people such as Sedgley resident Guy Hewlett, who served with distinction for 20 years, were excluded.
This seems to be fundamentally unfair.
Will the Home Secretary agree to look into that unfairness, as a simple remedy could be found to recognise officers who served for the minimum 20 years pre 2010?
Changes of this nature are generally not applied retrospectively.
I will look at that matter again.
Normally, when a length-of-service period has changed it applies prospectively rather than retrospectively, but I will look at the issue.
Last month, tragically, a young man was stabbed to death at Strawberry Hill station in my constituency.
The Minister will know that the key to tackling violent crime is intelligence-led community policing, but despite his previous answer we have seen police officers cut by a third since 2015 and regular abstractions from my constituency into central London.
When will the Minister ensure that my constituents have a visible policing presence again so they feel safe?
I am sure that is a question the hon.
Lady will be posing to London’s police and crime commissioner, Sadiq Khan, in the course of the upcoming mayoral election.
Thanks to Government funding, the Metropolitan police, in common with England and Wales, now has record police numbers.
In the case of the Met there are about 35,000, and in the rest of the country there are about 149,000.
In fact, not only does London have the highest per capita funding of any force in the country, it has the highest number of officers per capita of any force in the country, so Sadiq Khan really has no excuse at all.
Under the new changes, the minimum income threshold for family visas is being raised incrementally over the next year.
However, the only date we have been given so far for that threshold increase is  11 April 2024 .
For people like my constituents who are planning to get married and are making wedding plans, will the Minister set out when we will have further clarity and an update on the timetable for announcing the future thresholds?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and I recognise his desire for certainty.
What I can say is that we expect to complete the reform in early 2025, with further staging posts to come.
We are, of course, carefully monitoring the implementation through the period of delivering the initial increase.
It is right that we go about it in that incremental way to give certainty to people.
In Bristol, we have sadly seen a number of young people killed by knife crime in the last few weeks.
We have a Conservative police and crime commissioner, but unlike the Minister I have no desire to party politicise this.
What is he doing to work with the Department for Education to ensure schools are involved in trying to lead the fight against knife crime and young people getting involved, whether as victims or perpetrators?
The Youth Endowment Fund, led by Jon Yates, has received a £200 million endowment.
Its mission is to work with young people—and that includes working with schools in the way that the hon.
Lady has described —to identify the most effective interventions that could stop young people getting on to the wrong track, a track that can often have tragic consequences.
The youth endowment fund is working with violence reduction units in the 20 police force areas most affected, which are spending £55 million a year, to make the necessary interventions, for instance in schools, to keep our young people safe.
During a recent night out in Wrexham, where I am known as a nurse as well as the Member of Parliament, I was asked to help  police with a man who had collapsed.
As I was beginning cardiac resuscitation, the emergency call handler said that the first responder would be with us in an hour and 15 minutes.
Fortunately the man was stabilised, but then came the wait.
We are well used to the level of service provided by the Welsh Labour Government, but has the Minister made any assessment of how much time is lost by the police attending emergency services?