Yew Lodge hotel in the north-west Leicestershire village of Kegworth continues to accommodate 230 male illegal migrants.
How much longer will this blight be inflicted on my constituents by the Government?
The hon.
Gentleman makes no mention of the fact that one of the hotels in his constituency is being closed, but he might like to welcome that.
He should actually be backing the Government, because we are getting on with closing these hotels.
We are tracking ahead of profile in that regard, and we also have a credible plan to reduce the inflow of people crossing the channel by illegal means.
In respect of the projection of an antisemitic, terrorist-originating slogan on to the Big Ben tower last week, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner claims that he is powerless.
That is utter nonsense, Among other options, the police could use section 4A of the Public Order Act 1986, which refers to the use of “threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour” with “intent to cause…harassment, alarm or distress”.
It was behaviour, and it was insulting to Jews and many others.
The police could also have reasonably feared a breach of the peace, ordered the removal of the projection machine, and, if there was non-compliance, arrested the individual for obstructing a constable under the Police Act 1996.
I have personally prosecuted people for these offences.
Police who fail to do their duty can be disciplined for neglect of that duty.
Will the Minister act?
I am sure that all Members were horrified when those political statements, one of which, by implication, called for the destruction of Israel, were beamed on to the Big Ben tower.
It was totally unacceptable, and, incidentally, it was also a breach of planning law.
I do expect the police to take action; my right hon.
and learned Friend, a former Attorney General, has set out a number of grounds on which it could have been taken, and he can rest assured that I have forcefully communicated that to the commissioner already.
One of my constituents has been waiting for his asylum substantive interview for well over 18 months.
He sat for four hours waiting for an interview to start, but it was  then cancelled with no explanation.
There are clearly systemic issues, but can the Department look at this particular case so that it can be resolved?
I know that the hon.
Lady will welcome the improvements that we are making in the processing of asylum claims, which are reflected in the way in which the legacy backlog has been dealt with, but if she can give me some specific details, I will certainly ask the team to have a look at it as soon as possible.
May I thank my hon.
Friend for not only closing the four-star Newton Park asylum hotel at the beginning of February, but doing so 26 days early?
The villagers and the people who use the V3 bus service are extremely grateful for this exceptionally good practice.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work in representing the views of her constituents on this issue.
She firmly backs the Government’s plan, which is allowing us to get on with closing hotels such as the one in her constituency, and we will continue to make progress to deliver on our commitments.
Banking protocols clearly state that banks should contact the police when they detect fraud.
HSBC rightly prevented a vulnerable constituent of mine from conducting a bank transfer to fraudsters in South Africa.
However, owing to a failure to notify the police, the fraud continued, and as a result my constituent lost more than £32,000, transferred with the use of Apple gift cards.
What advice can the Minister give?
What recourse has my constituent to recover the money from HSBC?
If it had followed the protocols laid down, appropriate safeguards would have been put in place.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
Fraud is a blight on our society and leaves many people feeling vulnerable and extremely nervous about using online services and the wider economy.
I am delighted to say that fraud is already down by 13%, and there is more we are doing on this issue.
I urge his constituent to follow the advice of the advertising campaign we are launching, which is Stop!
Think Fraud.
This is a huge issue on which we are working with police forces around the country, which is why we have 400 new police officers in the national fraud service and the national fraud intelligence unit.
Last September my private Member’s Bill, which made public sexual harassment a criminal offence, received Royal Assent.
Will the Minister say when that Act of Parliament will be commenced and when guidance to police forces will be issued?