People who come here to work, study and live make a significant impact on Scotland’s economy and society, so reducing their number is entirely self-defeating.
Reunite Families UK has highlighted the disproportionate impact that Tory changes to visa income thresholds will have on women.
I have asked the Minister this before, and I have yet to have an answer: when will he publish the full equality impact assessment on this damaging policy?
We will publish the equality impact assessment associated with the policy in due course.
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that the Government’s position is clear that the current levels of net migration are not sustainable.
We need to take forward a set of policy measures that deal with that and that promote domestic employment wherever possible.
There is a strong moral case for the approach that we are taking.
None of the measures being applied is retrospective, but we are convinced that this is the right thing to do.
The British people think that action is needed, and action is what they are getting.
I spent a lot of time this weekend with members of the Glasgow branch of the Association of Ukrainians in Great Britain, which put on a major demonstration and a service in Glasgow cathedral at the weekend to mark two years since the escalation of Russian aggression in Ukraine.
The Government’s changes to the Ukraine scheme came with very little notice and caused a great deal of uncertainty and distress in that community.
Will the Minister tell me whether, for example,  a wife whose husband has been injured fighting on the frontline against Putin’s war machine will be able to sponsor her husband to come here under these restricted rules?
As we said when we debated this issue in the House last week, the Government are very proud of the amazing response from people across this country who have opened their homes to Ukrainian refugees.
There will continue to be an out-of-country route through the Homes for Ukraine scheme to facilitate people being able to come here from Ukraine.
Ukrainian refugees here in the UK will be able to extend their visas.
We gave that certainty way ahead of the curve, when compared with our international partners.
Ukrainian nationals who would have qualified under the Ukraine family scheme will still be able to apply under Homes for Ukraine.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of steps taken by his Department to tackle transnational repression by hostile states.