Order.
I remind Members that it is up to the Member who is on their feet whether they want to accept an intervention.
I have been very generous in giving way.
In a way I am not assisting my cause, because I know Government Members want to talk the Bill out.
I would rather see them take a stand on whether they are for or against the subjugation of sovereignty within the United Kingdom.
I am going to move on and deal with these issues.
The hon.
Member for Walthamstow referred to my taking a case to the Supreme Court.
Why would I not?
It is the Supreme Court of my United Kingdom.
Why would I not take a case to the Supreme Court and test the laws that relate?
I remind the House again that what the Supreme Court had to hold is that, because of the protocol so enthusiastically supported by Labour Members, Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom has been subjugated.
The Supreme Court held that the fundamental building block of article 6 of the Acts of Union is in suspension because of the import of the protocol.
Some tell us, “Well, we don’t want to face these issues.”
There is no option, we are told, because of the Belfast agreement.
I have even read and heard people say, “The Belfast agreement prohibits a border on the island of Ireland.”
I hold the agreement in my hand.
I have read it many times.
Perhaps someone could direct me: where in this document does it say that there cannot be a customs border on the island of Ireland?
Where is it?
It is not there!
We already have a currency border, a VAT border, a tax border.
Nowhere in the Belfast agreement does it say that you cannot have a customs border at the international boundary of the United Kingdom—nor should it.
And then I am told, “This would breach international law if you did not have the protocol.”
That is not correct either.
A fundamental premise of international law is respect for territorial integrity.
What have I been talking about for the last hour, if it has not been about respecting territorial integrity?
That is the fundamental premise of international law.
It all goes back to the General Assembly of the United Nations declaration on principles of international law.
What does it say?
It says that territorial integrity is key, and that the declaration constitutes the basic principles of international law.
It says: “Every state shall refrain from any action aimed at…disruption of the national unity or territorial integrity of any other state.”
If only that had been adhered to.
The declaration says: “Where obligations under international agreements are in conflict with the obligations of this charter, the obligations of this charter shall prevail.”
So the fundamental principle is respect for territorial integrity.
That is the governing principle of international law, so when an agreement comes into play that defies the fundamental requirement to respect territorial integrity, that agreement falls, not international law.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
No, I am going to make some progress.
I strongly refute the fallacy that to depart from the Windsor framework is to breach international law.
On the contrary, to perpetuate the infringement of our territorial integrity is to breach international law itself and, indeed, the Belfast agreement, which was built on consent, of which there has been none in respect of the  current arrangements.
The correct application of international law is to the effect that agreements that contradict the regulating principles, including respect for territorial integrity, are themselves the villains of the piece.
Having set out everything that is wrong, let me come to the solution.
The Government have always told us that we cannot conduct sanitary and phytosanitary checks away from the border.
It cannot be done, so we must have a border—in our case, in the Irish sea.
But this week a statutory instrument was laid before this House that does exactly that.
It does it for goods that come from the EU, via Northern Ireland, to GB.
It says that the goods can be checked wherever they arrive, such as at factories or other premises; they do not have to be checked at the border.
If we can do that for goods coming through Northern Ireland to GB, why can we not do it in reverse?
Of course we could check goods without tampering with sovereignty; we could do so anywhere within the territory of the United Kingdom.
It is not the impracticability of carrying out the necessary checks that is the problem; it is the fact that under the surrender of sovereignty it has been insisted that they are carried out in the Irish sea border.
That brings me to clauses 16 to 18 and the concept they would permit of mutual enforcement.
I readily accept that the clauses draw heavily on the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill 2022—which found the approval of the previous Parliament—but they are none the worse for that.
What they do is simple: they say that two respecting neighbours—that is what I hope the United Kingdom and the EU are—with the necessary trust between each other can operate a system where they mutually check the goods flowing through their territory to ensure they meet the standards of the recipient territory.
That is a fundamental tenet of much of international trade.
It is something that can be built upon in respect of this matter that the United Kingdom says, “Yes, we know the EU wants to protect, it tells us, its single market and, yes, we want to protect our single market, so we will undertake, by virtue of criminal sanction for those who do not, to check that goods flowing from our factories to your consumers, from our territory to your territory, meet the standards you set, and we expect you to do the same.”
That can be done without any of the paraphernalia that we presently have.
On this particular point, it is worth pointing out that the EU already does it.
In its agreements with New Zealand, for example, it trusts that specific veterinary practices to check lamb and other products arriving in the EU are done at the point of departure.
By the time they get to Rotterdam, they are cleared straight through on the basis that they respect the checks done by those veterinary companies.
They already did it for 40 years with UK companies where any subsequent checks had to be done.
All this is already being done.
The question is: why is it not being done for the arrangement we have at the moment?
I absolutely agree.
The fascinating point is the very concept was articulated from and originated within the EU itself.
During the early stages of the negotiations, Sir Jonathan Faull and academics Daniel Sarmiento and Joseph Weiler came up with that proposition.
It is not my proposition.
It is not a United Kingdom proposition.
It was an EU proposition.
They said the answer is mutual enforcement.
Today we have a statement from those three gentlemen, which has been made public.
It says, “On Friday of this week, the House of Commons will be debating a Bill which attempts to address some of the difficulties resulting from the Brexit divorce agreements between the EU and the UK, which might be of interest to readers.
In 2019, we proposed a solution which would have obviated any need for these complicated and divisive legal manoeuvres.
The UK and the EU could have respected each other’s positions and saved everyone a great deal of time and effort.
The Financial Times characterised the proposal as a ‘win-win solution’.
Regrettably, it was not followed.”
I echo that: regrettably, it was not followed.
Why was it not followed?
Because the politics took over.
Instead of looking for a workable, practical border solution, the politics of making the United Kingdom pay for leaving the EU took over.
That is how we got into this morass of a pernicious imposition through the border.
During the early stages of the negotiations, the permanent secretary of the then Brexit Department told the Select Committee that the Irish Government, before Leo Varadkar took over, were actually exploring those kinds of solutions.
The politics of the changeover in the Irish Republic and the willingness of Leo Varadkar to become the puppet of the EU in these negotiations stopped that method of looking at the border.
I fear that there is a lot of truth in that.
As I say, the politics took over.
A further truth is that for some—not all, but some—enthusiasts of the protocol arrangement of a nationalist or Irish republican persuasion, there is a political gain that subsumes all doubts that they might have as democrats.
For 30 years and more, the IRA terrorised through bomb and bullet to try to push the border to the Irish sea: “Brits out—push the border to the Irish sea!”
That is precisely what the protocol has done: it has pushed the border to the Irish sea.
Shame on you!
The hon.
Member may object from a sedentary position, but the challenge for her is whether her nationalism is more important to her than her democratic credentials.
rose— I will give way to the hon.
Member in a moment, because I have mentioned her.
How can the hon.
Member, who calls herself a Social Democratic and Labour Member, look her constituents in the eye and say, “I believe you are not worthy to have your laws made by those you elect: I would rather they were made by those you don’t elect”?
Is it because the nationalist reach of the protocol is more important than the democratic detriment of the protocol?
If the hon.
and learned Member wants to talk about constitutional change, perhaps he might set out for the Chamber the numbers and the level of support for the Union before and after he began his Brexit adventures.
He will know that I, as a democrat, constitutionally compromise every single day, because I am a democrat, I am an adult and I live in a constitutional reality that is not of my choosing.
I am an Irish person living, working and upholding democracy in the United Kingdom.
The hon.
and learned Member will also know that none of his arguments about democratic deficit stand in any way, when his campaign suppressed the Northern Ireland Assembly, the legitimate expression and place of primary lawmaking for Northern Ireland, and when he created an enormous health sea border in the Irish sea.
His adventures—his hobby horses—have created a scenario in which one third of the population of Northern Ireland is on a health waiting list.
I and others who do not like exactly the way our constitutional arrangements are made stand up every day and work to solve those problems; all he wants to do is create them.
It is his actions, in fact, that are inserting the dynamism in the question about constitutional change.
Every time he pulls a stunt like this, he drives more people to seek to get out of the control of men like him.
I, as a democrat, uphold democracy.
I accept the constitutional reality; I accept that we are members of the United Kingdom.
I am seeking to change that democratically, so he will never again question my commitment to democracy in Northern Ireland.
I acknowledge the hon.
Member’s speech, but let me say this: it is no stunt to ask, on behalf of my constituents, for what every other part of this United Kingdom has—the right to be ruled by laws we makes ourselves.
It is no stunt to ask for equal citizenship; it is no stunt to say that this United Kingdom—the clue is in the title—should not be partitioned by an international customs border.
Will the hon.
and learned Member give way?
I will when I have dealt with some other points.
That is an assault upon the sincerity and efficacy of those who dare to say, “If we are part of the United Kingdom, we need to be treated as part of the United Kingdom.”
The hon.
Member for Belfast South and Mid Down (Claire Hanna)  did not explain why she thinks it right to disenfranchise her constituents and to reject a workable and practical solution.
Those who reject a workable and practical solution are those who do not want such a solution in respect of the Irish border.
That was very clear from her intervention.
Several years ago, former Prime Minister Boris Johnson told us that there was an oven-ready deal.
That was clearly not the case, because we are still discussing this.
The hon.
and learned Member has mentioned mutual enforcement, but nowhere in the world does mutual enforcement happen wholesale under trading regulations between countries.
The only workable deal that has been struck was reached not by politics, but  through a pragmatic working out, and that is the Windsor framework.
Is he selling something that cannot actually work?
The mutual enforcement idea has been described by the EU Commission as magical thinking.
I remind the Minister that the magical thinking came from the EU itself, through Jonathan Faull and his colleagues, who made that very suggestion.
And why would what I suggest not work?
If the EU is our friend—if we trust it and it trusts us—why would it not trust us to keep our word on imposing its standards on our goods entering its territory?
If that does not work, then it is time to talk about alternatives, but that proposal should be the starting point.
There was the whimsical dismissal that it would not work, even though it has never been tried.
The really chilling thing about the Minister’s intervention is its subtext: “Suck it up, Northern Ireland.
You’re no longer a full part of the United Kingdom.
You will just live like a colony of the EU, under its laws in 300 areas.
We have no empathy and no desire to fix it; we will just leave you in that position.”
That is the chilling import of her intervention.
It may be helpful to remind the Minister that the EU’s own expert, Mr Lars Karlsson, said in his “Smart Border 2.0” report that with technology and good will, all these issues could be overcome.
However, the politics of Mr Varadkar and the EU overrode that.
That is absolutely right, and in Northern Ireland we suffer the consequences of those aggressive political agendas every day.
If the Government are saying, “This is fine; there is nothing to see here.
We don’t need to fix anything,” then they are not just insulting the intelligence of those of us who introduced the Bill, but saying to my constituents, “You can carry on being second-class citizens.”
The Government cannot say to my constituents, “You are equal citizens, but you will not be governed by British laws.”
That is what the Government are saying to my constituents in North Antrim and to people across Northern Ireland.
“You have equal citizenship, but some are more equal than others.
Some will be ruled by the laws that this Parliament makes, or by those that the devolved Assemblies make, but you will be ruled by laws that someone else makes for you, and be grateful for it.”
That is where we have got to on this issue.
It is not just insulting but frankly unacceptable for the people of Northern Ireland to be treated in this way.
Given the Government’s enthusiasm to maintain the unworkable status quo, they should reflect on the fact that there is about to be a new President of the United States who has made it very plain that he is in tariff mode.
If he carries through his tariffs, this United Kingdom Government will need a trade deal.
Why would a President of the United States do a trade deal with the United Kingdom if the UK has a back door that is open to the EU?
That is the consequence of this protocol.
We do not have a secure international trade border; the border with the EU is porous, and by all reports, Mr Trump is pretty adverse to the EU.
Why would he ever do a deal with the United Kingdom with that back door open?
Should this Government not take the opportunity presented by this Bill to say, “We will fix this arrangement, and then we can convince the Americans that we are a  safe and secure partner in a trade deal”?
So long as the protocol exists, we cannot give the United States of America that certainty.
It is in the national interest, the Government’s interest and our trading interest to fix this arrangement, so that we can pursue a trade deal with the Americans—who, at the end of the day, are our best friends in all this—on the best possible terms.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman has already outlined that there are 300 tightly bound areas where the EU influences Northern Irish legislation, but it sounds very much as if he is now suggesting that the United Kingdom should operate under whatever remit the President-elect of the United States chooses to set for us.
Policy is made here in Parliament, not in DC.
I only wish that the laws for Northern Ireland were made in this Parliament, or in our devolved institutions.
If the hon.
Member has been listening at all, surely he has understood that there are 300 vast areas—they are not self-contained; they are expanding, and have already been expanded—on which laws are made in a foreign Parliament.
That is the fundamental point.
If we want a trade deal with the United States, we have to show that it will be a bona fide trade deal with the United Kingdom, not with a surrogate of the EU through a back door that is wide open.
I note that the hon.
and learned Gentleman failed to answer the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast South and Mid Down (Claire Hanna) .
He talks about doing a deal with the United States of America on trade.
How could we possibly be taken seriously as a trade partner by any country in the world in future if we broke the deals that we already have on the table?
If the deal was reached under false pretences—if it was reached in breach of international law, because it breached respect for territorial integrity—yes, the first thing this Government should do is reverse that arrangement.
They should not continue with a deal that does not respect the territorial integrity of this United Kingdom.
That is the fundamental principle of international law, and if international law has been disregarded to get this arrangement, the arrangement is disreputable and not worthy of continuation.
That would be of more interest to our American friends than our saying, “We will make a deal that will sell out some of our own people—that will create circumstances where any trade deal we do will benefit the EU through the back door—but please, Mr President, make a deal with us.”
That will not happen, and the Government need to realise that.
Let me try to draw my remarks to a conclusion by turning to clause 19.
It seeks to reinstate the fundamental operating principle of the Belfast agreement, which is that every key decision in Northern Ireland, because of our divided and troubled past, should and must be made on a cross-community basis.
It is there in black and white in the agreement, yet next Tuesday, the most key decision that the Northern Ireland Assembly has ever taken will come before it without a need for it to have cross-community consent.
That decision will be on whether Northern Ireland should continue, in 300 areas  of law, to surrender its lawmaking powers to a foreign Parliament.
There is nothing more fundamental, either to Northern Ireland’s constitutional status or to the governance of the people of Northern Ireland, than that.
However, to ensure the desired outcome of that vote, a move was made to remove, especially for that vote, the cross-community requirement, so that for the first time in over 50 years we will have a majoritarian decision of considerable import taken in Northern Ireland.
That is a rigging of the arrangements of the Belfast agreement.
Strange as it might be, through this Bill, I am the one championing the requirements of the Belfast agreement by asking: if the modus operandi is to ensure cross-community support, why has the vote been rigged to remove cross-community support?
One might have thought that the hon.
Member for Belfast South and Mid Down would be the champion of the Belfast agreement, and would want to ensure that its fundamental operating principle of cross-community support was respected, but no: she and her party are cheerleading for the vote.
They brought the matter to the Assembly when the Executive failed to.
It is an important point—a point that cuts to the heart of the operation and stability of the Belfast agreement—that for the first time, a key decision is to be taken not on the prescribed cross-community basis, but on a majoritarian basis.
What does that say to me and my community?
It says, “You don’t really matter.
It is more important that we get this vote through.
Cross-community?
Ah, that was about protecting nationalism.
It was never about protecting Unionism.”
Well, sorry, but we are calling that in today.
We say, if it is good enough for nationalism, it should be good enough for Unionism.
Why are this Government and this House trying to say to Unionism in Northern Ireland, “You don’t matter on this issue.
We will railroad you”?
That is the fundamental point.
Is it not the hon.
and learned Member’s position that Brexit does not require cross-community consent?
In the eight elections since Brexit, the people of Northern Ireland have rejected Brexit.
However, he says that the protections require cross-community consent.
It is a case of consent for thee, but not for me.
Will he confirm that the inclusion of this provision means that he now supports the Good Friday agreement, 26 years after repudiating the will of 71% of the people?
Brexit was a national vote, decided for better or for worse on a national basis.
The people of London did not vote for Brexit, but no one is saying they should now be ruled by laws from Brussels.
The People of Northern Ireland by a small majority did not vote for Brexit, but Members are saying that we should be ruled by laws from Brussels.
That does not stack up.
I am simply calling in aid what the Belfast agreement says: the Belfast agreement says key decisions are cross-community.
Is anyone denying this is a key decision?
If so, why is it not a cross-community vote?