Let me begin by expressing thanks to all those who have contributed to this debate  so far—I am sure that there will be many more after me—and to  the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim (Jim Allister) .
He has set out his view to the House with the same ardour as he did a fortnight ago, although at greater length than he was allowed to in Westminster Hall, and he made his case during his time in Stormont as well.
It is important to restate to him what my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland said to this House a fortnight ago, which is that the Government want Northern Ireland to prosper and flourish as an important part of the Union.
On that, many of us will find agreement.
We are here to do what is best for the people of Northern Ireland.
I also reiterate the Government’s commitment to both the Windsor framework and to the UK internal market.
It was on that point that the Secretary of State respectfully disagreed with the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim in this House a fortnight ago.
I will set out the Government’s objection to this Bill, which is not compatible with international law, does not account for Northern Ireland’s unique circumstances, and would take away powers that are given to the Northern Ireland Assembly to make decisions about Northern Ireland.
It would result in a regulatory black hole that would be very bad for businesses, jobs, growth, the Northern Ireland economy and the rest of the United Kingdom.
I will start by outlining some of the good news for the Northern Ireland economy—news that shows what the Windsor framework, the prospect of stability, the Executive returning, and the stability of a new Labour Government are doing for the economic outlook in Northern Ireland.
The Northern Ireland composite economic index indicates that economic output increased by 0.4% over the quarter to June 2024 and by 2.3% over the year.
Ulster University’s economic policy centre shows that Northern Ireland has a forecasted growth rate of 1.4% in 2024 and 1.7% in 2025.
The region’s economy is performing better than was expected at the start of the year.
This has been driven by strong growth in employment, particularly in the transport, construction and health sectors.
The Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency’s interdepartmental business register shows that the number of businesses registered for VAT or pay-as-you-earn operating in Northern Ireland in 2022 is estimated to have risen by 1,550 since 2021 to 77,640, and is continuing to increase.
I could go on and on; I have a longer list of the good news stories for Northern Ireland.
The economy is working, but all the businesses I speak to talk about the need for stability, and the underlying premise of this Bill would change that stability.
We would go into uncertainty and chaos, which would not be good for the Northern Ireland economy.
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 1, Noes 49.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I begin by thanking my co-sponsors for their help and support with the Bill: the right hon.
Members for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith), for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson) and for East Antrim (Sammy Wilson), and the hon.
Members for Blackley and Middleton South (Graham Stringer), for Clacton (Nigel Farage), for South Antrim (Robin Swann), for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice), for Upper Bann (Carla Lockhart), for North Down (Alex Easton), for Strangford (Jim Shannon) and for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell).
I also wish to thank my own staff for their assistance during recent weeks, particularly Dr Dan Boucher, who has worked tirelessly on these matters.
I record my appreciation of international lawyer Mr Barney Reynolds for his help and guidance on many of the technical issues.
Since I came to this House in July, I have lost count of the number of times I have heard affirmations from the Government Benches about “fixing the foundations.”
Well, there is one foundation that most assuredly needs fixed, and that is the foundation that flows from the inequitable post-Brexit arrangements as they affect my part of the United Kingdom: Northern Ireland.
The foundations of this United Kingdom have been disturbed and dislodged by those arrangements.
The primary purpose of this Bill is, yes, to fix those foundations—to restore equilibrium to Northern Ireland’s place within the United Kingdom and to our relationship as a nation with the EU.
In fixing the foundations, we need to reflect on the most basic tenet of democracy, namely that a people should be governed by laws made by those they elect to make those laws.
That is so fundamental that we all presumably almost take it for granted, yet tragically and with great constitutional detriment, that is no longer the position in respect of Northern Ireland.
There are 300 areas of law where the right to make laws is not exercised in this House or in the devolved Assembly, but has been surrendered to the European Parliament.
That is such a momentous thing that it should cause anyone who values the fundamentals of democracy—who clings to the principle that a people are entitled to elect those who govern them and make their laws—to be ashamed that this situation has evolved.
It is not just a democratic deficit, but undemocratic plundering of the Northern Ireland statute book by the EU.
These are not incidental matters or trifling issues.
They are the laws that deal with customs, general trade, goods, motor vehicles, cosmetics, toys, electrical equipment, textiles, medical devices, pesticides, waste, and food hygiene, ingredients and marketing.
They cover 13 different areas of law dealing with food alone.
They are the laws that deal with disease and with animals—with the breeding, welfare and identification of animals.
Thirty-four different diktats of the EU govern all of that.
I appreciate the hon.
and learned Gentleman’s passion.
He also needs to be honest with this Chamber that the  laws he is talking about include human rights laws, and the basic, equal treatment of everybody in Northern Ireland.
His legislation would rip up the very foundation of democracy, which is that everybody is equal.
Does he not need to be honest with this Chamber that the 300 laws he is talking about include equal human rights?
I will be absolutely honest with this Chamber, and to be absolutely honest with this Chamber, the hon.
Lady is not addressing the issue as it emerges.
I will deal with the impact of article 2 of the protocol.
I want nothing more for my constituents than the same rights that the hon.
Lady’s constituents have, be they human rights, the right to make the laws of our land, or any other rights.
I ask for no privilege, but I certainly do not accept any detriment.
That is the point here.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman and I share a common concern, then.
My constituents in Walthamstow do benefit from the protection of their human rights, because we are still members of the European Court of Human Rights.
Indeed, equal access to those human rights is what the Good Friday agreement was based on.
The effect that his legislation would have on article 2 of the Windsor framework would breach those principles, so if it went through, would there not be less of a connection between constituents here in England and constituents in Northern Ireland?
I respectfully and utterly disagree.
As part of the United Kingdom, we are all subject to the Human Rights Act 1998.
The Human Rights Act is what fundamentally gives the hon.
Lady’s constituents the rights that they have in that sphere, and she would lose nothing by losing the control of the foreign court of the European Court of Justice.
I am listing examples of the 300 areas of law that have been purloined by the EU in its sovereignty grab over Northern Ireland.
I mentioned the 34 different diktats on animals.
We have even reached the point in Northern Ireland where, under these arrangements, our cattle can no longer bear a UK ear tag.
They now have to have a specified European Union ear tag.
That is but an illustration of how absurd and utterly wrong and offensive it is that the right to make the laws in our own country has been surrendered to a foreign power.
All those 300 areas are set forth in annex 2 of the protocol or, as it is now more kindly called, the Windsor framework.
Look at annex 2, look at the hundreds of laws—289 of them which now have been removed from the ambit of the lawmaking of this House or the lawmaking of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
It is amazing to look at the volume of law: there are 70 pages containing not the details of the law but simply the headings of the law.
That shows the extent to which the EU has its foot in the door in Northern Ireland.
Absolutely.
I printed them off a couple of months ago and I was staggered by how voluminous just the titles are.
It is not just 300 laws; it is 300 areas of law which have been surrendered.
I have a challenge for every Member of this House who comes from a different part of the United Kingdom from Northern Ireland—those who represent GB constituencies.
My challenge to them today is: “How would you feel if in 300 areas of law affecting your constituents, you had no input—you couldn’t change, you couldn’t move an amendment—because those laws were made colonial-like in a foreign Parliament by those elected not by your constituents but by the constituents of 27 other countries?”
How, I ask this House, could any democrat, any representative MP, say that is right and correct?