“The purpose of the Bill is to provide Ministers with the power to make changes to the operation of the Windsor Framework in domestic law, restore the cross-community imperative of the Belfast (Good Friday)
Agreement in respect of continuance of the Windsor Framework and to safeguard democracy, peace and stability in Northern Ireland.”
In my view, this is effectively a reincarnation of the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill 2022, which caused concern in so many quarters, domains and jurisdictions.
The Government of the time acknowledged that there would be non-performance of their international obligations out of necessity.
They said that they sought to reach a negotiated settlement with the European Union to forestall the need to invoke the concept of necessity.
The previous Government subsequently withdrew the Bill, because they believed they had secured the necessary conditions they sought, as set out in the UK-EU withdrawal agreement.
Therefore, the assertion on the use of the concept of necessity was never put to the test.
I, for one, am pleased that it was not.
If it had been, in my view and in the view of many others, we would have been on the road to perdition—there is no doubt about that.
As I have said, this Bill is another iteration of the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill that would take us back to June 2022 and, once again, put the country in danger of breaching its obligations under international law, notwithstanding what the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim said.
The idea that the Bill can invoke the concept of necessity as a reason for a breach is beguiling, but illusory.
Does the hon.
Member not accept that a fundamental element of the jurisprudence of international law in this area is the requirement that any such agreement must not infringe the territorial integrity of either state?
That, patently, has happened.
Is this not the fundamental flaw in the international law argument?
It falls at the first prerequisite: that the territorial integrity of the state with which the agreement is being made must not be infringed.
I do not want to go down that particular rabbit hole, but I will say this.
We have the sovereign base in Akrotiri, in Cyprus.
We negotiated that.
Is it a breach of the sovereign territory of Cyprus?
Is it somehow wrong?
We negotiated it, we agreed it, it exists and it is used, so I do not believe that it is a breach.
It is possible to negotiate a range of matters.
It could be said that an element of sovereignty is given away for a better, or a more comprehensive, capacity in another area.
What the hon.
Member seems to be saying is that if the United Kingdom decides to acquiesce in—indeed, support—the infringement of its own territorial integrity, that is all right.
If that is the basis, is it not all the more reason why the Government—a new Government—of the United Kingdom ought to address this humiliating concession?
I do not think it is a humiliating concession, but if it is a concession at all, I think it is an attempt, given the circumstances that we faced, to reach an agreement with trading partners in the light of the decision of the British people.
We live in a world where we do not get everything we want.
We live in a world where there is a little bit of give and a little bit of take, and sometimes we are able to give more than we take, and vice versa.
As I have said, however, I do not want to go down that rabbit hole, because I do not think it is necessarily the subject of today’s debate.
We touch on it, and it is pertinent, but I do not think it should dominate the whole debate.