There are human medicines, and there are veterinary medicines.
The vast swathe of veterinary medicines currently stand to be prohibited.
As for human medicines, there are some for diabetics that are still subject to difficulties.
rose— The hon.
Member was the Health Minister in Northern Ireland and knows all about that, so I will gladly give way to him.
On that point—I see that Members are smiling; I am quite concerned about the attitude to the issue of some of those on the other Benches—a serious piece of work has been done with the European Union on the subject of continuing the supply of human medicines to Northern Ireland.
The challenge is not in the legislation but in the fact that producers and suppliers must meet EU requirements for specific Northern Ireland labelling, which makes it not worth their while to supply items to Northern Ireland, with the result that some manufacturers are still not doing so.
The hon.
Member knows that from experience.
I want to make some progress, and to make one point very strongly: the economic consequences are dire for Northern Ireland.
We have heard much talk about the fantasy of a dual-access bonanza.
We have been told that Northern Ireland will become the Singapore of the west, that we now have unrivalled access to the UK market and to the EU market—consisting of 500 million people—and that everyone should be overwhelmed by the fantastic opportunity that this provides.
How wrong that has turned out to be, and for one very simple reason, already alluded to by the right hon.
Member for Belfast East.
We have heard the suggestion that inward investment will flow into Northern Ireland because of this dual market access, but it has not done so.
Invest Northern Ireland has had to admit that there has been no upturn—and why is that?
Because any benefit, if there is one, is countermanded by the fettering of the trade from Great Britain.
A manufacturer wishing to set up a business in Northern Ireland in order to have access to the EU market is bound to say to himself—because investors are intelligent people—“Where will I get my raw materials?
Oh, I will get them, as most do, from Great Britain.”
But then he will discover that those raw materials will have to pass through an international customs border, with all the regulation, all the delay and all the inspection, and the shine soon goes off that idea.
Far from being a bonanza, this has turned out to be anything
but.
I have already pointed out that the one sector that is flourishing is the service sector.
That does not just happen to be the case; it is able to flourish because it is outside the protocol.
And things will get worse: next  Friday, when the general product safety regulation comes into force, many small suppliers will simply stop supplying because of the bureaucratic burden that will be placed on them.
Already, in so many cases, when someone wants to buy an item online, this will pop up: “Not available in Northern Ireland.”
Why is that?
Because the small suppliers from Great Britain find it impossible to handle the burden of bureaucracy, so they are simply saying, “We are not supplying to Northern Ireland.”
That is hugely frustrating for so many people in Northern Ireland—including, I might say, Mrs Allister, who, like many a woman, wants to order things and then finds that they are not available in Northern Ireland.
How would hon.
Members from Great Britain feel if “not available in Scotland,” “not available in Wales” and “not available in England” constantly popped up?
Would they not be asking why?
And when they heard the answer, “It is something called the protocol,” why would they continue to be enthusiasts for the very thing that is blocking their consumers from getting the supplies they need?
This is a practical issue.
I commend the hon.
and learned Gentleman’s passion, but his problems are not unique.
Anywhere in the highlands and islands of Scotland, or even in peripheral parts of England, has the same delivery problems as he does.
Ours is not a delivery problem; ours is a bar on sending.
Ours is not just that it is too difficult; ours is that it is too difficult because of the international customs requirements.
That is the difference between us and the highlands and islands.
I am sure the highlands and islands do have that delivery problem, and I am sure that small businesses do shirk the desire to serve them, but in Northern Ireland it is for a more fundamental and compelling reason.
The frustrations that the hon.
and learned Member is talking about are surely a good argument for what the Government are trying to do in resetting the relationship between the UK and the EU.
Therefore, this Bill would only undermine the UK’s credibility in doing that with our international partners.
Does he agree that we need to remain focused on the issues going forward, rather than going over these points again?
This Bill is prospective in its tone and purpose.
It is about going forward.
It is about solving the problem that has been put upon us.
The hon.
Member says, “Oh, let’s reset.”
For some, of course, that means, “Let’s rejoin.”
That is a matter for those who are advocating for it, but it is certainly not where I would like to see this United Kingdom go.
Yes, we need to reset, but we need to reset on the basis that Brexit is for all, not just for some.
When we reset on that basis, the Government will not have me constantly raising these issues, because I will have the equal citizenship that has been denied to me and my constituents by these arrangements.
Fundamentally, this is an equal citizenship issue.
The thought that they are being treated differently, by being denied the equal citizenship of the rest of the United Kingdom, is quite appalling and insulting to many people in Northern Ireland.
Article 2 of the protocol has been mentioned in an intervention.
The Government said a couple of nights ago that they will appeal the findings in one of the cases in Northern Ireland, although, listening to the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, I think it is a pretty half-hearted appeal.
Article 2 shows us that it is not just about trade.
That was the initial selling point of the protocol, “Oh, it is only about trade,” but now we have discovered, through article 2, that it has a most pervasive effect on all sorts of things.
Legislation in the last Parliament has been overturned in its application in Northern Ireland.
Why?
Because of article 2.
Now, whether we liked or disliked the Rwanda Bill is not the point.
The point is that our High Court and Court of Appeal have ruled that the provisions of the Rwanda Bill cannot be operated in Northern Ireland.
Why?
Because of article 2.
Why is that?
Because article 2 subjects Northern Ireland to the EU’s human rights provisions, not the UK’s human rights provisions.
Protections that exist for asylum seekers under EU law therefore prevent the measures from operating.
It is not about the debate of the merits or de-merits; it is about the constitutional fact that a Bill of this House, the sovereign will of that time of this supposedly sovereign Parliament, could not be implemented in a part of the United Kingdom because of the supremacy of EU law.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
No, I will finish my point.
That is the fundamental issue here.
We also had it on the legacy Bill.
Again, it is not about the merits or the de-merits of the legacy Bill, much of which I abhorred; it is about the principle that our courts in this United Kingdom rule.
The provisions of this Parliament—the sovereign will of this Parliament—are overridden by the laws of a foreign jurisdiction.
That is the fundamental issue of sovereignty at stake here.
That is why clause 2 will address the import of article 2 by making it something that cannot be given effect in domestic law.