I agree absolutely.
We already see the consequences.
[Interruption.]
Again, this seems to be a matter of humour to some on the Government Benches.
Increasingly, we see that GB suppliers simply stop supplying, because they will not put themselves through the rigours of the customs code, documentary declarations and everything else.
It is very difficult for anyone trying to do business in Northern Ireland.
In the main, small and medium-sized businesses do not have the resources to employ the extra 10 staff that a big business might to meet the requirements of crossing the Irish sea border.
Small suppliers do not have the necessary resources, so they simply stop supplying Northern Ireland.
That feeds the continuing diversion of trade.
A report came out two days ago suggesting that Northern Ireland’s economy was going to be stronger than that of the rest of the UK.
Does that not have something to do with the Windsor framework, which is allowing businesses to invest in Northern Ireland?
Surely that is a good thing.
The hon.
Member might be interested to know that the growth area of the Northern Ireland economy is the services sector, which is the one sector not included by the protocol—it is outside all that.
The one sector that is outside the protocol is increasing.
There is a clear message in that.
I had not intended to intervene on the hon.
and learned Gentleman, but on that point, Invest Northern Ireland, the body charged with encouraging foreign direct investment into Northern Ireland and with growing our economy, cannot point to one example of business investing in Northern Ireland as a direct result of the Windsor framework.
Absolutely.
I will return to that.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
I will make some progress.
I will be as generous as I can with interventions, because I know that Government Members want to talk this Bill out—and, because they are not shame-faced enough, some of them want to vote against the principles of the Bill, but there we go.
The right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  makes an important point.
The reason why that point has traction is found in EU regulation 625 from 2017.
It determines that Northern Ireland is, according to our courts, for these purposes, EU territory.
We have had several legal cases in Northern Ireland, such as the Rooney case.
The judgment in that case established that the EU official controls on food and feed law, animal health, plant health and so on have to be in place because our High Court has ruled that under that applicable EU law, for regulatory and customs purposes, the entry point to the EU is the Northern Ireland ports.
Could it be any more Union-dismantling than that?
Under EU law, to which we are subject, the entry point to the EU is the ports of Northern Ireland.
Mr Justice Colton said that EU regulations must be interpreted according to EU law as a result of article 4.1 of the withdrawal agreement and article 13.2 of the protocol, which, he goes on to say, have domestic effect in the United Kingdom under section 7A the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
He said that under the withdrawal agreement it is at Northern Ireland ports that EU territory is entered.
He went on: “The UK is not to be treated as a unitary state for the purposes of OCR checks coming from GB into NI.”
Could it be any more stark that Northern Ireland has been colonised by the EU?
What is a colony?
It is a territory governed by someone else’s laws from a foreign jurisdiction.
When 300 areas of law—including customs, and including the very definition of Northern Ireland’s territory in trading terms—are governed by foreign EU laws, we have created a situation in which, in that context, Northern Ireland is a veritable colony.
There are many people in the House—the Government Benches opposite are populated by many of them—who boast of their anti-colonialism.
They constantly pride themselves on their anti-colonial heritage.
Yet here we have a part of this United Kingdom colonised  by EU law, to the point that we are told that when someone enters the ports of Northern Ireland, they enter EU territory.
I believe the European Union is our ally—it is 27 democracies—and I am concerned about some of the language I am hearing.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman talks of colonisation and surrender; is that the message we want to send to our 27 friends and allies in the European Union?
Maybe the hon.
Member could help me.
What would he call taking a territory and subjecting it to someone else’s laws?
What would he call it other than colonisation?
Is that not the very essence of what he and his colleagues wear as a badge of pride in their anti-colonialism?
Is that not what it is in name and in truth?
Does the hon.
and learned Gentleman remember that in the Brexit negotiations those so-called allies made it clear that the price of Brexit would be Northern Ireland’s removal from the United Kingdom?
Far from being allies, they declared themselves to want to be colonisers.
Yes, that was the boast of Mr Barnier and his staff: that the price of Brexit would be Northern Ireland—and so it has proved to be.
That may be something of indifference, or indeed pride, for some people in this House, but it should be a badge of shame that we allowed a part of the United Kingdom to be colonised by the EU, and that we have surrendered our rights to make our own laws.
For the record, is it the hon.
and learned Gentleman’s view that the 27 member states of the European Union are not our allies?
At least one Member has made that point, as has another next to him.
It is important to have this on the record for the House: does the hon.
and learned Gentleman believe the 27 member states of the European Union are allies of the United Kingdom, or not?
I certainly do.
The EU has behaved not as a friend to Northern Ireland.
The EU has behaved as a sovereignty grabber in respect of Northern Ireland.
That is where it caused, and continues to cause, the offence.
If hon.
Members think it is a good thing to back that up and endorse it, they obviously do not think very much of the territory of Northern Ireland.
We are moving slightly into the ridiculous; may I bring us back to the main point?
The purpose of the Bill that the hon.
and learned Gentleman has drafted is simply to provide a solution for what is currently an unworkable position.
I say to Government Members that it is not about 27 nations hating the UK; ultimately, it is about function.
Sir Jonathan Faull, who was the director general of the EU internal market service directorate, ended up as director general of the taskforce for strategic issues related to the UK referendum, and he and his team came to a simple conclusion: the only way to make the situation workable was to have, in essence, what is in the Bill.
He has put out a statement  today to say exactly that.
It is a practical issue, and those who knew and understood the difficulties at the time said there was a way to do this, but they were ignored.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Those of us who are looking for a solution are supporters of this Bill, because we cannot go on as we are.
Those who think that it is okay to subjugate part of their own territory are opposed to this Bill.
They are quite content with the colonisation of part of our territory.
In constitutional terms, where we have ended up is that Northern Ireland is no longer a full part of the United Kingdom.
Why?
It is because we are not our own masters in 300 areas of law and that a foreign jurisdiction makes those laws.
What does that create?
It creates what is called, in constitutional terms, a condominium: Northern Ireland is ruled in part by UK laws and in part by foreign laws.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy)  finds that hilarious—sorry, it is not hilarious to be subjected to that.
I find myself surprised to agree to an extent with the former leader of the Conservative party,  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) : we need to move away from some of the ridiculous, extreme language.
There is no reason why the European Union would want to colonise Northern Ireland.
Are we not talking about a sensible agreement that does not seek to impose sovereignty but instead seeks simply to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland, to safeguard the Good Friday agreement in all its dimensions and, at the same time, protect Northern Ireland’s place in the UK and in the UK internal market?
Should we not recognise that and stop using extreme language that does nothing to take the debate sensibly forward?
The whole purpose of this Bill is to restore equilibrium and to get us to a point at which we have a sensible relationship based upon mutual respect, not on the grabbing of the sovereignty, one from the other.
That is where we have got to.
The hon.
Member may not like to face up to it, but a whole raft of jurisprudence and lawmaking has been removed from within the reach of this United Kingdom and placed within the control of a foreign body, and that is not the basis for a sustainable solution.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
I have given way quite often, so I am going to make some progress.
That is why what I regard as the two liberation clauses in my Bill, clauses five and two, exist.
They are the clauses that will free the whole United Kingdom, and Northern Ireland in particular, from this malevolent situation in which a huge portion of our laws are made not by ourselves but by others.
That is very important.
I have spent a lot of time in this debate talking about the constitutional import of all this, and that is very important, because it is that which gives certainty and assurance to any part of this United Kingdom.
However, before I leave that issue, I remind the House that, because of the protocol arrangements, our Supreme  Court had to rule that article VI of our Acts of Union, which guaranteed unfettered trade access between and within all parts of the United Kingdom, stand in suspension.
There cannot be a higher authority than the Supreme Court to demonstrate that a key component of the very Acts of Union that makes this Union is in suspension, and if the cause of suspension is the protocol or the Windsor framework, then no one who believes in that Union should be sanguine or at ease with that.
There are also economic consequences.
Before Brexit, Northern Ireland had an economy that was very integrated with the rest of the United Kingdom.
It had the free, unfettered flow of goods one way and the other, as we had and would still have from Birmingham to London or Edinburgh.
We had exactly that.
The hon.
and learned Member mentioned certainty, and he has just mentioned the impact on the economy of Northern Ireland.
Does he agree that bringing in a Bill such as this, which would see regulations in Northern Ireland change in potentially just three months, would have a massive impact on businesses in Northern Ireland?
It would have a huge impact on the economy of Northern Ireland, and it is not what businesses need right now.
I can tell the hon.
Member that it is exactly what businesses need.
My constituency office is choked, from time to time, with businesses saying, “Why is it that I cannot get the goods I need without all this paperwork and bureaucracy?”
There are many small businesses in my constituency and elsewhere, such as small engineering businesses, which rely for their raw materials not on huge containers coming in, but on parcels of bolts and everyday materials, six, seven, eight or 12 of which come a week.
Come early next year, the Irish sea border is going to extend to a parcels border, and we are going to have a situation in which those businesses that rely on the daily arrival of a parcel of some raw materials from GB will be put through the red lane of this full-blown international customs border.
The hon.
Lady may think that that is good for business.
It is a death knell for businesses.
That is the problem that we have.
The economic consequences are severe.
Even with the Windsor framework, all our raw materials that feed all our manufacturing industry and that come from GB now have to pass through the red lane in a full international customs border.
Think of that—think of the effect on a business.
That is what is stifling, not growing, business.
In consequence, we have had trade diversion—of course we have.
We have veterinary medicines.
In the main, our veterinary medicines come from GB, and always have done, but now we face a cliff edge where, according to EU diktat, they can no longer come because we are subject to the veterinary requirements of the EU, not the United Kingdom.
Medicines that we have used safely and with no problems for decades are suddenly to be stopped.
The Government say that they will get a deal—well, let us see it.
Even the very thought that we have to go cap in hand to a foreign power to say, “Please could we have an arrangement where, from within our own country, we could bring our own medicines to another part of our own country?
Please could we do that?”, is so humiliating at a national level and so prejudicial to our farming community.