“I feel betrayed personally by the Northern Ireland Protocol, and it is also why the unionist population is so incensed at its imposition.
The protocol rips the very heart out of the agreement, which I and they believed safeguarded Northern Ireland as part of the United Kingdom and ensured that democracy not violence, threat of violence or outside interference, would or could ever change that.
Make no mistake about it, the protocol does not safeguard the Good Friday Agreement.
It demolishes its central premise by removing the assurance that democratic consent is needed to make any change to the status of Northern Ireland.
It embodies a number of constitutional changes that relate to Northern Ireland.”
The late Lord Trimble was absolutely right about that.
What is happening on Tuesday is an invitation to the Assembly, courtesy of the Government’s directive, to tear up the key central portion of the Belfast agreement on cross-community consent.
There is another point.
The hon.
and learned Member talks about the Good Friday agreement.
Why does his Bill not guarantee that the institutions of the agreement have powers, and why is he happy to put those with UK Government Ministers, unlike the existing arrangements under the Windsor framework?
My Bill is about seeking to restore democracy to the arrangements.
That is why I want to take back from Brussels control over our laws.
My Bill is a charter for democratic progress.
The present arrangements are the antithesis of democratic operation.
The hon.
and learned Member might not have supported the Good Friday agreement but does he not acknowledge that the agreement recognised the sovereignty of the United Kingdom in Northern Ireland?
It involved a changing of the constitution in the Republic to recognise the sovereignty of the UK in Northern Ireland for the first time.
It also recognised the reality and the existence of a border on the island of Ireland.
What he is doing is reinforcing the principles of the Good Friday agreement, which he himself might have opposed back in the day.
The core operating principle of the devolved institutions of Northern Ireland was that key issues have cross-community consent.
That is what has been ripped out for Tuesday.
I have yet to hear a rational, convincing explanation for that.
Maybe the Minister has one.
Why have we ripped out of the heart of the Belfast agreement the very thing that was supposed to give comfort to both sides—that neither side would get one over on them?
Why have we ripped that out of this agreement?
If the Minister wishes to tell me, I will gladly give way on that point.
There is even a further point about this vote on Tuesday.
Article 18.2 of the protocol says that the consent vote was to be “reached strictly in accordance with the unilateral declaration made by the United Kingdom” Government of October 2019.
I repeat: “strictly in accordance with”.
That unilateral declaration of October ’19 promised a public consultation before this vote.
It is there in black and white in the words of the declaration.
There has been no consultation.
So why are the Government inviting the Assembly to conduct a vote which breaches  the guidelines laid down by the protocol itself—that the consent vote should be strictly in accordance with that declaration?
That declaration included the promise of a public consultation, of which there has been none.
That is another question— Will the hon.
and learned Member give way?
I would rather give way to the Minister on that issue, but I hear no answer.
The House has been patient as I have laid out the arguments for the Bill.
I see the Bill as an opportunity to restore the equilibrium, which I hope to have demonstrated has been destroyed in these arrangements.
That is the democratic equilibrium, the equilibrium of equal citizenship, the equilibrium of Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom and the equilibrium of our relations with the EU.
All those are positives, all those are in the national interest, and all those are that which I believe should recommend themselves to the House.
I trust that the House will give favour to the Bill.
May I say that it is a delight to see you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker?
I thank  the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim (Jim Allister)  for giving the House the opportunity to debate the contents of his Bill, as set out in its 25 clauses, and the issues that surround it, which have clearly been the subject of consternation, to say the least, in some quarters.
I listened carefully to the many points and assertions that the hon.
and learned Gentleman made; no doubt everybody in the Chamber listened to them.
I do not underestimate the significance of the concerns—perceived, real or otherwise—that he and many others have in relation to the operation of the Windsor framework, which in effect was a successfully negotiated recalibration of the Northern Ireland protocol.
There is no doubt that all sides worked hard to achieve an agreement, given the obvious complexities, nuances and tensions that were bound to arise when the implementation of the decision to leave the European Union was made in the light of the 2016 referendum.
The detailed statement made by the most recent former Prime Minister, the response to it and the questions about it on  27 February 2023  set the tone, in my view—I think that is also the view of many other hon.
Members—for a genuine attempt on all sides of the negotiation to be as flexible as possible, given the circumstances.
I want to quote a few points from that debate.
The Prime Minister at the time said: “Today’s agreement has three equally important objectives: first, allowing trade to flow freely within our UK internal market; secondly, protecting Northern Ireland’s place in our Union”— we all agree with and recognise that— “and thirdly, safeguarding sovereignty and closing the democratic deficit.”—[Official
Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 570.]
He went on to take each of those in turn in more detail.
He later said: “Today’s agreement scraps 1,700 pages of EU law.”
—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 571.]
That has been referred to in the debate; I will return to that in due course.
He went on to say: “The EU has also explicitly accepted an important principle in the political declaration.
It is there in black and white that the treaty is subject to the Vienna convention.
This means that, unequivocally, the legal basis for the Windsor framework is in international law.”
—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 574.]
It is important to move on to the current Prime Minister, who was then the Leader of the Opposition.
He said: “This agreement will allow us to move forward as a country, rather than being locked in endless disputes with our allies.”—[Official
Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 577.]
Who would not agree with that statement?
We do not want to continue to be locked in endless battles and arguments with our allies.
It is worthwhile referring to  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , who said at the time: “My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister and his ministerial colleagues have strained every sinew these last weeks and months to arrive at today’s position.
They are to be congratulated.”—[Official
Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 582.]
That is important from the Conservative Benches.
The current Secretary of State for Northern Ireland said: “I congratulate the negotiators on this very significant achievement”, and it was an achievement.
Even  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  said: “I start by unreservedly congratulating my right hon.
Friend on what seems to be a spectacular negotiating success.”
—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 584.]
I am listening to my hon.
Friend’s speech with interest.
Does he agree that his contribution shows that there is space for fulsome debate and important democratic scrutiny of these things that affect our family of nations?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Many of us here today want to discuss this issue because it is crucial to our constituents not just in the short term, but in the longer term.
The former Member for Clwyd West said: “The Command Paper tells us that the framework, ‘narrows the range of EU rules applicable in Northern Ireland—to less than 3% overall by the EU’s own calculations’”.—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 605.]
The hon.
Member has recited what some might have thought were erudite contributions in support of these arrangements, apparently with the insinuation towards the end that we have considered this whole matter.
Have his friends not spent since July trying to undo the very things that the previous Government did on so many other matters, because they thought that they were wrong?
They were wrong on this, so should they not be trying to undo it?
I do not quite understand the hon.
and learned Member’s point.
Today, we are trying to tease out many of the issues and concerns that he, quite understandably, has raised, to try to understand them and maybe to reflect on them and, in future, give consideration to them through the process.
It is important that we are all here today listening to what he and other Members have to say.
Importantly, this House was charged, along with the Irish Government, to uphold the Good Friday agreement.
In any legislation that comes along, it is right and proper that we ask how to do that, alongside our colleagues across in Ireland.
This legislation touches on so many elements of that agreement, so today’s debate is also about us doing the important job that we pledged to do all those years ago, to improve and maintain peace and stability in Northern Ireland.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I would be the first to admit that we do not always get these things right—whoever does?
What we have to do is try, try and try again, and attempt to do our best in good faith.
I will come back to that in a moment.
The hon.
Member has quoted some of the comments that were made in this House, but does he accept that of the two people who negotiated the very things that he is referring to, and to whom those comments refer, one thought that he had signed up to an agreement for no paperwork?
He said that if there was any paperwork, people should simply tear it up, as it does not matter.
Does he accept that the other one negotiated an agreement whose EU version was totally different from the version that he gave to this House and the people of Northern Ireland?
Let us not fall back too much on the comments made about either of the two agreements of the time, because many were made either with a lack of knowledge or with hope that was not fully founded.
I understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments, and I am not going to challenge the integrity of the people who were part of that negotiation.
It is not for me to challenge their integrity: they are hon.
Members, and I believe that they did what they did with the best intention.
During the statement on  27 February , I believe that, on the whole, most comments were supportive, but I acknowledge and accept that some were not, such as those from the right hon.
Gentleman himself.
He made his views known, as did others.
I acknowledge that some of the Members who spoke during that statement are in the Chamber today and express disquiet.
I welcome the fact that they have taken their places on the Benches, but their disquiet and the disquiet of others must be set in the context of the following—namely, that the agreement, according to the Command Paper, which is important and which I referred to earlier, “narrows the range of EU rules applicable in Northern Ireland – to less than 3% overall by the EU’s own calculations.”
In any negotiation in the circumstances, coming away with that figure is not necessarily unreasonable.
Would a figure of 100% be the acid test?
Maybe it would, but I do not think so, given the circumstances—in practical terms, that is unlikely.
That is the nature of negotiation: otherwise, it would be called imposition.
We must recognise that those on the other side, who have their views, passions and commitment to their communities as well as their histories, have also been fraught with other people.
I will finish with this.
I do not accept the idea that some of our partners in the European Union—some of those eastern bloc European countries that were under the yoke of the Soviet Union as a coloniser—would  take the different view that they, in turn, were part of a group or cabal trying to impose a colonialist approach to another country.
How else would the hon.
Member describe a scenario in which a huge quota of laws are made in a foreign jurisdiction?
How else would he classify that than as colonialism?
I will touch on that a little later.
I wish I could understand—perhaps my hon.
Friend can help me out with this.
If, on the one hand, the European Union is a source of colonisation that has this disrespect towards the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, but, on the other hand, as part of a trade agreement we would simply trust each other to mutually enforce each other’s rules without any level of oversight, at what point do we start trusting these colonisers, as opposed to recognising that as part of an international trade treaty, we both have to stick to the same set of rules and see them upheld?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
At the end of the day, whether the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim
and I like it or not, and I do, they are allies in virtually the biggest trading area—in fact, it is the largest—in the world, but I accept that Members have concerns.
I am not trying to deny that, and I am not trying to demean them or push them under the carpet.
I also do not want to revisit the pre-referendum process.
It is unavailing at this stage to rehash or regurgitate the arguments, warnings, finger pointing, claims, vilifications, passions and tensions that at times dominated the debate in the lead-up to and during the last weeks of the referendum campaign, but the situation we face is a direct result and consequence of that decision—of that, in my view, there is no doubt.
I believe it is fair to say that personalities, rather than policies, often dominated the discussions and debates at the time.
I also believe that, at times, high-politics issues around sovereignty, self-determination and other factors came into play.
However, such matters are really symmetrical.
That is the nature of the democratic debate and of the democratic debate that we have in this country, for better or worse.
Does the hon.
Gentleman accept that one consequence is that we have a United Kingdom in part of which people have a second-class citizenship compared with the rest of the United Kingdom?
Does he have any solutions, other than the solution put forward by  the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim (Jim Allister)  in his brilliant Bill, as he brings intellectual rigour to try to address this intractable problem?
I think the fact that the hon.
Gentleman used the word “intractable” gives us a clue about how challenging it actually is.
When a country decides, for better or for worse, to withdraw from a treaty to which it has been a signatory for more than 50 years, issues are bound to arise.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Bill undermines not only the UK’s adherence to the Windsor framework, but the  security architecture that the Belfast agreement underpins?
The Belfast agreement is not just a peace settlement, but a cornerstone of our national security strategy.
By jeopardising our reputation as a trustworthy international partner, the Bill would weaken our ability to collaborate with allies on global security challenges.
Does he not agree that by maintaining the integrity of the agreement, we are safeguarding our national security and international standing?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We have to be very careful of the law of unintended consequences when we go down a particular path.
Issues are bound to arise that either no one thought about or thought would have significance outside of an abstract environment but subsequently became significant, or that were parked so that we could come back to them at a later date.
The reality, as we found throughout the whole post-referendum period—oven-ready this and oven-ready that—is that lots of things that were parked are coming back to bite.
The problem with that, as I said, is the law of unseen and ignored consequences—those things are waiting around the corner, and turn up like an uninvited and unwelcome guest in our house.
Please bear with me, Madam Deputy Speaker, on the potential unintended consequences of coming out of a treaty.
Imagine what would happen if we decided to abrogate the North Atlantic treaty—which, of course, no one would dream of doing.
We know there would certainly be huge consequences to such an action.
I suspect Members understand there would be pretty immediate and most probably predictable consequences to that.
However, it is sometimes the unpredictability of taking actions that comes back to haunt us.
The same could be said for other treaties, which may appear to be of little significance and consequence in the short term, but which might take on a whole new persona down the line.
I am not sure that many people would initially grasp the consequences of, say, breaching the Antarctic treaty, but there would be consequences in due course.
If we abrogate a treaty, or part of a treaty, it is unlikely that we can then somehow revisit it, change domestic law and expect other countries to accept that.
I will finish on this point, because it is important.
There are other treaties that we have to look to—I could go into detail on them, but I will not.
What about— [Interruption.]
Well, if Members insist.
How about the 1963 nuclear test ban treaty?
What would happen if we decided to tweak that a little bit through domestic law?
It would be dangerous.
Precisely—my hon.
Friend on the Front Bench says it would be dangerous, and it would be.
What about the key provisions of the outer space treaty?
What about the agreement establishing the European Bank for Reconstruction and Redevelopment?
On and on it goes.
Is the Belfast agreement not an international treaty subject to international law?
Is it okay to breach that agreement when it comes to its provision of every key decision being taken on a cross-community basis?
I suppose that is okay because it affects only Unionists.
The bottom line, in my view and that of many other people, is that it has not been breached.
I completely accept that the hon.
and learned Gentleman takes a different view, but I do not believe that it has been breached, and there are better legal brains than me who agree.
The Windsor framework was in turn realigned through the “Safeguarding the Union” paper of January 2024, which the hon.
and learned Gentleman referred to, and the Stormont brake mechanism and the provisions contained therein for the Northern Ireland Assembly to approach the UK Government in relation to the application of EU laws.
I read the Windsor framework time and time and time again, as I suspect all Members in this Chamber did.
North-south co-operation between institutions in Northern Ireland was a vital component of the Good Friday agreement, so I thank my hon.
Friend for making his point about treaties, because the Bill, which I have read, in clause 14 makes it possible to disapply protections in the Windsor framework for north-south co-operation.
Would my hon.
Friend reflect on why disapplying the role of north-south co-operation would be consistent with the intent of upholding the Good Friday agreement?
That is a relevant point for him to reflect on.
That is a really good point, and I am pleased we are having this debate, because these are the points we need to consider carefully when we look at these issues and figure them out.
It is an excellent point; I think we will all reflect on that, and I hope the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim and hon.
Gentleman across the Chamber reflect on it.
It is important to note that the protection of the Belfast agreement was paramount and that was there to reassure the communities of Northern Ireland.
I hope that this debate continues, notwithstanding some of the points that the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim made, so that people understand that we are here to reassure as much as we can.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will, but I first want to make a point about the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim.
I know that he holds views that are born out of real belief in, and commitment to, his constituents and the wider communities across the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and that is exactly the view that I take.
I hold views born out of a real belief in, and commitment to, my constituents, and every Member in this Chamber takes that approach.
Who am I to challenge their integrity on that?
I am not in any way going to attempt that, either from my side or to cast aspersions on the other side.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the 3% of EU laws that we have to obey.
Would the hon.
Member like his constituents to be unable to get drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and diabetes, as is the case in Northern Ireland?
Would his constituents like that?
The hon.
Gentleman can get veterinary drugs in his constituency that we cannot get.
Would he like that situation for his constituency?
Let us say that the  hon.
Gentleman had a dog and wanted to take it to his neighbouring constituency—would he like it if he needed to get a passport to come back?
Does he not think that this situation is unfair on us in Northern Ireland, as we are meant to be part of the United Kingdom?
The framework attempts to do that, and there is nothing, I suspect, that prevents those issues being teased out in more detail as time goes by, but at the end of the day, I do not live in a perfect world—I do not know about anybody else.
I have constituents, for example, who have been unable to get access to drugs, and that is nothing to do with this issue; it is to do with a whole range of matters that have developed over the past 14 years in relation to Government policy, but I do not want to go there.
I and other hon.
Members are trying to do the best we possibly can, given the circumstances we have inherited.
I know that might be cold comfort for some Members across the Chamber, but it is said with the best intent and with sincerity.
It is not to brush this matter aside; it is a recognition that there are challenges, but those challenges were bound to crop up given some of the points I raised earlier.
rose— rose— I will give way first to  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)
and then to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .