As I understand it, that issue is being negotiated.
I understand what the hon.
Gentleman says, but I do not accept the point he made about subjugation.
I do not think it is subjugation, and I will come to that.
I understand what the hon.
Gentleman is saying.
I respect the point he made, and I respect the views of his constituents, just as I respect the views of my constituents.
But it does not alter the fact that the negotiation is taking place.
As I said before—I will repeat it again—these things are never, ever symmetrical.
I know that the hon.
Member and others on the Government Benches have tried to make light of the use of the words “subjugation”, “colonisation” and everything else, but almost every week in this place, Members complain that Ministers do not come to this House to explain and elucidate on their policies, and that they are not prepared to be questioned on those policies, and quite rightly so.
If Ministers were able to do that continuously in this place, would Labour Members not be claiming that we did not have accountable Government, that we did not have a Government who respected democracy, and that they were subjugating the people who are affected by those laws?
I guarantee that no Members present would accept that from Ministers in this place, but they accept it in Northern Ireland.
In this place, we are enabled to ask these questions in a whole variety of different ways, including oral questions, written questions and meetings with Ministers.
They are still available right across the piece, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that.
Over a number years in this place, I have sometimes felt that I have not been listened to by the Government of the day.
That is what I believed.
[Interruption.]
I was often listened to by  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , who is on the Opposition Front Bench, and I completely accept that there were honourable exceptions.
But at the end of the day, we live in a democracy in which we can challenge time after time, and we have to be persistent.
I repeat that there are differences of opinion, but I respect them.
I hope that today’s debate is being conducted in an as open and transparent way as possible.
This is not the end of the matter.
Even if the Bill does not go through, the matter is not over.
Nobody is going to pretend that somehow we are all going to go our separate ways and no one is ever going to ask a question or challenge a Minister in the future.
This issue will come back time after time.
I know emotion has its place, but so do hard facts, statistics and evidence, and they have to be balanced against one another.
However, passion can sometimes lead to a febrile atmosphere that dominates, and we have to guard against that.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech, especially on the language we use.
In my maiden speech, I said that when I agree with a Member on the other side, I would say so in this House.
I call out  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton  (Rishi Sunak) , who I believe did a good thing with the Windsor framework.
After nearly 10 years of moving away from the European Union, he took a practical step that led to a serious improvement.
I want to put that on the record, because I think it is important.
This House often debates the most challenging and sensitive matters.
In this Chamber last Friday, we saw how a sensitive and intense debate based on conviction rather than dogma brings out the best in the House.
That is why I have been looking forward to this debate and to listening to the views of colleagues of all political persuasions, and I hope I have done that.
The hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim gave the House a heads-up on this Bill with his previous actions.
For example, the putative incompatibility of article 6 of the Acts of Union with the Belfast agreement was ruled out on all counts by the Supreme Court, as far as I am aware.
I am sure Members on both sides of the Chamber will recognise that engagement with this debate is done in good faith, even where there are differences of opinion.