I will be dealing with that, but the hon.
Member invites us to think that it is appropriate that those elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly should turn up on Tuesday of next week and vote to disenfranchise their own constituents—to say, “You, our constituents in Northern Ireland who sent us to the Northern Ireland Assembly, we are not worthy to make your laws.
We must bow to the superiority of a foreign Parliament, and we must surrender to that foreign Parliament the right to make these laws in hundreds of areas of law.”
The hon.
Member might think that is admirable and is the very epitome of democracy, but I happen to think it is the very opposite.
The Bill would create a democratic deficit that the hon.
and learned Member has already referred to, and the Windsor framework has addressed that with the Stormont brake, which allows the Northern Ireland Assembly to review all laws applied.
I respectfully suggest that the hon.
Member reads a little deeper.
She will discover that the Stormont brake is farcical.
The previous Member for North Antrim in this House aptly said it was like someone sitting in the back seat of a car and saying to the driver, “Would you ever be so kind as to pull the brake?”
That is what the Stormont brake is: a request to the British Government to pause the imposition of an EU law.
The British Government do not have to do it—there has been one request to date and nothing has happened about it—so it really is a fiction, and an insult to the democratic mandate of the people of Northern Ireland.
To continue the analogy, the Stormont brake has been described to me as rusty and not attached to anything.
And if we can pull it, nothing happens.
That is the value of it.
The most limp excuse that I hear for this plundering of the Northern Ireland statute book by the EU is, “Oh, international law requires this.”
Sorry?
What sort of international law says that a state must self-harm by disenfranchising its own voters?
There is no such international law.
I will deal later with the fundamental basics of international law and how they have been distorted in justification of these arrangements.
I commend the hon.
and learned Gentleman for bringing forward the Bill.
It is important for us in Northern Ireland and for this whole great United Kingdom to look at this.
Our constituents must not lose their place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland without consent, by stealth, but that is what is happening.
Brexit was a vote for all of us to leave Europe, not for Northern Ireland to leave the UK, and this outstanding matter is detrimental to our economy, peace and stability.
Does he agree that the Bill must be supported by all in the House if there is to be justice for all in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Member touches on a fundamental.
In June 2016, we all had the opportunity to vote on Brexit.
Some liked it and some did not, but the question on the ballot paper was: “Do you want the United Kingdom to leave the EU?”
The question was not: “Would you like GB to leave the EU, and leave Northern Ireland behind?”
But that is what we got.
That is a fundamental denial of Brexit to my constituents in Northern Ireland.
That is the source of the disparity, and undemocratic consequences have flowed from that.
I mentioned the 300 areas of law.
They are all recited in annex 2 of the protocol.
It is no surprise that the first area of law covered in annex 2 is customs, and that the first law put on the people of Northern Ireland is the EU’s customs code:
EU regulation 952/2013.
What does the customs code do?
It operates on the basis that GB—those who got Brexit—is no longer a part of the EU; it is, in the words of the customs code, a “third country”, or in common parlance a foreign country, whereas Northern Ireland is treated as EU territory.
Therefore we have this absurd insult under the customs code that goods coming to Northern Ireland—a supposed part of the United Kingdom—from GB must be subject to all the rigour of declarations, checks and reporting of data recording.
Why?
Because GB is treated as a foreign country when it sends its goods, particularly its raw materials, to my part of the United Kingdom.
That is the iniquitous effect of the Union partitioning and dividing the customs code and protocol.
Some Members seem to find that amusing.
If hon.
Members believe at all in the United Kingdom—maybe some do not—they should be as offended as I am by the fact that moving goods from one part of the United Kingdom to another involves an international customs border under the control of foreign law.
How could any MP—amused or otherwise—think that is right and equitable?
Perhaps the hon.
and learned Member would like to reflect on a proposal that I support—a veterinary agreement with the EU to reduce the checks on goods moving between Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
That would have to honour our commitments under the Windsor framework, if it was to come into effect.
The hon.
Member may wish to see the whole of the United Kingdom sucked back into the EU.
I want to see my part of the United Kingdom enabled to follow the rest of the United Kingdom properly out of the EU.
All this is for an international border over which the trade flow is infinitesimally small.
We have had diversion of trade since, but in 2020, 0.003% of all the goods  going into, and trade with, the EU passed from Northern Ireland to the Republic of Ireland.
Yet for that, we are building border posts at the cost of tens of millions of pounds, in the constituency of  the right hon.
Member for East Antrim (Sammy Wilson) , in Larne, Belfast and Warrenpoint.
As I will set out, there is another way.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman is talking with great passion about an issue that is really important to him, and that he has raised many times in this House.
He will accept that 2020 is not a representative year, because of the pandemic.
Also, although it might be a small part of trade within the EU, that trade with the wider EU is probably very important to traders in Northern Ireland, including those in his constituency.
Many businesses in my constituency are still struggling to come to terms with Brexit, and they envy the trading relationship that Northern Ireland has with the EU.
He must recognise that.
I will deal with that more fully, but for now I will say that the trade that matters the most to Northern Ireland is with our biggest partner, Great Britain.
That is the source of the overwhelming majority of our raw materials that keep our manufacturing industry going, but as a result of this pernicious Irish sea border, that trade is fettered.
All raw materials have to pass through the full ambit of an international customs border.
If the hon.
Member’s constituents envy the position of my constituents, they really need to reassess the situation, as does he.
It is nothing to envy.