My hon.
Friend is right that as well as building an energy system that will deliver generation capacity for the future, we need to work as fast as possible to reduce demand.
Part of that is about moving away from gas to heat pumps.
That is important not just for our energy system and climate, but for individual households in reducing their bills.
We already see a huge shift in the uptake of heat pumps across the country.
There is, of course, much more to do on that if we are to reach our target, but the Government are committed to that, and it is important for households right across the country.
I echo his points on insulation.
Those in fuel poverty are more likely to live in houses that are cold.
The more we can do to create warmer homes—that is what the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , is doing—the better for everyone.
Last week was the coldest week of the winter.
Also last week, 41.9% of our energy mix was gas and just about 25%  was wind.
We have heard about issues with gas storage, and the Government are penalising the oil and gas sector by extending the windfall tax, not allowing new licences, and removing investment allowances.
It feels like this Government are not taking our energy security seriously.
Can the Minister reassure the House that that is not the case, and that he will engage with our oil and gas companies to ensure that we are secure in our energy today, despite what they are trying to do for the future?
I can give that assurance.
Indeed, every month I have been in this job, I have been in Aberdeen, meeting oil and gas companies to discuss the issues.
We are not going to agree on everything, but I have been very clear that there will be a long future for oil and gas in the North sea.
Yes, we absolutely have said that we do not want to issue any new licences for new fields, but we will not revoke any existing licences.
That means that there will continue to be work in the North sea for a long time to come.
I repeat that it is categorically untrue that our electricity or gas supplies have been at risk over the past week.
We have robust systems in place, and they worked exactly as they should.
Consumers lost absolutely no supply over the last few days, nor will they in the weeks and months ahead.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests about my membership of the energy unions, GMB and Unite.
In 2017, the then energy Minister, the noble Lord Harrington, said: “the closure of Rough will not cause a problem with security.”—[Official
Report,  27 June 2017 ; Vol.
626, c. 446.]
Will the Minister confirm that the five wasted years that followed before Rough was reopened at reduced capacity continue to impose restraints on the network?
Will the Government take an open-minded approach to Centrica’s proposals to gradually convert that storage capacity to hydrogen?
These are commercial decisions for Centrica, although if it brings those decisions to us, we will of course look at them.
Let me reiterate that the UK has a robust set of storage facilities to ensure security of supply.
Rough is one of them, but at moments such as this, in the winter, it is not the most important, because it is the slowest to move gas into the system.
The remainder are in an entirely robust state and will continue to deliver, but as I have said, what it chooses to do with its site is a commercial matter for Centrica.
We have heard in the House today about an over-reliance on gas, but surely, in reality, it is an over-reliance on imported gas.
The forces of this Government seem to be driving us into the hands of foreign suppliers, and as much as 80% of our gas may be imported by 2030.
Should we not support domestic sources of oil and gas, and back the 200,000 industry jobs found in constituencies across the land, rather than pushing those people off a cliff?
I take issue with two of those points.
First, in the past decade, 100,000 jobs have already been lost from the oil and gas industry, and that happened  under a Government whom the hon.
Gentleman supported.
The industry is changing.
We are putting in place a robust set of plans to help the workforce into the jobs of the future, rather than burying our heads in the sand and pretending that the basin in the North sea is not super-mature.
Secondly, even if we were to extract more gas from our continental shelf, given that it is traded on an international market, and the pricing is set not by us but by the international market, we would continue to pay more for it, whether or not it came from the North sea, so that would not deal with the pricing issue reflected in the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
Did the Minister assume that after the Government had robbed pensioners of the winter fuel allowance, gas consumption would go down, or are this Government so obsessed with their net zero policy that they do not really care whether we have enough gas to meet our energy needs?
Does the Minister not realise that being reliant on foreign suppliers will push up fuel prices in the UK?
How does he justify the fact that under his net zero policy, the Government are ignoring the fact that we have 150 years-worth of gas naturally stored in the United Kingdom, and will not use it?
Let me repeat what I said a moment ago: even if we were to take much more gas from our continental shelf, it would still be traded on the international market.
The reason why the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents and mine still face a cost of living crisis is our exposure to petrostates and dictators around the world.
He would clearly like to expose us to them even more, and I think that the Conservatives would support him in that, but we want to get ourselves off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuels and deliver a clean power system that is cheaper in the long run and delivers energy security.
That is what is best for consumers, and for all our constituents.