When it comes to keeping children, especially girls, safe from violence and abuse, there has been a lot of talk about inquiries over the last week; indeed, some comments have been more constructive than others.
Inquiries can be a powerful tool for uncovering the truth about injustice, but they only reach their full potential when there is a duty of candour that requires public officials and authorities to co-operate fully.
The Government have committed to bringing that duty into force, so can the Minister and her colleagues commit to a timeline for introducing the Hillsborough law to Parliament?
The number of national public inquires that we have had—for example, into Hillsborough, for which nobody has been held accountable—shows the importance of the Hillsborough law and the duty of candour.
Obviously, we committed to it in our manifesto, and it will absolutely be introduced by this Government.
We will keep in touch about the timeline for that.
When she plans to bring the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 into force.
I commend the hon.
Gentleman’s work in bringing forward this legislation and reiterate the Government’s commitment to safeguarding rural communities.
We will implement the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, and we fully support its intention to tackle the theft and resale of high-value equipment, particularly for use in an agricultural setting.
I am grateful to the Minister for his kind words and to the Government for their support for what was my private Member’s Bill and is now the Act.
The commencement date for the Act was in January last year, but it requires a statutory instrument to be moved to bring it into full force.
When will that statutory instrument be moved?
Can he assure me that there is no delay because of the equipment manufacturers, who of course benefit massively from crime because they get to sell another one?
Let me reassure the hon.
Gentleman.
As he knows, the Act requires secondary legislation to take effect.
We are currently considering the views of those who may be affected by the legislation, but we intend that the regulations will be in place by the summer.
What steps she is taking to help tackle crime in Newcastle-under-Lyme constituency.
We are strengthening how we tackle crime throughout the country, including in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Our safer streets mission aims to halve knife crime and violence against women and girls and to restore confidence in the criminal justice system.
The Young Futures programme will divert young people from a life of crime and the neighbourhood policing guarantee will deliver an additional 13,000 neighbourhood policing roles.
Can I say how excellent it is to see the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , in her place on the Front Bench?
I have heard concerns from many constituents in recent days about the grooming of young people, particularly young women, and those are concerns that all of us in this House clearly share.
Given that only 6.9% of violent or sexual crimes in the west midlands were solved in the year ending June 2024, what steps are being taken to hold the thugs to account and to protect young people, particularly young women and girls in Newcastle-under-Lyme, so that they can live their lives safely?
I echo my hon.
Friend’s comments about my hon.
Friend the Safeguarding Minister.
On the point he raises, there is an interesting article in the papers today where the Minister is quoted as saying: “It is completely unacceptable that fewer and fewer violent and sexual crimes are being solved, with more victims being let down time and time again.”
I cannot think of a better champion to take forward the work to protect young women in particular than the Safeguarding Minister.
There will be wizardry in the way this question from Sir Julian is delivered.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Does the Minister accept that it would greatly assist the police to investigate crime in Newcastle-under-Lyme, and indeed elsewhere, if they were not spending an estimated 60,000 hours investigating and recording so-called non-crime hate incidents?