The hon.
Member will know that the PSNI takes this issue extremely seriously.
The issues of knife crime are devastating to families, and he is right to be deeply concerned about the increases we have seen.
Frankly, it is still far too easy for young people to get hold of knives.
That is why we asked Commander Stephen Clayman to conduct a detailed review of the online sale and delivery of knives, and we expect his report back shortly.
A nurse was stabbed in an emergency department in Oldham over the weekend.
Will the Home Secretary join me in condemning any attack on our health and social care workers, and especially the one at the weekend?
The hon.
Member makes an extremely important point.
Our public servants, particularly our nursing and medical staff, work to save lives, support people and help patients.
They do so trusting that the people who come to see them are asking for their help.
He is right to talk about the devastating attack at the Oldham hospital, and we are all thinking about the nurse and all those working in the hospital, as well as about the police investigation that I know is under way.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing to tackle antisocial behaviour.
The Government are committed to tackling antisocial behaviour and the harm and misery that we all know it causes in communities.
This is part of our safer streets mission that will introduce respect orders and put 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and special constables into neighbourhood policing roles so that each community has a visible presence and an accountable police team.
Last year, on average, at least three instances of antisocial behaviour per day were reported to Kent police in the city centre of Canterbury alone.
We have great beat officers who I know keep our city as safe as they can, but given that the economy of our historic UNESCO city relies so heavily on tourism, how will the Government work with Kent police to further tackle this issue so that residents, businesses and visitors feel safer?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point about how antisocial behaviour has to be tackled, particularly in areas where we have lots of tourists.
The neighbourhood policing guarantee is important because it will deliver an additional 13,000 police officers, PCSOs and specials in our town and city centres and in rural areas by the end of this Parliament.
In the provisional policing settlement, announced just before Christmas, there is £100 million to start the recruitment of the 13,000 police officers.
How will the Minister ensure that the safer streets mission is delivered in communities like mine in Southwark, where too often officers are extracted to police protests and the Met is divided between its neighbourhood and national policing roles?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the conflicting and competing interests in the Metropolitan police.
We have committed to putting police back on the beat through the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
A neighbourhood policing team will be in every area.
It will be out policing, with intelligence-led, visible patrols, and will ensure officers are protected from being deployed elsewhere.
That is part of the guarantee.
What progress her Department has made on closing asylum hotels.
The Government are committed to reducing hotel use through reform of the asylum system, including through streamlining asylum processing and establishing the Border Security Command to tackle people smuggling gangs at source.
Since the general election, there has been a net increase of six hotels in use, but nine are scheduled for closure by the end of March.
The Government’s new policy of smashing the gangs has enabled them to close seven asylum hotels, but unfortunately they have had to open another 14.
Will the Minister tell us when the number of asylum seekers in hotel accommodation will be lower than when she took office?
Because of the size of the backlog we inherited from the Conservative party and an asylum system in chaos, with tens of thousands of people in limbo and very little processing happening, the problem cannot be solved overnight.
However, we are working very hard to close hotels.
I just gave the hon.
Gentleman the figures: nine more hotels are scheduled to close by the end of March, and there has been a net increase of six, so by the end March there will be fewer.
The previous Government wasted a scandalous amount of public money on asylum accommodation.
For example, in Northeye, they paid double what the previous owners had paid, without checking that the building did not have asbestos and contaminated ground, and it could not be used.
Will the Minister commit to being more effective in providing value for public money, to ensure that taxpayers’ money is not wasted as we fix the asylum backlog?
I certainly will.
We should also remember the £60 million the Conservative party wasted on RAF Scampton and the £15 million on a derelict, asbestos-ridden former prison in Bexhill.
We will not take any lessons from Conservative Members about value for money in Government expenditure.
In the royal town of Sutton Coldfield, we understand that we must do our bit to help house asylum seekers, but the Ramada hotel on Penns Lane has always been the wrong place because it is too far away from inner-city Birmingham-based services.
Under the last Government, the facility was slated for closure, so will the Minister look urgently at winding it down and closing it as soon as possible?
It is our intention to close all asylum hotels as soon as possible, once we deal with the backlog that we inherited from the Conservative party.
Asylum accommodation hotels were once emergency measures but have now lasted several years because of the mess the Tories made of our asylum system.
Scrapping the Rwanda scheme and recommencing the processing of claims has led to a substantially lower backlog than we would have had if we had continued with the Tory policies, but there is still much more to do.
Will the Minister update the House on progress towards ending asylum hotel accommodation and cutting waiting times for asylum application decisions?
We inherited a system where very few decisions were being made.
We have ramped up decision making to over 11,000 decisions a month and we are dealing with the backlog, but backlogs cannot be abolished overnight, and there are also appeals backlogs.
We inherited a huge mess, but we are methodically getting through it.