The hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  is right to raise this important question about energy security.
Gas supplies are running low because of the unexpected cold snap over the past two weeks.
While those who can afford it have continued to use gas, the energy crisis has left energy prices skyrocketing and energy bills spiralling, with many having to make the decision between putting food on the table or staying warm.
That is the case for too many families in my constituency of South Cambridgeshire.
The shadow Minister accused the Government of playing fast and loose, but it is due to the decisions of the last Conservative Government that we find ourselves in this mess, with their reckless dither and delay over insulation and decarbonising our homes and the irresponsible decision around our gas storage capacity.
This is about overreliance on gas.
For too long— Order.
You are over time, so I am sure you are coming to the end.
I am.
What steps are the Government taking to reduce overreliance on gas by bringing in an emergency home upgrade scheme that will enable people to insulate and to keep their homes warm with heat pumps this winter, rather than waiting until spring?
I think the Minister has got the point.
The hon.
Lady is right; this is an incredibly important issue that gets to the heart of the fact we inherited from the previous Government not  just an economic mess but a series of policy decisions not made, and an energy system that needed us to take serious decisions quickly to build resilience for the future.
On the broader point about consumers, she will know that my hon.
Friend the Minister for consumers is doing a lot of work on exactly what the warmer homes scheme will look like, to ensure that people have as warm a home as possible.
She is right that at times such as this, the people in the poorest households struggle the most.
We are doing what we can to ensure that homes are insulated and, in the long term, to bring down bills.
The only way to do that is to deliver clean power by 2030—faster than the previous Government would ever have managed.
The shadow Minister comes to the House with no shame.
As has been referred to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sefton Central (Bill Esterson) , the shadow Minister’s party closed Rough in 2017, leaving us exposed.
I commend the Minister on taking urgent steps through our clean power mission to secure our energy system, and I urge him to ignore the political distractions of the Conservative party.
My hon.
Friend is right that this Government are moving as fast as possible to build a more resilient system to get the country off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuel markets.
The Conservatives seem to oppose that, but they have been on something of a journey in all these questions: they used to champion net zero and recognise that climate change was a clear and present danger to the world, but now they are drifting further away from that, looking for more extremist views on Twitter and elsewhere to crowdsource their policy.
We are getting on with building the energy system to bring down bills, deliver energy security and, yes, to deliver climate leadership.
The National Electricity System Operator issued a warning of a 1,700 MW shortfall at the evening peak.
It revised that down to barely more than 1,200, and it was running at one point with only 580 MW of margin.
How are the Government so complacent about this?
It is astonishing.
As someone who has followed the energy debate for the past 30 years or so, I warn the Minister that this is almost unprecedented.
For him to say that everything is absolutely fine is incredibly irresponsible, when his own Government’s policies are contributing to the tightness of the generating margin.
If the lights go out, will he resign?
That is the kind of extremist scaremongering that we have come to expect from the shadow Secretary of State on Twitter, but we are now hearing it in the House.
It is thoroughly irresponsible to use such language.
In my answer, I read the very clear view of the National Energy System Operator, which runs the system and is the expert.
I repeat it for the benefit of the House: “At no point were electricity supplies less than anticipated demand and our engineers were able to rebalance the system without the need to consider emergency measures.”
The shadow Minister and Back-Bench MPs can repeat the phrasing around blackouts all they like, but at no point was that a concern.
The reality is that while the  Conservatives are happy to throw around such phrases without any evidence, we are building the resilient system of the future, and we will get on with doing that.
In government, the Conservatives saw the closure of Rough and reduced gas storage.
In opposition, they oppose our proposals for clean power, and would see this country more reliant on volatile gas markets and higher energy prices.
Is it not the truth that the Conservatives want us more reliant on gas, with higher bills and more likelihood of blackouts, because they oppose our plans for clean power and tackling runaway and accelerating climate change?
The decision on whether to run gas storage sites is a commercial one for Centrica.
The storage site at Rough was closed between 2017 and 2022—hon.
Members may remember that that was when the “beast from the east” was attacking the country.
The previous Government will have to answer for the decisions that they made on that.
We are making it clear that the only way to build the energy system that we need in the long term is the clean power action plan.
The Conservatives used to support much of that but, increasingly, they have decided to walk away from it.
They will either keep us attached to the volatile fossil fuel markets, with all the price spikes that our constituents continue to pay the price of, or they will have to come up with an alternative plan.
We are getting on with doing the work.
Can I encourage the Minister to come out of combat mode for a second and consider a constructive proposal?
If we are not to become re-dependent on gas when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine, and we do not want to be dependent on foreign countries indefinitely, can he see a future role for modular nuclear reactors?
If I am in any kind of attack mode, it is because the Opposition do not seem to be dealing with reality, and I think it is important to correct that.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the future energy mix, as we outlined in the clean power action plan, will involve a range of technologies.
We outlined the range we would expect for each of those, and nuclear—in particular small modular reactors—will play an incredibly important part in that.
We are moving forward with the programme we inherited from the previous Government, which was yet another incomplete process.
We will make it happen as quickly as possible, and SMRs will play a key role in our energy mix.
Following on from a previous question, clearly, the previous Government did delay investing in and starting up more nuclear power opportunities and options.
What progress has been made since this Government came into power on plans to take forward nuclear power as part of our supply?
When?
Conservative Members ask, “When?” —they had 14 years in power, and in 14 years did not build a single new nuclear project.
The former Minister for nuclear,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire   and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , loves to shout about all the consultations that he launched, but he did not build a single new nuclear power station.
My hon.
Friend is right to make the point that we should move forward with nuclear—we want to see nuclear projects move forward as quickly as possible.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for nuclear is moving forward with two of the biggest projects, as well as the small modular reactor competition.
We are quite rightly going through a process to ensure that it is as robust as possible, but we will have more to say in due course.
Last Friday, I met Wales & West Utilities, which runs the gas grid in my constituency and beyond, where I heard that hydrogen is still a very viable option for home heating.
Although there have been a number of pilots, the Government have recently gone quite quiet on hydrogen in home heating.
Will the Minister update us on the steps he is taking to progress hydrogen for home heating?
The hon.
Lady raises the potential of hydrogen in our energy mix.
Of course, one of the real strengths of the gas network is that it can be changed into other things in the future; that is a real strength of what we have, and we are looking at what those options might be.
There is a mix of options available with hydrogen, including home heating, but it could still play a really key role in industrial projects, for example, in the shorter term.
We are looking at those projects.
We need to ensure that it is financially viable and that we have worked out all the technological details on how we would make it happen.
We will have more to say on that in due course.
My understanding is that these notices are issued at times of high demand, and that they are evidence of the system working in order to prevent power cuts or the system breaking down.
I would have thought the Conservatives would have learned their lesson from the spike in international gas prices that caused the crisis in people’s fuel bills and led to a cost of living crisis, but they have learned nothing from that.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree that this really underlines our policy of ensuring that we have a secure provision of renewable energy, which leaves us less open to spikes in prices on the international market?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is worth saying that electricity margin notices are not unexpected, particularly at this time of year.
They mean that there is enough generation available to meet demand, but that NESO would like to see a larger safety cushion; that is the important point for people to understand what margin notices are about.
The notice was cancelled, of course, because there was sufficient supply to ensure that cushion.
My hon.
Friend’s broader point is important.
We have outlined in great detail how we will deliver clean power by 2030.
The Conservatives now claim to oppose that; in fact, they oppose much of net zero full stop.
They will have to answer how they would deliver a secure and resilient energy system of the future that brings down bills and delivers on climate leadership.
I am unconvinced, to use parliamentary language, by the Minister’s reassurance that the lights did not almost go out last week.
I am also unconvinced by his saying that the system is robust and resilient.
This is the Minister who told electors in Scotland that energy bills would come down by £300 under this Government.
They have gone up, and will go up twice more.
Given the perilous gas storage situation—it is at 1%, compared to the 25% the EU enjoys—what steps will he take to de-stress the system by accelerating investment in long-duration energy storage?