I reassure the hon.
Lady that funding for the year 2025-26 for her police force will be £316.3 million, an increase of £80 million on the figures from this year.
I encourage all people who are victims of crime to report it.
We need that information so that the police can then make the required resources available.
In my constituency, fly-tipping on farms and private land and the targeted theft of heating oil are causing profound problems for families and businesses alike.
Will the Minister update me on progress to tackle rural crime, and will the Home Office consider setting up a rural taskforce, working across Departments, to tackle these issues?
I absolutely share my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the extent of rural crime, particularly fly-tipping.
Recent research shows that 80% of farmers say they are affected by fly-tipping.
I am particularly concerned about the targeted theft of heating oil from families and businesses at this time of year.
As I said, we will be strengthening neighbourhood policing and we will see more patrols in rural areas, which will help.
We will also have forthcoming legislation to provide the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs with the powers it needs to support local authorities in exercising new fly-tipping enforcement powers.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the effect that rural crime, particularly hare coursing and, as we have heard today, theft from farms and sheds, has on residents in Ely and East Cambridgeshire?
I am always very happy to meet hon.
Members.
The national wildlife crime unit has been doing some very good work, including overseeing the national police response to hare coursing and Operation Galileo, which has resulted in a 40% reduction in offences in that area, but I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
Right across the towns and villages I represent, people have seen, as the rural policing presence has declined, predictable increases in shoplifting, antisocial behaviour, farm break-ins and fly-tipping.
We cannot allow that to be tolerated.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that my local police have the resources and powers they need to take those crimes seriously?
The neighbourhood policing guarantee applies not just to towns and cities, of course, but to rural communities, so we will see a far greater police presence out and about in those communities.
The Home Office is currently working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on a rural and wildlife crime strategy, to crack down on some of the crime and disorder that has worsened in recent years.
What steps she is taking to support the police to tackle burglaries.
Burglary is a particularly invasive crime that has a profound impact on the security of individuals—as I know from personal experience—as well as on the wider community.
For too long a culture has been allowed to develop whereby victims of burglary and other crimes fear that even if they report what has happened, no one will come and nothing will be done.
That is the culture we are determined to tackle through our safer streets mission and our commitment to neighbourhood policing.
In my local authority area, 92% of burglaries went unsolved, with police failing to identify suspects—that is the worst figure for any community in the country—and in Surrey as a whole, 63% of burglaries were not even attended by police.
This has contributed to a decline in confidence in local policing among my constituents.
How, specifically, will the Government’s new police performance unit and their neighbourhood policing guarantee ensure that my constituents can feel safe in their homes, and will the Minister join my party in committing to a statutory burglary response guarantee to ensure that all domestic burglaries are attended by a police officer?
The police have made a commitment in England and Wales to attend the scene of every home burglary, so I am concerned by what the hon.
Lady has said about her local force.
The College of Policing has set out good practice for the investigation of burglaries, which should be followed by police forces, and which sets standards for what should be expected as well as explaining how best to deal with victims.
I am mindful of what she has said today and will write to her with details of what more can be done.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
This Government will treat violence against women and girls as the national emergency that it is, and later this year our new comprehensive violence against women and girls strategy will spell out how we plan to fulfil our unprecedented commitment to halve that violence.
In the interim, we have announced Raneem’s law, whereby domestic abuse specialists will be embedded in 999 control rooms, and we are working with police to develop a national framework to track and target high-harm offenders.
We are piloting new domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, and we have outlined new measures to protect women against stalking and spiking.
The entire country was appalled by the terrible crime of girls being groomed by gangs of older men, and outraged by the lack of action taken by authorities to help protect those victims.
It is about 10 years since these crimes first came to light.
Since then we have had the Jay inquiry, which has made 20 recommendations.
Will the Government commit to implementing all those recommendations, in full and at pace, to help protect future victims?