My constituent Majida and her three children are asylum seekers from Syria, living in one of the two asylum hotels in my Hazel Grove constituency.
They have been living in limbo for nine months as they wait for a decision on their asylum claim.
Like all Syrian asylum seekers, their applications have been temporarily paused following the fall of Assad.
Many in my community are keen to support those seeking asylum, but also very keen to see an end to the use of hotels.
The cost of housing families in that way is too high, both to the mental wellbeing of those living there and to the taxpayer.
What circumstances is the Minister waiting for to resume decision making on asylum applications from Syrians, and when does she expect that to happen?
The fall of the Assad regime was a welcome development, given that he was a tyrant, but 5,500 Syrian asylum seekers are currently in our system, many of whom fled the Assad regime.
Until Syria’s future becomes a little more settled, it is difficult to decide those claims, which is why both this country and most of Europe have had a temporary pause while the situation in Syria settles and develops.
I cannot tell the hon.
Lady exactly when decision making will resume.
All I can say is that we are keeping the matter under close observation.
As soon as there is any development in this area, we will ensure that the House knows about it.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of the Windrush scandal.
This Labour Government are determined to put right the appalling injustice suffered by members of the Windrush community.
We will ensure that those affected receive the compensation they deserve, and that cultural change is embedded permanently in the Home Office.
At the end of November 2024, over £100 million has been paid to individuals across almost 3,000 claims under the Windrush compensation scheme.
We have also re-established the Windrush unit to drive forward the action needed to ensure that what happened to the Windrush generation never happens again.
Members of the Windrush generation who struggle to submit compensation claims do not have access to legal aid, leaving them unable to navigate the complex process.
I have recently been contacted by a constituent who is struggling to navigate the claims process, and has no other support available to him.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle those barriers, and will she commit to providing additional support to ensure that every eligible individual can access the scheme, regardless of their capacity or circumstances?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are committed to making changes so that the scheme is accessible and so victims of the Windrush scandal are far better supported in applying for compensation.
It is why, in July, we brought in a single named caseworker approach to streamline the process, improve consistency and remove duplication, and it is why we announced £1.5 million of grant funding for organisations to provide extra support for applicants.
If she would like to meet to discuss her constituent’s case further, I would be happy to do so.
The Windrush scandal involved people coming to this country in good faith who were then falsely labelled as illegal immigrants.
One thing that the Minister could do to avoid such circumstances happening again is make it easier for people to come here through a reduction in the English language requirement.
Is that something that she would consider?
Our priority is to understand and learn from the events in the past and focus on the future by ensuring that the Department is inclusive and considers the impact of all its work on people from every background.
What estimate her Department has made of the potential impact of levels of net migration on future trends in the number of people who will be granted indefinite leave to remain.
The Government are committed to bringing down net migration after it hit record highs under the last Government.
We will do that by taking a different approach, linking skills and migration policy so that immigration is not used as an alternative to tackling workforce problems in the UK.
The Home Office publishes migrant journey analysis, which shows the proportion of migrants granted indefinite leave to remain over time, helping to inform on who might seek to remain in the UK in the long term.
The mass import of low-skilled workers could cost the taxpayer more than £61 billion—a financial ticking time bomb.
Will the Minister commit here and now to extending the qualifying period for indefinite leave to remain or bringing in new qualifying criteria?
The hon.
Gentleman would do well to hold his own side to account for their record on net migration.
The Government recognise and value the contribution that legal migration makes to our country.
There is always a place for overseas recruitment for firms looking to grow, but it must not be the first port of call, and we must ensure that our migration system is controlled, managed and fair.