What actions will the Home Secretary be taking following the news that eight UK companies and organisations have been deemed terror groups by the United Arab Emirates?
The UAE is an important international partner for the UK, but of course other countries have their own rules on designation and it would not be appropriate for the Government to comment on their processes.
I can say to the hon.
Member that extremism has no place in our society and that we work very closely with law enforcement, local communities and our international partners to tackle groups and any individuals who seek to sow division and hatred.
My deepest condolences go to the family and friends of 17-year-old Thomas Taylor, who was fatally stabbed in Bedford last week.
Bedfordshire has some of the highest knife crime rates in the country.
While I welcome the increased funding for the force and the progress made on tackling knife crime in the region, will the Secretary of State ensure that the special grants awarded to Bedfordshire police in recognition of the high level of serious and violent crimes in the region are maintained?
Will she outline what further steps are being taken to deter young people from carrying lethal weapons?
I think the thoughts of all of us will be with the family and friends of Thomas Taylor, who was a constituent of my hon.
Friend.
He is right to say that we need comprehensive work to prevent knife crime and to prevent young people from carrying knives in the first place, but also to make sure that there is swift action where crimes take place.
The National Crime Agency estimates that £100 billion of illicit funds flow through the UK yearly.
Despite the existence of the David Cameron-created unexplained wealth orders, only 11 orders in total have ever been issued, relating to four or five cases.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to stop these orders from becoming pointless, as they were under the Tories, because we cannot afford to use them?
Among many other things, the Government have appointed Baroness Hodge as the Government’s anti-corruption champion.
We will be working very closely with her and other ministerial colleagues to address the issue that my hon.
Friend has raised.
Can the Home Secretary confirm that none of her Ministers or officials engages with or is in touch with the Muslim Council of Britain, and that there is no correspondence between No. 10, the Home Office and other Departments about restoring ties with the organisation?
Yes, we can confirm that that is the case.
Several of my constituents in South Oxhey have unfortunately been the victims of burglary or attempted burglary.
Will the Home Secretary outline the measures her Department is taking to allow the police to invest in technologies such as live facial recognition, which can make crimes such as burglary easier to solve?
We are currently looking into whether there is a need for more regulation of live facial recognition, but I recognise that it is a very important tool to which the police should have access.
I am having a series of stakeholder meetings with various groups to discuss how we take this forward, but I do recognise how important the technology is and how it can be a really positive way of identifying people and solving crimes.
Can I place on the record my thanks to the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , who I know will ensure that this Government do more to tackle violence against women and girls than any other Government?
In doing so, will the Government amend the strategy to consider prostitution and other forms of commercial sexual exploitation as violence against women and girls?