I know that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the victims of the grooming and rape gangs.
Will the Home Secretary agree with the Labour Mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham and  the hon.
Member for Liverpool Walton (Dan Carden) —a Labour MP—that we need a proper national public inquiry?
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse report touched only on grooming gangs and covered only six of the towns affected.
Local inquiries such as the Manchester one that the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister referred to do not have the legal powers to compel the production of evidence, which is why the Manchester chairs resigned.
One Oldham victim, Jane, who was groomed and gang-raped at the age of 12, has called for a full national inquiry— Order.
Mr Philp, this is topicals.
You could have got this in earlier with a lengthier question.
The first part of your question was absolutely accurate, but you cannot just roll on at topicals or nobody else will get in.
These are horrendous crimes involving rape, sadistic violence and cruelty, exploitation, intimidation and coercion, so we need action, truth and accountability for those terrible crimes.
That is why we support further investigations, inquiries and action into child sexual exploitation and grooming gangs, including new action to get police reporting evidence on the scale of grooming gangs, including on ethnicity, which has still not been done.
The most important thing is to get more police investigations to get these criminals behind bars.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is untenable for the Government’s own anti-corruption Minister to be under investigation for benefiting from the proceeds of corruption?
Should she stand down while the investigation continues?
The right hon.
Member will know that the Minister has referred herself to the ministerial standards adviser, and that is the appropriate way for this to be addressed.
More broadly, we take seriously the full range of crimes that our country faces and will continue to work closely with the police always to take action against crime.
With a rise in disinformation and intimidation at home and interference from abroad, it has never been more important to stand up for our British democracy.
Will the Minister therefore give us an update on the defending democracy taskforce?
It is a top priority to protect our country and our elected representatives from interference, intimidation and harassment.
The defending democracy taskforce brings together a cross-Government response to these threats.
We will use all the tools at our disposal to protect our democratic security and resilience.
Last week, the Scottish Parliament passed a motion calling for action on immigration to address the needs of Scotland’s employers, communities and public services, with a particular reference to rural visa pilots.
As the Secretary of State knows, every sector in Scotland is crying out for Scottish solutions to distinct Scottish issues and problems.
What is her response to that democratically passed motion other than not being interested?
I will shortly be visiting Scotland to discuss these issues.
The hon.
Member will know that we will not be introducing a Scottish visa scheme or devolving control of immigration policy.
He will also know that the Migration Advisory Committee has found that labour market needs are similar across the UK.
It continues to engage at length with many UK stakeholders, including from Scotland.
The brilliant Adur Ukraine Support Association has raised concerns with me that the 18-month limit on the extension of Ukrainians’ permission to remain in the UK is causing issues in securing tenancies, jobs and undergraduate university courses, which last for a minimum of three years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that issue facing Ukrainians in my constituency?
The UK’s support for Ukraine remains steadfast.
The scheme will provide an additional 18 months’ temporary permission to Ukrainians here under one of the existing Ukraine schemes.
When a person’s Ukraine scheme leave expires during their course and they are granted further leave to remain—for example, on a student visa—they will continue to be able to complete their studies.
I will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
Dorset police operates across more than 1,000 square miles, yet under the current funding settlement it receives far less money than urban areas with similar crime rates operating over smaller geographies.
Will the Government commit to reviewing the funding settlement to ensure that rural areas such as West Dorset get a fairer settlement?
Of course, the hon.
Gentleman’s force area is getting more money in the settlement that was announced just before Christmas.
Clearly, we keep all formulas under consideration and, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, we are going to go through a police reform package and programme.
Finance will be part of that.
Under the last Government, my constituents had completely lost faith that foreign national offenders with no right to remain in this country would  be swiftly removed.
I am glad that, since the last election, our new Labour Government have enforced the return of over 2,500 foreign criminals, including serious and violent offenders—a 23% increase since last year.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that this Government will not be taking their foot off the gas and will continue taking strong action?
Yes.
Foreign nationals who commit offences and are sentenced to 12 months in prison have no right to be here, and I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will work tirelessly to ensure that they can be removed.
The 23% increase in six months is a good start, but we will not take our foot off the gas.
In my Oxfordshire constituency, residents are concerned about increased antisocial behaviour, particularly pickpocketing and shoplifting in our towns.
Given that the last Conservative Government cut the number of police community support officers in the Thames valley area by more than half since 2015, what steps will the Minister be taking to ensure that the police are able to improve community policing in Oxfordshire towns such as Wallingford, Wantage and Didcot?
We want to see an increase in neighbourhood policing right across the country.
That is why we set out £100 million as part of the police settlement for next year to kick-start and increase recruitment of neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs, alongside stronger powers to tackle neighbourhood crime.