Since the Government came to office, 23,000 illegal migrants have crossed the English channel—an increase of 29% compared with the same time last year.
Do the Government now accept the National Crime Agency’s advice that a deterrent like the Rwanda scheme, which they cancelled before it even started, is needed?
Last week, the Government were trumpeting their removals figures.
Will they honestly accept that only a tiny fraction of removals relate to people who arrived by small boat?
In fact, in their first three months, the removals amounted to only 5% of people who entered the UK by small boat.
Will the Minister accept that allowing 95% of small boat arrivals to stay is no deterrent at all?
The shadow Home Secretary appears to have forgotten what happened when he was in Government.
In fact, he will know that for the first six months of last year the numbers of those arriving on small boats was the highest for any six months on record.
He will know that the previous Government spent over £700 million on a failed Rwanda scheme that saw four volunteers go to Rwanda.
I will not take any lessons from the shadow Home Secretary.
The Conservatives should take responsibility for their record and apologise for it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Immigration asylum rules need to be respected and enforced, and for too long that has not happened.
Since the general election, we have ramped up removals for those who have no right to be in the United Kingdom, with 16,400 individuals successfully returned in the first six months of this Government—the highest level of returns over a six-month period since 2018.
Wider work to strengthen border security is under way, including the new sanctions regime announced by the Foreign Secretary to target smuggling gangs and new co-operation agreements, including with France, Germany, Italy, Iraq and beyond.
Because vile criminal smuggler gangs operate across borders, law enforcement needs to co-operate across borders, too, to bring them down.
Knife crime continues to have a devastating impact on all too many lives in Sheffield.
I recently chaired a roundtable in my constituency, which brought together local leaders, police, schools and voluntary organisations that are all on the frontline.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital to work together with key stakeholders so that we can build a collaborative approach to ending knife crime once and for all?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we have set up the coalition to tackle knife crime.
It is also why we have a knife-enabled robbery taskforce working with chief constables.
At local level, we have discussed setting out prevention partnerships—part of the Young Futures programme—so that all organisations can come together and be part of a mission to halve knife crime over the next 10 years.