The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking to ensure that the police have adequate resources to help tackle neighbourhood crime.
What steps she is taking to improve the effectiveness of community policing.
What discussions she has had with the Metropolitan police on the effectiveness of community policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
Before I respond, I am sure that the whole House will want to remember PC Rosie Prior, who was tragically killed on Saturday while helping at the scene of an accident, and Ryan Welford, who was also killed.
PC Prior’s death is a tragic reminder of the dedication and bravery that police officers show every single day to keep us safe.
All our thoughts are with her family, friends and colleagues at this difficult time.
As the Prime Minister announced last month in the “Plan for Change”, we are determined to restore neighbourhood policing and to put 13,000 additional police, police community support officers and special constables back on the beat.
I refer the House to my registered interests, and I echo the sentiments expressed by the Home Secretary.
Last year, the Leicestershire police panel raised serious concerns about being underfunded, having received a real-terms cut of 20% over the past 13 years.
Due to this funding crisis, the police simply do not have enough manpower for night-time patrols.
In the Clarendon Park area there has been a wave of burglaries in local businesses—the Christopher James Deli, Loros and Spice Bazzar are three of eight that have been smashed and grabbed over the past two months.
At the local crime summit that I arranged to discuss the situation, one owner, Jaskaran Dutta, said: “We do everything we can to survive in this incredibly difficult economic time.
All we ask is that the government supports us by improving policing and security”.
What is the Secretary of State doing to address these concerns?
Under the previous Conservative Government, neighbourhood policing was decimated.
The proportion of people who said that they never saw the police on the beat doubled.
They took police off the beat and did not put them back, which is why we are setting out a neighbourhood policing guarantee.
We have increased funding for police forces by £1 billion next year, including £100 million specifically to kickstart recruitment for neighbourhood policing.
A Carshalton resident had her car stolen from her driveway.
There is video footage of it, but the police just gave her a crime reference number and closed  the case.
Local businesses on Wallington high street tell me that organised shoplifters are acting with impunity.
The Home Secretary touched on recruitment being part of the solution, but what else can the Government do now to help my constituents feel safe?
The hon.
Member is right to talk about the deep frustration felt in communities, including local businesses and town centres, about not just the absence of neighbourhood policing, which we need to turn around, but the weakening of powers over the past 14 years on things such as shoplifting.
That is why we are introducing new respect orders and strengthening powers on shoplifting and assaults on shop workers.
We all know that well-resourced neighbourhood policing, with bobbies on the beat working in the community, is central not just to solving crime but to preventing it.
We saw some great results in Tooting just last year, with a special operation resulting in a 70% cut in crime.
Fourteen years of Tory government have decimated our local police teams, despite our brilliant London Mayor pulling out all the stops to bolster the numbers.
Will the Secretary of State pledge that our local communities will have properly resourced policing teams under the new Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of having neighbourhood policing teams working in communities with local residents and businesses, knowing the kinds of crimes and challenges that that area faces.
That is why we are determined not just to get neighbourhood police back on the beat, with funding in place to do so, but to ensure that, as part of a neighbourhood policing guarantee, the officers are not abstracted to deal with other things.
In 2022 the chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police was suspended for misconduct, and last November the interim chief constable was also suspended.
Now the deputy police and crime commissioner has also resigned.
Does the Home Secretary share my concerns about the leadership of Devon and Cornwall Police and the impact on neighbourhood policing morale, as well as the fact that the taxpayer is paying for three chief constables, two of whom have been suspended?
I am aware of the points that my hon.
Friend raises, and I do have concerns.
It is really important that all police forces can strengthen their neighbourhood policing and have strong leadership right through the police force.
We will set out a new police reform White Paper to ensure that measures are in place to strengthen leadership and standards across policing.