The Minister has several times mentioned energy security, and has said that the drive to net zero will make us more energy-secure, but now that Europe has learned the lesson of taking fossil fuels from Russia, we will take our renewable resources from China, which manufactures and processes the vast of majority of the materials needed.
What contingency plans has the Minister made in case China decides to get into a trade war with the UK on renewables, or to cut off supply?
The threats that could come from China are exactly the same as those that came from Russia about fossil fuels.
Let me say two things to the right hon.
Gentleman.
First, our approach to China is that we will co-operate when it is in our interest to do so, and will challenge when necessary.
That is the point that the Chancellor is making.
Secondly, the way to ensure that what he describes does not happen, and that we build as much as possible in this country, is to build an industrial base in this country and to bring clean power jobs to the UK.
The last Government failed to do that.
We are driving forward an industrial strategy that will ensure that the jobs that arise from the clean power plan that we designed are in this country.
The Opposition can either support that or oppose it.
This whole discussion underlines the importance of electricity storage, including at the battery energy storage system in my constituency, the Bredbury substation.
How can we encourage more communities to welcome BESSs to their area, perhaps by considering community benefits, such as district heat networks?
The hon.
Lady makes a really important point about energy storage in its various forms.
Battery storage technology is moving forward extraordinarily quickly, and the short duration that we can get from batteries is improving quite considerably, so batteries will have a key role to play.
Importantly, there is the potential for communities to drive some of that.
We have been really clear in our local power plan that we want communities to be in the driving seat as much as possible, so that they can secure community benefits.
We also want them to own some of the infrastructure.
In a few weeks’ time, I will visit a scheme in Scotland where the community would be able to own not just a battery storage project, but a wind turbine that fills the battery.
They would get a double benefit from the energy that they are generating and able to store.
We would like to see more such schemes right across the country.
I have a certain amount of sympathy for  the hon.
Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg) , whom the Minister slightly fobbed off with his answer.
Now that he has had a chance to calm down and check his notes, I will ask the question again on the hon.
Member’s behalf: what have the Government done to advance the case for nuclear energy since they took power?
That is a very good question.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving me a second chance to reiterate that we inherited a whole series of plans that were not delivered.
We have moved forward as quickly as possible to deliver significant projects, but we have also moved forward the competition on small modular reactors.
[Interruption.]
The shadow Minister says, “All you had to do was sign it off.”
Maybe he forgets the state in which he left some of his policies when he departed office.