I am also glad that the Government will continue with plans for a smokefree generation.
I know there are deeply held views on both sides of this issue, and I have deep respect for those—especially on my own Benches—who disagree with me on this question.
Measures that end access to products are never easy, but I believe that ensuring that our children can be the first generation that does not have to suffer the false choice between quitting smoking and not, because they will have never started, is a truly worthy aim.
It will make us a healthier, fairer country where people live longer and better lives.
The first duty of Government is the defence of the realm, and we are fortunate in our country to be protected by armed forces who are unrivalled in the world for their professionalism, bravery and skill.
I know the whole House will agree that they are truly the best of us.
Every month in my previous job, I became more concerned about the threats to our country’s security.
We live in an increasingly uncertain world.
We need greater investment in our military if we are to deter our enemies and defend our interests.
As I warned earlier this year, there is an axis of authoritarian states that are a threat to our values—freedom, democracy and the rule of law—and we must collectively stand up to them.
The world is more dangerous now than it has been at any time since the end of the cold war, so I urge the Prime Minister to commit to boosting defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2030.
If we lead the way on this issue, we can make 2.5% the new NATO benchmark for defence investment.
That is the single best way to strengthen the alliance.
It would show the Americans that we do not expect them to bear every burden, and would show President Putin that NATO is serious about bolstering its defences, and be the most effective way to deter further acts of Russian aggression.
In the past few years, there has been an impressive amount of consensus across the House on foreign policy—on the importance of supporting Ukraine, and on the centrality of NATO to our national defence.
In that spirit, I commend the Prime Minister for his work at the NATO summit, and I am glad that he and the Secretary of State for Defence have taken such rapid steps to demonstrate that, although the Government have changed, this country’s commitment to Ukraine’s security remains constant.
I also welcome the visit of  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy)  to the middle east.
It is of fundamental importance to this country that, as we make real progress towards a two-state solution, our friend and ally Israel has a right to defend itself and to live in peace.
Let me turn next to another crucial issue facing not just our country but the broader western world: illegal migration.
The fundamental question is what to do with people who arrive here illegally but cannot be returned to their home country.
Our approach was to send them to a safe third country; the Prime Minister was clear that he would scrap those plans, and I acknowledge that.
Our fear remains that without such a deterrent the country will end up having to accept that a large number of those who cross the channel illegally will end up remaining here.
How to prevent that is something that the Government, I know, will soon look to address.
When it comes to legal migration, I urge the Home Secretary to retain the measures that we implemented, which are forecast to halve net migration in the next 12 months.
If I may turn next to the economy, I understand well that the Chancellor is keen to paint as bleak a picture as possible, but I would gently point out that that is not exactly what the facts say.
With inflation at 2%, unemployment at 4% and the fastest growing economy in the G7 so far this year, the Labour party has inherited an economy that is already on an upward trajectory.
The Government have set out plans to strengthen the role of the Office for Budget Responsibility, and we will examine those proposals carefully, but the work of the OBR already means that Labour Members had the full details of the public finances when they set out their manifesto.
The OBR has rightly taken away from Governments the ability to make forecasts say what they want them to say, but that has also taken away from Oppositions coming into government the ability to say that they did not know the true state of the public finances.
As Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said: “The books are wide open, fully transparent.”
In his words, trying to pretend that things are worse than expected “really won’t wash”.
Labour Members promised no tax rises on working people and no plans for tax rises beyond what is in their manifesto in full knowledge of the public finances.
It would be difficult for them to claim that things are worse than they thought and then renege on those pledges, and we will hold the Government to their promises come the Budget.
I note the plans for new employment legislation.
In this country, our unemployment rate is far lower than the European average, and that is thanks in part to our flexible labour market.
I urge Labour not to impose new burdens on businesses.
Business leaders themselves  have warned of the unintended consequences of those plans—that they could lead to firms being less likely to invest and less likely to hire, so increasing unemployment in the long term.
I further note the Government’s desire to impose new, potentially rigid legislation on technologies such as artificial intelligence.
We are third only to the US and China in the size of our fast-growing technology sector, and we lead the world when it comes to AI safety.
We should all in this House be careful not to endanger this country’s leading position in this field, which will drive growth and prosperity for decades to come.
Although today’s King’s Speech contained a slew of Bills, what was missing was a concrete plan to tackle the unsustainable post-covid rise in the welfare bill.
Without action, the cost of providing benefits to the working-age population with a disability or health condition will rise to £90 billion—more than we spend on our national defence, schools or policing.
That is not only unsustainable, but unfair to taxpayers.
That is why in government we had laid out a plan to reduce the welfare bill significantly, but crucially to support all those who could do so to go back into work.
I hope the Government look at those proposals when they have the time to study them in detail.
On the Conservative Benches we will continue to advocate for a welfare system that is compassionate and fair to those who need it, but fair too to those who pay for it.
The Government have set out plans to change the planning system.
We will of course study those thoroughly as well, as we all wish to see more homes built and the planning process speeded up.
However, I would say that a system that does not allow local people to have a say will damage public consent for more housing in the long term.
I regret that there was no mention in the King’s Speech of farming and rural communities, much like my own, but I hope in time that the Government will bring forward proposals.
Turning to net zero, this country has decarbonised quicker than any other major country, and we have managed to do that while growing the economy.
As a country and across this whole House, I know we will all be proud of that achievement.
The Government plan to decarbonise the grid by 2030, but there is a real danger that, if the Government put the speed of doing that ahead of family finances and our energy security, we will again lose public consent for the measures necessary to ensure that we actually reach our 2050 net zero target —a target on which there is genuine consensus between our two parties.
As even one of the Prime Minister’s own supporters has warned, this 2030 plan “just means we have to import our energy.
Strategically we become more vulnerable.
We pay more money for our energy.”
I hope that the Energy Secretary reflects on those thoughts.
Lastly, the Government have set out plans for reforms to the other place.
Looking at the Government Benches, there can be no doubt about their ability to get them through this House, but the effects of the changes will last long beyond this Parliament and long beyond our tenures in these jobs.
I would suggest that, when it comes to constitutional reform, it would be good to proceed on a cross-party basis, rather than to use a simple majority in this House to push things through.
That consensus should include the Cross Benchers, whose convenor would be removed by the Government’s proposals.
I also suspect that the public would prefer the Government to prioritise practical, real-world issues over constitutional wrangling.
However, I welcome the news that the Government have paused their plan to force Members of the other place to retire at 80.
That proposal always felt like it would be a blunt instrument.
Indeed, in the Dissolution honours, the Prime Minister nominated, rightly, the former right hon.
Member for Derby South, who will be a strong addition to the other place, despite the right hon.
Lady being already over the retirement age that the Labour manifesto proposed.
Let me close by saying that we of course recognise that the British people have entrusted the Labour party with the task of governing our country.
On our side of the House, we will fulfil our duties, as the loyal Opposition, professionally and effectively.
Across this House, we are all, first and foremost, patriots.
We all wish to see our country and our people flourish and succeed.
In that spirit, I wish the new Prime Minister and the new Government well.
I now call the Prime Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I join the Leader of the Opposition in his tribute to His Majesty the King.
It is so heartening to see him in his rightful place, delivering the Gracious Speech.
I am sure that the whole House will not mind once again wishing him a speedy recovery.
I also join the right hon.
Gentleman in wishing Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday.
We also wish President Trump a speedy recovery from the appalling attempt on his life at the weekend.
I spoke with President Trump on Sunday night, to pass on our best wishes and also to share our revulsion at the senseless violence which has no place in democracy.
The last time that we debated the Loyal Address and I stood at the Opposition Dispatch Box, I could see for the first time the then new plaque, now behind me, commemorating the memory of Sir David Amess.
I know how hard that loss was for Conservative Members.
Now, standing on this side of the House, I can see for the first time, in front of me, the plaque to our dear friend Jo Cox, with her words that catch the air of this Chamber even more at a moment like this: “More in Common”.
While our thoughts at this time are of course with President Trump and the American people, we cannot think that this is something that only happens elsewhere.
We must heed the words of President Biden to lower the temperature of our democracy, work across our disagreements and find each other’s common decency.
I congratulate the England football team on their achievements in the Euros, which the Leader of the Opposition and I were talking about this morning.
Yes, the trophy eluded us again, but the team can be proud of another exceptional performance—something I am sure the whole House would be only too pleased to recognise.
We pay tribute to Gareth Southgate, who shouldered the burden of national leadership with such dignity.
This Government have been elected to deliver nothing less than national renewal, to stop the chaos of the past 14 years, turn the page on an era of politics as noisy  performance, and return it to public service and start the work of rebuilding our country—a determined rebuilding, a patient rebuilding, a calm rebuilding.
It is a rejection, in this complicated and volatile world, of those who can only offer the easy answer, the snake oil charm of populism.
As the past 14 years have shown, that road is a dead end for this country.
It does nothing to fix our foundations, and the British people have rejected it, as they have throughout our history.
What people really want is change, and change is what this Government of service will deliver: a King’s Speech that takes the brakes off our economy and shows to the British people that politics can be a force for good; the vehicle for improving the lives of millions, no matter who they voted for.
This is a day when we get on with the serious business of government, yet a House with no time for levity would go against the grain of our traditions, so it was fantastic to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  in such fine fettle today when he proposed the Humble Address.
He spoke with great passion, as he always does, for his constituency, which is famous, as he mentioned, for the Antony Gormley sculptures on Crosby beach.
That work of art is entitled “Another Place”: a collection of gently rusting figures for whom the tide is perpetually coming in—a solid grounding should my hon.
Friend ever consider a career in the other place.
I am sure that the House will agree that my hon.
Friend is also one of the warmest and most generous Members.
That generosity extended, ahead of a previous election, to an offer to hand-deliver Conservative leaflets—a commitment to the democratic process that should be applauded, not least because it resulted in a stonking increase in his majority for Labour.
As anyone who knows my hon.
Friend will confirm, although he does like to relax with a glass of wine and listen to Engelbert Humperdinck, for him family always comes first.
The Leader of the Opposition referred to my hon.
Friend’s daughter, and growing up he was cared for by his four sisters.
Now, he is never happier than when he is with his grandchildren, who are convinced that he knows Mary Poppins personally—a belief that, I note, he has never discouraged.
He has been a tremendous servant to our family—the Labour family—and we thank him for his outstanding speech today.
The address was seconded by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi) .
It was a fitting tribute for a royal occasion, as I am told that she is known as “Queen Flo” on Instagram.
The House will know her as a tireless champion for her community, as well as a founding member of one of our most vital affiliates: the Labour friends of karaoke.
In fact, I am reliably told that Queen Flo does a mean Queen Bee, which we look forward to hearing at Labour conference.
Truly, it was a fantastic speech—another demonstration that my hon.
Friend is a shining example of our movement.
She was a young carer when growing up, and is a fighter for their causes, on AIDS and HIV, on the health inequalities that still deliver poorer outcomes for black women, and on sickle cell, which her late mum suffered from.
I know what it is like to watch your mum move in and out of hospital as a child, so I respect and admire the way my hon.
Friend now champions young people from poorer households and fights for the opportunities that they deserve.
Perhaps most powerfully of all, my hon.
Friend has spoken about her own experience of arriving at the scene of a stabbing, and has rightly demanded that we never allow ourselves to become desensitised to the tragedy of knife crime.
As a fellow inner-London MP, I know how much this is hurting our city, as it is hurting towns and cities across the country.
I know how much potential is lost, and how many families fear that their child could be next.
So be under no doubt: turning the tide on this violence is absolutely central—a key mission that this Government of service will take on.
Both speeches were in the finest traditions of this House.
Let me follow the Leader of the Opposition and mark the passing of our colleagues in the traditional way.
Since the last Gracious Speech, the Labour party has lost a stalwart of our movement with the passing of Tony Lloyd, who served, in 36 years of distinction, the communities of Rochdale, Manchester Central and Stretford.
I had the chance to speak to Tony just days before he left us, when he was leaving hospital to go home.
He knew that it was for the last time and that he would not see a day like this.
Without being partisan, I can tell you that he would have loved to have seen the House set up as it is today.
He would have told us, using his experience, to use every precious moment that we have to serve those communities that he held so dear.
That is what he stood for: the best of our movement.
He was a champion of politics as a force for good.
That is the great test of our times.
The fight for trust is the battle that defines our political era.
It is a task not just for the Government but for the whole Parliament.
We are all responsible for the tone and standards that we set.
I want to thank the right hon.
Gentleman, the Leader of the Opposition, because in every exchange that we have had since the election and in his words today, he has gone well beyond the usual standards of generosity.
I thank him for that.
In that spirit, this King’s Speech picks up some of the important business not concluded in the last Session.
On football governance and the reduction of smoking, we hope to proceed in a manner that recognises the previous consensus.
We will also carry forward the Holocaust Memorial Bill so that we build that memorial next to this Parliament and ensure that every generation reaffirms our commitment to “never again”.
We will also honour the promises that I and the Leader of the Opposition made to the family of Martyn Hett and all the families affected by the horrific events in Manchester that day.
Figen Murray, Martyn’s mum, walked 200 miles to tell us that Britain needs that law quickly.
I told her then that she would get that from a Labour Government, and we honour that promise today.
I am grateful for the indication of the cross-party support that we will have on that important provision, because the security of the British people is the most fundamental priority of any Government, and whether our fight is against terrorists, the vile criminal smuggling gangs that weaken our borders or foreign powers that threaten the security of this nation, we will leave no stone unturned when it comes to keeping the British people safe.
We will recognise the bravery of those on the frontline of keeping us safe with a new armed forces commissioner.
That is not just a name or a role, but a strong and independent champion for those who have committed to the ultimate service as a way in which we can show our respect.
We will also move quickly on the lessons from the infected blood scandal that the House debated in almost the final act of the last Session: a day when we—all of us—undertook a solemn responsibility not just to deliver justice to those people, but to take on the work of prevention, to ensure that those lessons shape the future of public service in our country.
Because scandals like infected blood, Windrush, Horizon and Hillsborough are united not just by the scale of the injustice, but by the indignity that the victims and their families have been put through merely for standing up for truth and justice.
So it is high time to bring in a duty of candour—the Hillsborough law—because a Government of service must also be a Government of accountability and justice.
That is what service means.