Let me reassure my hon.
Friend and the whole House that I take child poverty extremely seriously.
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on reducing child poverty; they clearly had a strategy, and we will have a strategy.
I am very pleased to have announced today the taskforce that will lead our strategy to reduce child poverty.
No child should grow up in poverty.
We will work across the House on that issue.
I am grateful to the Prime Minister for giving way on his newly announced taskforce, which Beth Rigby announced on Twitter as we were all in this Chamber.
Can the Prime Minister outline how many children will remain in poverty while that taskforce undertakes its work, which ultimately will lead to the same conclusion that we are proposing—to scrap the two-child benefit cap?
I do welcome this, and I know that it is an issue across the whole House—I do not think there is a single Member who does not care about child poverty.
The point of the taskforce is to devise a strategy, as we did when we were last in government, to drive those numbers down.
It cannot be a single issue, but one that crosses a number of strands, and we will work with people across the House in order to tackle it.
What matters is the commitment to drive those numbers down.
That is what we did when last in government, and we will do it again.
rose— I will make some progress and then give way.
I respect the tone of the Leader of the Opposition’s contribution, but I cannot stop my mind from wandering back to nine months ago when he was at this Dispatch Box.
His great political hero, Nigel Lawson, once said, “To govern is to choose.”
Every day serving the people  of this country is a chance to make a difference for them.
The last King’s Speech was the day when the veil of his choices slipped, and we all saw his party content to let our country’s problems fester and to push aside the national interest as they focused almost entirely on trying to save their own skins.
We will have time over the weeks, months and years ahead to debate the measures in this King’s Speech and the choices of this Government, but I defy anyone on the Opposition Benches or elsewhere to look at the ambition and purpose of our intent and not to see a return to the serious business of government.
No more wedges issues; no more gimmicks; no more party political strategy masquerading as policy.
This is an agenda focused entirely on delivering for the people of this country—legislation for the national interest that seeks only to fix our foundations and make people better off, and to solve problems, not exploit them.
rose— I will just make some progress.