I commend the proposer of the Address on his excellent speech.
I know the whole House will agree that  the hon.
Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  has set a high bar for speeches in this Parliament.
My little sister always reminds me that being the youngest means having to learn how to make oneself heard—well, the hon.
Gentleman is the youngest of eight, and it really shows.
I had the good fortune to get to know him when he was shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, and he was always courteous and pleasant as my opposite number.
As he outlined, he comes from a family committed to public service.
Both his great-uncles were Members of this House and, although he was very modest about it, he has been in public service for more than 40 years.
The new Members of the House have much to learn from him.
I know that I speak for the whole House in saying how much we all admire his personal bravery in campaigning for more victim support following the tragic death of his daughter in a hit-and-run accident.
Not only is the hon.
Gentleman one of the more popular Members of the House, as we heard, but he is also the most popular constituency MP, enjoying the biggest majority of any Member of this place.
In a  recent election, he even won an astonishing 84% of the vote.
He might be the only person who can persuade Kim Jong-un of the benefits of democracy—although “The People’s Republic of Bootle” doesn’t quite have the same ring to it.
I wonder whether the hon.
Gentleman was chosen to speak today to head off the reintroduction of his ten-minute rule Bill.
I speak of course of his Bill for a four-day week.
I am not sure whether he has consulted his Whips on how compatible that would be with their desire to make Fridays a new norm sitting day.
I will say this to him: if they will not let him have his ten-minute rule Bill, he should work to rule—although I suspect that as a Labour Member for Merseyside he needs no tips on trade union organising from a former banker.
The hon.
Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  spoke with typical verve.
She is inspired by a desire to serve and her strong faith, but she never lets any of this go to her head.
Today, she was chosen because of the high regard that she is held in, but she is also one of the kindest Members of this House, regularly baking Victoria sponges for her staff and others—although post the election result, perhaps red velvet might now be on the menu.
She has campaigned bravely against gang violence, in both the London Assembly and this House, and she is so right that we must not become desensitised to knife crime.
She represents the place where she grew up, and does so with passion and determination.
Now that I have a lot more time on my hands, I intend to be a regular visitor to the hon.
Lady’s constituency—especially in the summer months.
One of my favourite places to watch cricket is of course the Oval; as Prime Minister, I had the privilege of playing there with the wonderful Ebony Rainford-Brent and the young black cricketers of the African Caribbean Engagement programme.
I applaud the hon.
Lady for her work with that scheme.
I can reassure her that I will not go as far as the last Conservative Prime Minister to speak from this Dispatch Box, who proposed removing that part of her constituency to a desert island, along with his eight favourite records.
The hon.
Lady’s story is truly an inspirational one.
To go from caring for her mother as a teenager to being a Member of this House shows what is possible in our country.
But the online abuse that she has received—an experience that is far too common in this House—shows one of the challenges facing our democracy.
The intimidation that some candidates received in this election, both physical and digital, was completely unacceptable and is a threat to our electoral process.
There can be no excuse for threats of physical violence or intimidatory protests outside politicians’ homes.
The hon.
Lady will have been picked to second the Loyal Address because the Whips Office has her down as one who will go far.
May I offer some words of advice to Labour Members?
On the Government Benches, life comes at you fast.
Soon, you might be fortunate enough to be tapped on the shoulder and offered a junior ministerial role.
Then, you will find yourself attending Cabinet, and then in the Cabinet.
Then, when the Prime Minister’s position becomes untenable, you might end up being called to the highest office, and before you know it, you have a bright future behind you and are left wondering whether you can credibly be an elder statesman at the age of 44.
[Laughter.]
It is right to begin by congratulating the Prime Minister on his decisive victory in the election.
He deserves the good will of us all in this House as he takes on the most demanding of jobs in the increasingly uncertain world in which we now live.
The Labour party has successfully tapped into the public’s desire for change, but it must now deliver change, and we in the Opposition will hold it accountable for delivering on the commitments that it made to the British people.
In the national interest, we will not oppose for the sake of it, but when we disagree with the Government, it is our responsibility as the Opposition to say so.
What will guide us will be our principles: sound public finances; a belief that people know how to spend their own money better than Governments do, and that private enterprise, not state intervention, is the key to delivering growth and prosperity; public services that work for those who need them; an education system that gives everyone the best start in life; secure borders; and a strong national defence.