The Good Friday agreement is one of the proudest achievements of the last Labour Government.
I pay tribute to everybody who helped to bring that about, because, as the hon.
Member and other Members will know, it was such an important moment in the history of the conflict.
I absolutely stand four-square behind its principles, some of which I was doing my part to help implement when I was working in Northern Ireland, and they will always drive me on the issues that he raises with me.
Happy St George’s Day, Mr Speaker.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about Pope Francis?
After 14 years of a Conservative Government, too many of my constituents live on low incomes or in real poverty.
I very much welcome the employment support proposals in the welfare Green Paper, but the Government have to be clear about the real opportunities they are offering to the more than 3 million families who they say will lose out financially as a result of this package.
Before asking MPs to vote, can the Prime Minister confirm that we will see fresh analysis from the Office for Budget Responsibility, evidence on who will be affected by the personal independence payments changes, and the Government’s own assessment of the employment impact of their measures?
Will he confirm that this policy will not result in increased experience of poverty?
We are reforming a broken system—the system that we inherited.
I think most people accept that it needs reform, because it traps people in unemployment and inactivity, and we need to reform it for that reason.
The principles will be that we will provide support where support is needed.
Where people want to get into work, we will help them into work.
The current system operates against people who want to get into work and make that transition; if they can work, they should work.
Moving into work is what halves the risk of being in poverty, and that is why we have invested £1 billion in tailored employment support.
Of course, we are also introducing a new premium for those with the most severe lifelong disabilities who will never be able to work.
Last week, former steelworkers in Port Talbot watched in dismay as this Government deemed their livelihoods worth less than those in Scunthorpe.
Freedom of information requests reveal that the UK Government do not know how their funding for reskilling workers in Wales is being used or even how many people are being retrained, and we know that concerns have been raised by the transition board.
If the Government cannot explain how they are helping Port Talbot’s laid-off workers to build a future through reskilling, why should those workers not come to the logical conclusion that Labour has abandoned them?
The right hon.
Member raises an important issue.
I visited Port Talbot a number of times and heard at first hand from the workforce.
She may or may not know that even in opposition, before the election, I was talking to the owners to try to persuade them to delay their decisions, because I knew an election was coming.
That is how important I thought it was.
I remind her that at the same time, the then Prime Minister refused to pick up a call to the First Minister even to discuss the issue.
I took a different approach, because I realised just how important it was.
The right hon.
Lady compares the situation with the decision we took last week, but I remind her that the blast furnaces were turned off in January last year and the coke ovens in March 2024, which was before the election.
That was the very thing I was trying to ensure did not happen, for reasons that she and the workforce will understand, and I was talking to the workforce  throughout.
Since then we have been able to negotiate an improved deal with Tata that means better terms for the workers, and we did that within 10 weeks.
We are working hard to maximise opportunities from the £1.25 billion investment in an electric arc furnace, we are supporting those facing job losses with £80 million of funding to learn new skills, and we are supporting the supply chains and protecting communities.
The right hon.
Lady talks about protecting working people, but she voted against the biggest devolution settlement since devolution.
That includes more money for public services, including the NHS, and her party voted against it.
I commend the Prime Minister and his Government for the action taken to reform the NHS in England and make it fit for the modern day, with improved technology, more GPs and appointments, and waiting lists cut for consecutive months.
However, it is deeply unfortunate that in Scotland the SNP Government have made the political choice to waste taxpayer money on vanity projects, flawed legislation and failed court cases rather than focus on improving our health service.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the people of Airdrie and Shotts, who have been promised a new hospital for almost a decade, deserve far better than to suffer in pain while on waiting lists or to receive treatment in crumbling buildings as a direct consequence of SNP incompetence?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for Airdrie and Shotts.
Over 60,000 Scots have been stuck, waiting for tests or treatment for over a year, which is a 46% rise in one year.
Almost 50,000 fewer operations have been carried out compared with before the pandemic.
To compare what the SNP is doing with what we are doing here in England, we have driven down waiting lists within six months, with six months in a row of reductions, and we have over 3 million extra appointments.
Scotland’s NHS urgently needs change, but the SNP has no strategy or plan—it has absolutely no ideas.
The danger posed by China to our national security is self-evident.
Can the Prime Minister explain why he and his Government have chosen to treat Beijing as a business partner and not as the hostile state that it truly is?
I have set out our approach to China a number of times.
It is not materially different from the approach in the last years of the previous Government, I might add.
In relation to Scunthorpe, the deal that we had to deal with during recess was the deal negotiated by the last Government.
We have taken sensible decisions in the national interest and will continue to do so.
I am sure the Prime Minister will join me in celebrating the opening of the new Brixton blood donation centre in my constituency, which in three months has seen over 3,700 people donate, more than 1,000 of them first-timers and 10% of them black.
However, given that sickle cell anaemia is the fastest growing genetic condition in the UK, that is not  enough.
Demand for the Ro blood subtype—more common in people of African descent—is rising by 10% to 15% annually, and it is crucial for treating sickle cell.
Rules around travellers as well as inaccurate iron tests mean that we are seeing willing black donors turned away for four to 12 months.
Of course blood donation must be safe, but failure to review the guidelines is costing lives.
Will the Prime Minister commit to reviewing the rules and join me in calling on you, Mr Speaker, to help us all play our part by facilitating a biannual blood drive in Parliament?
I am trying to arrange that.
I will leave that to you, Mr Speaker.
I do not think it is for me to suggest that you donate your blood, although I am sure that you do and that we can support this jointly.
We should take that up across the House under your leadership, Mr Speaker.
Let me join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the new Brixton blood donor centre and the lifesaving support that it provides.
Increasing donor diversity is a priority for the NHS, and we are working to increase Ro blood donations by engaging with communities who are more likely to have that blood type.
I will ensure that she meets the relevant Health Minister to discuss what more we can do in this area.
British Governments of all political persuasions have long taken pride in reducing the carbon footprint of the British manufacturing industry.
Unfortunately, in too many cases, too much of that so-called reduction has been achieved by driving British industry abroad to countries such as China and India that actually use more carbon to produce the same product—British Steel is just the latest example of that—which is bad for the global environment and disastrous for the British economy.
That is against a background of European carbon policies that have failed over 20 years.
Does the Prime Minister have a new domestic British policy that will protect British industry from this disastrous long-term trend?
We are doing everything available to us to protect car building in this country.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that two weeks ago, I made announcements about the zero emission vehicle mandate and what more we could do to support the industry.
That was an immediate response to circumstances as they were, but I indicated at the time—and I do so again—that we will do whatever it takes to support our car industry.
My constituent Billy spent months trying to see a GP to investigate his symptoms.
It took four months of telephone appointments before he was finally seen in person and got the test that diagnosed stage 4 cancer.
That delay in diagnosis has dramatically changed the prognosis, and as someone who has become a friend, it hurts me to see the pain that he is now living in.
Does the Prime Minister agree that primary care is a vital part of the healthcare system and that we need wider access to both in-person and telephone appointments?
I am deeply sorry to hear about Billy’s case; I am sure the whole House is.
Our focus has to be on making sure that GPs spend more time caring for patients.
That includes the investment of an additional £889 million in general practice in England, which has put over 1,500 GPs into surgeries since October.
We did deliver a record settlement for Scotland’s public services to help fix our NHS and ensure that people like Billy get the care that they deserve.
Through the ages, an innovative and vibrant City of London has underpinned investment and growth in the wider economy, but the main challenge the City currently faces is how to get more capital into capital markets.
Like many, I believe that London could gain new momentum if the Government took bold action to challenge and empower those who steward our pension assets to do things in new ways.
Following the Chancellor’s decision to offer continuity of leadership at the Financial Conduct Authority, will the Prime Minister convene an urgent No. 10 summit with City leaders and the regulators to provide a reset and to maximise the chances that the City can lead economic growth and recovery in these times of grave uncertainty and turmoil?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to go further and faster in kick-starting growth and attracting the investment we need to create jobs, and that our regulators must regulate for growth and not just for risk.
We do want that continuity of leadership that he mentioned, and we are convening and getting people together to drive growth.
We will take away the ideas that he put on the table.
Proposed changes to personal independence payments mean that people who require various levels of support due to lifelong conditions such as learning disabilities will not meet the new eligibility criteria.
However, the Green Paper introduces a group of people with lifelong conditions who will not be subject to reassessment.
Can the Prime Minister confirm that people with a learning disability—a lifelong condition that will not change—will be included in the group of claimants who will not be subjected to repeated reassessments?