Since the Labour Government do not want to talk about their commitments, let me help them out a little.
We have time this Friday to discuss Scotland’s migration needs, with a Bill backed by the care, hospitality and tourism sectors.
Internationalisation in education and research is crucial, so in a spirit of collegiality, instead of pandering to Reform as Scottish Labour too often does on migration and our relationship with the EU, will the Secretary of State work with us ahead of the Bill on Friday so that we can find some common cause to help the higher education sector?
There is complete denial about the problems in the higher education sector, which is devolved to the Scottish Government.
We have made it clear that the immigration system we inherited from the previous Government is not working, that net migration is too high and that the interaction between migration and skills in the labour market is broken, so confidence in the whole system needs to be rebuilt.
Work is under way in government to link the work of Skills England and its equivalents, the Migration Advisory Committee, the Industrial Strategy Council and the Department for Work and Pensions to form a new framework to identify sectors that either do or do not have the adequate workforce, as well as skills strategies for the future workforce.
There has been an overreliance on international recruitment.
Lots of young people in Scotland—nearly one in six—are not in education, employment or training.
That is a shambles.
It should be Scotland’s shame, and we need to do something about it.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on the implementation of cancer strategies.
I commend the hon.
Member for the consistent attention he has paid to this issue since he was elected last year and for educating us on it.
Cancer remains Scotland’s biggest killer, with Cancer Research UK reporting that Scots are receiving worse cancer treatment than their neighbours in other parts of the UK.
The national cancer plan for England will save lives that would otherwise be lost to cancer and deliver improved care and patient experience.
Last year, a UK Labour Budget delivered the biggest settlement for Scottish public services in the history of devolution.
It is time for the Scottish Government to step up and get serious about cancer.