The Prime Minister is clearly so uncomfortable talking about this subject.
This is a choice between a Conservative party that stood up for common sense and a Labour party that bends the knee to every passing fad.
This is a question about moral courage, and doing the right thing even when it is difficult.
The truth is he doesn’t have the balls.
The Prime Minister only tells people what they want to hear.
He is a weathervane; he twists in the wind.
He cheered an ideology that denied safe spaces to women and girls, because he thought it was cool to do so.
He hounded a brave female MP out of his party for telling the truth he accepts now.
And now, he is hiding behind the Supreme Court judgment.
Is that not because he does not know what he actually believes?
I can only assume that that sounded better when the right hon.
Lady said it in the mirror earlier.
The truth is, it does not really matter what she says, because nobody—none of them behind her—believes that she is going to lead them into the next election anyway.
It will be the shadow Justice Secretary, who is away plotting—that is why he is not here today—and the hon.
Member for Clacton fighting over the bones of the Tory party.
The Conservatives think Reform will give them its votes without changing their policy—absolutely no way.
The hon.
Member for Clacton will do what he always does: eat the Tory party for breakfast.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and the House a happy St George’s day.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting the National Gas operations in Peterborough, where the company was announcing a £350 million investment in the UK, including at least 100 new jobs in my constituency.
The investment will make Peterborough the centre of the nation’s core gas and hydrogen network.
One of the big challenges faced by infrastructure projects is the lack of  available skills and training for young people.
What more can the Prime Minister do to boost apprenticeships in places such as my constituency to ensure we create the opportunities this country so desperately needs?
The net zero transition is a huge economic opportunity for this country, despite the naysayers on the Opposition Benches.
We have had almost £44 billion of investment since July, which will deliver jobs across the country, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—investment that the Opposition presumably do not want.
We are ensuring we have the skilled workers that we need, launching Skills England and our new growth and skills offer to encourage even more apprenticeships, and supporting the industry-led plan for hydrogen to deliver the workforce needed for the industry of the future.