The Prime Minister cannot bring himself to admit that he was wrong; that was the question.
He spoke about respect and dignity, compassion and lowering the temperature, so will he now apologise to the very brave hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield) for hounding her out of the Labour party simply for telling the truth?
I have always approached this on the basis that we should treat everyone with dignity and respect, whatever their different views, and I will continue to do so.
I will tell you, Mr Speaker, why: because when we lose sight of that approach and make this a political football, as happened in the past, we end up with the spectacle of a decent man—and he was a decent man, the previous Prime Minister—diminishing himself at this Dispatch Box by making trans jokes while the mother of a murdered trans teenager watched from the Public Gallery just up there.
That will never be my approach.
My approach will be to support the ruling, protect single-sex spaces and treat everybody with dignity and respect, and I believe there is a consensus in this House and the country on that approach.
There was no apology to the hon.
Member for Canterbury.
There is no taking of responsibility.
The Prime Minister talks about political football; he practically kicked her out of his party—constructive dismissal.
He talks about my predecessor.
What about the abuse I faced from his MPs, who called me a  transphobe for supporting what the Supreme Court has now clarified, to use his words?
And where was he?
He hid for six days without commenting on the Supreme Court judgment.
Why did it take him so long to respond?
Is it not because he was scared?
The only fiction here is the idea that the right hon.
Member delivered anything in office.
She held the post of Minister for Women and Equalities for two years, and she did precisely nothing.
She provided no clarity on the law, and did nothing to improve women’s lives, which got materially worse under her watch.
For example, the Opposition talk about hospitals and mixed-sex wards, up hill and down dale.
What happened in the last decade?
The use of mixed-sex wards in our NHS rose by 2,000%.
There is a pattern of behaviour here: the Women and Equalities Minister who failed to do anything for women; the Trade Minister who failed to get a trade deal with the US; the Business Minister who failed to get a deal with British Steel.
She is a spectator, not a leader.
I will tell the Prime Minister what I did.
I stopped the gender—[Interruption.]
I will, I will.
When his Labour leader in Scotland was whipping his MSPs to get male rapists into women’s prisons, I stopped that gender recognition Bill.
I helped commission the Cass review.
I replaced the guidance on single-sex toilets.
I made sure that the puberty blockers issue was resolved, while he was sitting there cheering on the ideology that was taking away safe spaces.
And when the Prime Minister stayed silent last week, presumably waiting to hear what Morgan McSweeney thinks, on his WhatsApp groups some of his closest Ministers were plotting to overturn the Supreme Court decision.
Labour MP after Labour MP stood up yesterday and challenged the ruling.
How can we take his Government seriously on this?
I think the WhatsApp group the right hon.
Lady should be worried about is the one with her shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
The mask has slipped, just one week before the elections.
The shadow Justice Secretary is not here.
A man who is doing everything he can to replace her, the man that most Conservative Members want as leader of their party, has admitted that Reform and the Tories are working together.
He said: “I want the fight to be united.”
He said he is determined “to bring this coalition”, as he calls it, “together…one way or another”.
Well, I think we know what that means.
Every Tory voter is appalled at the thought of paying for the NHS; every Reform voter hates what the Tories did for the last 14 years.
They are not Conservatives; they are a con.
Who is playing political football now?
The Prime Minister has no answers.
Yesterday, Labour MP after Labour MP challenged the ruling.
He should be more worried about his Back Benchers than my Front Benchers.
His Labour Ministers called the chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission “appalling”.
Baroness Falkner’s role is critical to enforcing the Court’s judgment.
She has had to put up with relentless abuse,  not just from his Front Bench but from activists and ideologues.
Reappointing her would be a clear sign that he is taking this issue seriously, so will he commit to reappointing Baroness Falkner when her term expires this year?
I have always said that the debate should be conducted properly, on the principle.
I have said it many, many times.
I would remind the Leader of the Opposition that when they were in government, violence against women and girls reached record highs, rape prosecutions fell to record lows, and millions of women were left stuck on NHS waiting lists, unable to get the healthcare they needed.
Under this Labour Government, NHS waiting lists are down by more than 200,000, and there are domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms.
We strengthened access to maternity pay, something she called excessive.
She talks about political footballs, but a coalition of Reform and the Tories is being formed behind her back.
We know what it means when the shadow Justice Secretary and  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  cook up a joint manifesto: NHS charging, pro-Russia foreign policy, and an end to workers’ rights.
Just as the previous Government lost control of the economy, borders and health, in six short months she has lost control of her party.