The Minister is right to speak of the wonderful NHS staff that we have, but she also speaks of a new direction that is required.
Let me give the House a clue as to what new direction she might be speaking of.
The Good Law Project revealed this month that more than 60% of donations to Labour’s Health Secretary, totalling £372,000, came from individuals and companies linked to the private healthcare sector.
As the same Labour Health Secretary is so fond of saying, all roads lead to Westminster, including on NHS funding.
With cuts to public services coming down the line, is the Secretary of State—or the Minister—worried about the influence of private health donors on Cabinet colleagues?
The hon.
Gentleman says that there have been cuts to public services.
Let me put on record once again that this Labour Government pledged to end austerity, and we have, with a record settlement for Scotland’s public services.
That money has been squandered by the SNP Government, such that we are still in a situation where nearly one in six Scots are on a waiting list.
South of the border, waiting lists have fallen for the fifth month in a row.
That is the difference made by a Labour Government with a plan and a willingness to fund it.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of not issuing new North sea oil and gas licences on levels of economic growth in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of not issuing new North sea oil and gas licences on levels of economic growth in Scotland.
I am proud of the enormous contribution North sea workers have made to our country.
Oil and gas will be an important part of our energy mix for decades to come.
We have a workforce who lead the world, and we are determined to secure their long-term future in the energy industry, including oil and gas.
The UK Government will soon respond to our recent consultation on supporting the energy transition in the North sea, and I am in the north-east tomorrow, turning on a wind farm and also meeting leaders in the oil and gas sector.
If the UK achieves net zero in 2050, we will still consume about 14 billion barrels of oil and gas a year.
We are currently on track to produce 4 billion barrels a year.
Will the Secretary of State explain why he prefers to import our energy, rather than produce it ourselves?
The national mission of this Labour Government is to get to clean power by 2030, but that means three things: renewable power, nuclear power, and oil and gas.
As I have said already, oil and gas will be with us in the Scottish and UK context for decades to come.
A recent report by Offshore Energies UK showed that if the UK oil and gas basin continued to be used until 2050, it could produce half our oil and gas needs.
That would do wonders for jobs in the north-east of Scotland, the north-east economy, our energy security and the energy transition, and it would also bring in £12 billion to the Treasury.
On top of that, it would bring in £150 billion of economic growth to the UK, which I am sure everyone in this House and the Government would welcome.
Will the Secretary of State please have a word with the Energy Secretary and ask him to stop his policies, which are continuing to ruin our oil and gas sector, and for once back north-east Scotland?
On the oil and gas sector in 2050, I have already mentioned at the Dispatch Box, as has the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, that oil and gas will be with us for decades to come, including to 2050.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is an opportunity for significant economic growth in Scotland from getting right a just transition from oil and gas to clean power?
In my constituency, the landing space at the port of Leith previously used by the oil and gas sector has been transformed by investment from Forth Ports into the largest renewable hub in Scotland.
Will he join me in welcoming this investment in Leith, and will he outline how his Department will help secure every job possible in the transition from oil and gas?
I commend my hon.
Friend on the work she is doing, particularly in the port of Leith, to ensure that we can have the transition and have it well.
She highlights the important thing about this issue and debate: the energy mix requires us to have renewable power and clean energy by 2030, but it also requires us to have nuclear power and oil and gas.
The energy mix means that we do it all; it is not either/or.