The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 23 April.
The entire House will join me in paying tribute to His Holiness Pope Francis, an extraordinary man.
His lifelong work on fairness will leave a lasting legacy.
People of all backgrounds and beliefs were inspired by his humility and compassion, and the outpouring of grief and love that we have seen  in the last two days or so shows the respect and admiration that he was held in around the world.
I will attend his funeral on Saturday and pay tribute to his courage and leadership.
May His Holiness rest in peace.
I also wish everyone in England a very happy St George’s day.
There is a lot to celebrate: our history, our values and our culture.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I also wish those in the Chamber a happy St George’s day?
After a cost of living crisis overseen by the chaotic Conservative Government, many in the tourist industry in Torbay believed that they had weathered the storm, as did those in Devon and Cornwall.
However, many in the tourist industry in Torbay fear that the Government’s national insurance contribution hikes and effective jobs tax could be the last nail in the coffin for some of those businesses.
In the light of that, will the Prime Minister give me the pleasure of showing him round Paignton zoo this summer, so he can see this outstanding, amazing tourist attraction in Torbay?
It is one of many across the west of England that, sadly, are massively impacted by the jobs tax.
May I start by wishing Jennie, the hon.
Gentleman’s guide dog, a very happy birthday for yesterday?
She is six years old—although she does not look particularly interested in my answer, I have to say.
I recognise the importance of tourism to the hon.
Gentleman’s beautiful constituency—I have been there many times, and worked there for a short time—in driving growth and creating jobs.
We have announced a new Visitor Economy Advisory Council, which will work with business to deliver a new strategy that is focused on supporting growth and the tourism industry.
VisitBritain has also launched a new international marketing campaign to showcase Britain’s incredible heritage, culture and landscapes, and I know the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism will be happy to keep the hon.
Gentleman updated.
The criminal injuries compensation scheme has not been uprated with inflation since 2012, which means that in real terms, compensation for victims of violent crime, including rape and child abuse, is worth less than half of what it was then.
The consultation response published before Easter said that there was not the money to look at changing the scope, tariffs or time limits, despite expert advice and the recommendations of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
Will the Prime Minister commit to properly funding the Ministry of Justice to do this vital reform work, so that victims and their needs can become a priority, instead of an afterthought?
My hon.
Friend knows my personal commitment to delivering justice for victims of crime, who have been completely failed over the last 14 years.
We are improving access to compensation through better online systems, and are equipping staff with the skills that they need to better support victims.
We are of  course also consulting on a revised victims code, which will increase the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner to ensure more accountability.
I am happy to ensure that she meets the relevant Minister to discuss those issues.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I, too, wish everyone a happy St George’s day.
Can I also associate myself with the remarks about the passing of His Holiness Pope Francis on Easter Monday?
Being married to a Catholic, I know the profound loss for millions in Britain and across the world.
Does the Prime Minister now accept that when he said that it was the law that trans women were women, he was wrong?
Let me be clear: I welcome the Supreme Court ruling on this issue.
It brings clarity, and it will give confidence to women, and of course to service providers.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission will now issue updated guidance.
It is important that that happens, and that all service providers then act accordingly.
This Government’s approach, and my approach, has been as follows: to support and implement the Supreme Court ruling, and we will; to continue to protect single-sex spaces based on biological sex, and we will; to ensure that trans people are treated with respect, and we will; and to ensure that everybody is given dignity in their everyday lives.
I do think this is the time to lower the temperature, move forward and conduct this debate with the care and compassion that it deserves, and I think that should unite the whole House.