I assure the hon.
Member that this is a priority for the Government, but as healthcare is a devolved matter, the Scottish Government are responsible for their own cancer strategies, including diagnostic services in Scotland.
In England, improving early diagnosis of cancer—including breast cancer—is a priority for the UK Government, who are committed to transforming diagnostic services and will support the NHS to meet the demand for diagnostic services through investment in new capacity, including MRI and CT scanners.
My constituent Stephen found out that he had prostate cancer almost by accident when he was treated for something else.
Thankfully, it was diagnosed early and he is on his way to a good outcome.
Despite prostate cancer being the most common cancer for men in Scotland, it is not one of the tumour types that has been promoted for early diagnosis in the current Scottish Government cancer strategy.
Will the Minister encourage the Scottish Government to make specific reference to prostate cancer when promoting early diagnosis?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her commitment to her constituents, and pass on the best wishes of the whole House to Stephen in his recovery.
Her constituents, like mine, are constantly on the receiving end of late diagnoses because of the underfunding of cancer services that  the hon.
Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  has mentioned.
We will, of course, continue to raise this issue with the Scottish Government as part of our ongoing commitment to deal with Scotland’s biggest killer, which is cancer.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on funding for the NHS in Scotland.
Thanks to the Barnett formula, a Labour Chancellor and 37 Scottish Labour MPs, Scotland’s public services have received the biggest ever financial settlement from the UK Government, but how has the SNP spent it?
Well, despite the best efforts of our extraordinary NHS staff, every week, thousands of Scots will wait more than eight hours in A&E, and more than 100,000 Scots have been stuck on an NHS waiting list for over a year.
Doctors, nurses and—most of all—Scottish patients have been failed by 18 years of SNP mismanagement.
We desperately need a new direction.
There has been a noticeable increase in the number of people contacting my office about accessing GP services, and about long waiting times for hospital appointments and operations.
Those who live in the Isle of Arran and actually get an appointment often cannot get to it, because they cannot get a ferry there and back on the same day.
That is a different point, but as a former manager in the NHS, I have seen the consequences of the shortage of GPs in Scotland.
There has been a recent successful recruitment campaign in different parts of England; does the Minister agree that it is time for the Scottish Government to utilise the Barnett consequentials in order to improve access to NHS services in Scotland through robust workforce planning, and to follow the example of the NHS in England and get GPs successfully recruited?