His Chancellor’s economic policies started off badly and have headed rapidly downhill from there, his Energy Secretary’s policies ensure that energy-rich Scotland lives under the highest domestic and commercial energy prices in the world, and his Foreign Secretary provides diplomatic cover for the atrocities committed  in Gaza by the Israel Defence Forces, to the horror of the people of Scotland, but the Prime Minister is the incompetent-in-chief who refuses to bring his Ministers into line.
That is just one of the reasons why independence enjoys an 11-point lead over remaining in this dysfunctional, broken, Brexit Britain.
Does he understand why the people of Scotland are so dissatisfied with his latest iteration of dysfunctional British rule in Scotland?
Does the hon.
Gentleman understand that the electorate in Scotland answered that question in July of last year?
I remember that there used to be quite a few SNP Members sitting on the Opposition Benches; now it is a distant cry from up on the Back Benches.
Last week, humanitarian law organisations applied for an arrest warrant for Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar over alleged war crimes in Gaza, including the siege of Kamal Adwan hospital and the torture of its director, Dr Hussam Abu Safiya, yet the red carpet was rolled out.
Sa’ar has justified blocking vital humanitarian aid into Gaza, backed the illegal annexation of Palestinian land and rejected a Palestinian state.
The Prime Minister is a human rights lawyer, so surely he knows that the UK has a legal duty to uphold international law.
Why, then, did he block the arrest of an unindicted war criminal?
I didn’t.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
You, like me, have long been a supporter of Britain’s nuclear test veterans, so I wonder whether you could advise me.
Given that Government lawyers have finally admitted, after 73 years of denial, that tests may have taken place at the time that those veterans were in the south Atlantic—they say that “information may have been recorded by scientists carrying out radiation monitoring”— surely a statement in the House by a Government Minister is required.
How can I facilitate that?[Official Report,  25 April 2025 ;
Vol. 765, c. 14WC.] (Correction) I do not think I even need to answer that; the right hon.
Gentleman is a man who knows how to facilitate that, and I know the matter will not end here.
That is not a point of order for the Chair, and I am not carrying on questions, but he has certainly got the matter on the record
and I know he will now pursue it in the many ways available to him.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Daisy Cooper presented a Bill to require water companies to prioritise areas with chalk streams and related habitats when investing in new and upgraded sewerage systems, including foul water leak prevention and the replacement or upgrading of porous sewage pipelines; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 11 July  and to be printed (Bill 223).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 ) 12.39 pm I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to prepare and publish a strategy for tackling interpersonal abuse and violence against men and boys; and for connected purposes.
This Labour Government have pledged to halve instances of violence against women and girls, an intent that I have no doubt those on both sides of this House are fully able to support.
The aim of this Bill is to tackle an aspect of the current violence against women and girls strategy—an aspect that makes no sense and that it is essential for the Government to address.
The violence against women and girls strategy currently includes male victims of violence against women and girls.
The Government still define violence against women and girls, or VAWG, as a category of crimes which disproportionately affect women.
Therefore, all victims of crimes such as domestic abuse, rape, sexual assault, digital image abuse, forced marriage and honour-based violence, including men and boys, are considered victims of VAWG.
I want to make it clear that this Bill in no way detracts from the work already done and still to be done in tackling violence against women and girls; the Bill simply aims to ensure that male victims of those crimes have a dedicated strategy that reflects the differing nature of their circumstances and ensures that male survivors are recognised and receive appropriate support.
The current mis-categorisation forces male victims into spaces and discussions that may more appropriately be reserved for women.
At present the Government have no dedicated strategy for tackling interpersonal abuse and violence against men and boys.
In 2019, the previous Government published their first ever position statement on male victims, and they followed this in 2022 with an addendum on supporting male victims.
The change in Government and a revised strategy on violence against women and girls present a new opportunity to devise a parallel strategy for violence against men and boys in lieu of any direction from the Government regarding the publication of a new, updated position statement.
The Minister for Safeguarding,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , is, as I understand it, currently rewriting the violence against women and girls strategy for publication later this spring, and to that end, now is the time to legislate for such a change to be formalised.
It should be noted that when the Government state their hope to halve violence against women and girls, the start-state of that data currently includes victims who are men and boys.
Victims of gender-based violence face many barriers that prevent them from reporting instances of abuse: the fear of not being believed; the threat that the perpetrator may still pose; or the simple fact of not being aware of the services available to help or being aware and not being able to access them.
There are also the complexities around the consequences of disclosure, such as the impact on living arrangements or financial security and how this can, in turn, lead to instances of coercive control.
For men and boys, however,  there are additional factors: the shame and stigma of not appearing to be masculine, of being vulnerable, of potentially having their sexuality outed, and of being the victim of a crime considered, and officially referred to, as applying to female victims.
The majority of men seeking help have coped alone, often for long periods, and are still living with their abusive partners.
Men in such circumstances might need help with housing and finances, and, in circumstances involving dependent children, with how they can maintain their role as a father.
Safety planning for this group of men must be initiated at the point of disclosure, as the majority of those seeking help do not return to those providing it following first contact.
The crime survey for England and Wales for the year ending September 2024 showed that 3% of men aged 16 and over were victims of domestic abuse between September 2023 and September 2024, compared with 6.6% of women.
According to Women’s Aid’s 2025 annual audit report, as of May 2024 there were just 50 refuges in England with bed spaces for men.
As such, of a total of 63,950 people supported in safe accommodation in that period, only 1,830 were men.
There is also a difference in the needs of men who are gay, bisexual or trans.
Owing to the complexities of the nature of these relationships and the risk of being outed, of being the victim of prejudice or of being disowned by family members, male victims are less likely to report domestic abuse to statutory services.
Carlisle and Withers Green’s 2023 survey highlighted that over 70% of gay, bisexual and trans male victims of domestic abuse had never sought support from a statutory service provider.
Their statistics are therefore not recorded in any official figures and as a result these victims find themselves further isolated, increasing their vulnerability to abuse.
Sexual abuse against men is a vastly under-reported crime: one in four adults sexually assaulted in the UK each year is a man; one in 10 rapes and one in seven sexual assaults have male victims according to the Office for National Statistics; 3.5% of boys become victims of child sexual abuse before they turn 16; one in four victims of child sexual abuse are men; and over 70% of child sex abusers are people known to their victims.
Shame, stigma, homophobia and emasculation are all factors in preventing sexual abuse from being reported.
It often takes years for a male victim to report a sexual assault to the police.
Male sexual assault survivors are three times more likely to tell a family member, friend or colleague than they are to report an incident to the police.
Data from the Office for National Statistics suggests that fewer than a third of male victims of sexual assault have ever disclosed what they have experienced.
For straight men, there can also be a hesitancy to disclose abuse owing to the misconception that men should be physically strong enough to prevent an assault.
Male victims of abuse who have been forced to penetrate by a partner can struggle to identify their experiences as abuse because it caused them to be aroused.
Rape and sexual abuse should never be minimised because a perpetrator is female.
The law currently states that while males and females can be the victim of rape, only males can realistically commit the act of rape.
The introduction of a “forced to penetrate” sexual offence could therefore address that.
Honour-based violence is another factor that is poorly understood and catered for.
Victims of honour-based violence are at greater risk of repeat victimisation and are often at risk from multiple perpetrators.
However, no discrete crime of so-called honour-based violence or abuse is defined in our legislation, so in most instances male victims would be classified by police as victims of violence without injury or stalking and harassment.
Data from the Crown Prosecution Service suggests that around 30% of prosecutions for honour-based violence involve male victims.
Additionally, the forced marriage unit has consistently seen that 20% of forced marriage victims are male.
That often includes men from overseas who are forced to marry UK citizens and can find themselves forced into domestic servitude, thus also becoming victims of modern slavery.
This time last year, Professor Nicola Graham-Kevan of the University of Lancashire undertook research and published data on how male survivors feel about being categorised as victims of violence against women and girls: 89% stated that it made it harder to seek help; 89% stated that they experienced distress; 88% stated that the Government do not care; 80% stated that it was minimising their experiences; 75% stated that it was not taken seriously; and 73% stated that it was not recognised by society.
It is clear that the damaging impact of including male victims within a strategy that caters for violence against women and girls means that male survivors cannot identify with that labelling.
Organisations such as We Are Survivors, the Men & Boys Coalition and the ManKind Initiative have been instrumental in providing support to male victims and advocating for a solution, and I thank them for their work to highlight this inequality.
Last November, the Victims’ Commissioner Baroness Helen Newlove wrote to the Safeguarding Minister outlining many of the same concerns that I have highlighted.
The concerns are not unique; they are shared by the male survivor community.
The view of the Victims’ Commissioner should not go unheeded, nor that of her predecessor Dame Vera Baird KC, who expressed similar views.
The purpose of the Bill is echoed in Baroness Newlove’s words: “I believe it is beyond time for a dedicated men and boys’ strategy, with specific policies, strategic milestones, and accompanying funding.
A tailored approach for male victims of interpersonal violence is essential to developing their rights and ensuring the availability of appropriate support services.
I urge you to seize this opportunity to create both a robust, cross-governmental VAWG strategy and a separate, comprehensive strategy for men and boys, with clear policies, strategic targets, milestones, and sustainable funding arrangements.”
Six months later, and with nothing further heard on implementing such a strategy, this Bill is required to push the Safeguarding Minister to act.
My hope is that male survivors of such traumatic violence and abuse can finally be given the focus their plight deserves.
I also hope that Members on both sides of the House feel they can support what the Bill sets out to achieve, and I thank them all for listening.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Sir Iain Duncan Smith, Sir Roger Gale, Sir Ashley Fox, Charlie Dewhirst, Wendy Morton, David Simmonds,  Paul Holmes, Rebecca Smith, Bob Blackman, Alison Griffiths, Mr Richard Holden and Ben Obese-Jecty present the Bill.
Ben Obese-Jecty accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 16 May , and to be printed (Bill 224).
I inform the House that I have selected the amendment in the name of the Prime Minister.
I beg to move, That this House regrets the appalling state of repair of NHS hospitals across the country; notes that the NHS maintenance backlog rose to £13.8 billion in 2023-24; further notes the sustained pattern of cannibalising NHS capital budgets to keep day-to-day services running; condemns the previous Government’s record of starved repair budgets and exploding maintenance backlogs, which made sewage leaks, cracked walls, crumbling ceilings and sinking floors commonplace; further condemns the previous Government for launching the New Hospital Programme with no realistic plan to fund or deliver it; further regrets that almost half of the selected hospitals are now not set to begin construction until after 2030; calls on the Government to reverse the delay to the New Hospital Programme and create a crumbling hospitals taskforce to bring construction dates forward; and further calls on the Government to end the vicious cycle of false economies and rising repair backlogs by putting hospitals across the country on a path towards sustainable funding.
The appalling state of our hospital buildings is a national scandal.
Everybody in this country should be in control of their own lives and health, which means everybody getting the care they need when and where they need it, but that can never be realised while so many patients are treating in grossly inadequate settings.
From Shropshire to Cornwall, Cambridgeshire, Watford and Devon, patients are losing their dignity because of decisions taken by the Conservatives, and the Labour Government’s failure to rectify them.
The Conservatives’ record is one of starved repair budgets, serious leaks, crumbling ceilings and bucket-strewn wards.
It is an outrage that millions of people are waiting for treatment, yet overcrowded hospitals have had to close operating theatres because they are no longer fit for use.
Patients and hospital staff deserve the dignity of safe, modern and clean environments, but instead the previous Government shamefully chose to raid the repair budget to plug the gap in day-to-day costs, as our hospitals fell apart, and the new Government, who were elected on what increasingly looks like false hope, are pursuing a false economy in delaying the desperately needed new hospital programme.
As with so much of their agenda, the Government promised so much but are delivering so little and betraying those who put their faith in the Labour party.
Farmers who were fed up with the Tories taking them for granted have been hit with a tax grab on their families’ futures.
Employers, who were promised growth and no new taxes, have been whacked with a national insurance increase.
Patients, who were promised new hospitals, have had them taken away.
I was with the hon.
Lady almost up until that point.
I congratulate her on opening the debate.
It is absolutely true that the new hospital programme did not deliver new hospitals and was unfunded under the Tories.
However, it is being funded now under Labour.
Money  is being invested in my local hospitals, in the Imperial College Healthcare NHS trust, and it is preparing for major rebuilds.
Will she perhaps give the new Government a little credit for what they have done, and correctly identify the shambles that we were left with?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there were not 40 new hospitals—they were not all hospitals and there were not 40 of them.
The issue here is that the start dates for work on many hospitals that need urgent rebuilding have been pushed back into the 2030s, long beyond the life of this Parliament.
The people who are served by those hospitals were promised new facilities and have not had them.
That is devastating for those communities.
If the Conservative approach was contemptible, Labour’s approach has been to procrastinate.
The cost to the NHS of papering over the cracks and keeping hospitals running past their natural lifespan is enormous.
That is why the Government must reverse the delay to the new hospital programme at once and urgently deliver the new hospitals that patients have long been promised.
I wonder if the hon.
Member can explain to me how spending £22 billion extra on the national health service this year can in any way be described as procrastination.
It is important to recognise that the additional investment in the NHS amounts to about £10 billion a year—according to Office for Budget Responsibility numbers, which I am sure the hon.
Gentleman has looked at—because of the cost of national insurance hikes and of compensating other public sector employers for those hikes.
The £22 billion figure is somewhat misleading.
The point that we are making is that it is a false economy to keep those buildings going, to keep repairing a crumbling estate, to keep patching up and putting a sticking plaster on those problems.
Those buildings need to be demolished and rebuilt, so that approach is a false economy.
It would be much better to build new buildings up front and save on future repair costs.
We need to ensure that no one is treated in broken, uncomfortable and unsafe facilities.
Repairing and replacing crumbling, substandard hospitals is not only vital for delivering better care and treating-more patients, but crucial for rebuilding the economy after years of Conservative economic vandalism.
How much would all this cost?
In my county of Shropshire, the cost of the maintenance backlog across all sites has reached about £75 million.
I am sure that everyone here would agree that £75 million is a lot of money—indeed, it is so much that it is the total amount of Government capital investment for hospices this year—but in terms of hospital maintenance it is a drop in the ocean.
Torbay hospital needs more than £50 million to clear the backlog, Watford hospital has a backlog of £63 million, and Hull royal infirmary requires an eye-watering £70 million.
Across England, the figure is a colossal £13.8 billion—and that is just to bring our existing hospital estate to the minimum standard.
The hon.
Member is right that a huge amount of money needs to be spent.
A lot of that goes back to the fact that, as  Lord Darzi tells us, £37 billion less was spent on hospital buildings in the 2010s than was necessary.
Will she remind me who was in government for the for half of the 2010s?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that, when one comes into government and has to clean up the mess left behind by the previous Government, one has to make difficult choices.
It is the job of the Opposition to point out where they would make those choices or take different options.
We would invest to save money in the long run, rather than fritter money away on a repair bill for buildings that need to be demolished.
It is not sensible to pour good money after bad when the right thing to do is invest in a new fit-for-purpose and modern estate that does not have endless and extortionate maintenance requirements.
rose— I will make some progress.
At North Devon district hospital, the ducting of the ventilation system that serves the operating theatres has not been changed since it was installed in 1979, and cannot be replaced because of ceiling height and asbestos.
As a result, all operating theatres have been non-compliant with NHS England buildings guidance since 2007.
The good people of Devon clearly need a new hospital, and they were promised that they would have one by 2030, only for the Labour Government to take it away and decide that the change those people need will not be delivered for another decade.
Even hospitals with comparatively few maintenance problems, such as the Royal Shrewsbury hospital, which serves my constituents and has a £35 million backlog, are clearly a long way short of being up to standard.
I will not go into detail again about the catalogue of issues in Shropshire—the ambulance delays and station closures, the waiting times for check-ups, scans and surgeries, or the substandard state of cancer care—but they all combine to put huge pressure on hospitals, where staff and buildings are straining under the load.
I commend the hon.
Lady and the Liberal Democrats for securing this debate.
One issue that they have not mentioned in their motion is car parking at hospitals, which is an ongoing problem for disabled people and patients who miss or delay their appointments as a result of a lack of spaces.
Does she agree that car parking is central to addressing the issues that she is setting out?
Car parking is a real problem, particularly where public transport is poor—it plagues my constituents—and when it is unrealistically expensive for people who need to use hospital facilities.
I thank the hon.
Member for that point.
The NHS crisis impacts on patient outcomes.
My constituent Emma was left in the “fit to sit” area for 48 hours despite having been diagnosed with suspected sepsis, 96-year-old Mary waited outside in an ambulance for 11 hours, and 82-year-old Paula spent 24 hours on a trolley in a corridor.
That is the reality in hospitals up and down the country.
I think we all agree that that is a disgrace and it must be rectified.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress.
One of the main reasons those problems have not been rectified is successive delays from successive Governments.
Shropshire is, again, a prime example.
This is not related to the new hospital programme, but none the less, £312 million was granted for the hospital transformation programme in Shropshire back in 2018.
Seven years later, while the country has been through five Prime Ministers and eight different Health Secretaries, Shropshire is still waiting for that transformation to take place.
Opposition from both the Labour and Conservative councils that serve the area, along with the ridiculously lengthy process that capital expenditure has to go through to be signed off, means that desperately needed improvements have been horribly delayed as construction costs rise.
As a result, the original plans have been scaled back and their value diminished.
My hon.
Friend mentions the inordinate delays that occur with regard to applications for capital funds.
I have watched with horror as my local hospital trust in West Hertfordshire has had to submit business case after business case while watching the costs rack up.
Does she agree that one way to spend the allocated money more efficiently would be by devolving those budgets to local hospital trusts, rather than having a centralised programme that drives up the costs?
I could not agree more.
That is exactly the situation we saw in Shropshire.
Once again, the people who will suffer are the patients.
Last year, less than £900 million of the £13.8 billion required to eradicate the repair backlog for hospitals was invested—just 6.5%.
It does not take an accountant to work out that at that rate, it will take 15 years to clear the current backlog, let alone the further deterioration of the crumbling buildings.
Investment in eradicating the repair backlog fell sharply from £1.4 billion in 2021 to £895 million in 2023-24—a fall of 37%.
I am afraid that, just like their approach to fixing social care, the Government’s continued lack of imagination and ambition is leaving our NHS less productive and less stable, which risks leaving millions languishing on NHS waiting lists.
rose— I will give way to  the hon.
Member for Chelsea and Fulham (Ben Coleman)  because he has tried to intervene before.
I am most grateful to the hon.
Lady for her delayed response.
I am struck by her lack of response to two of my colleagues.
She did not acknowledge to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith and Chiswick (Andy Slaughter)
that in my constituency of Chelsea and Fulham, the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust is getting money from the Government as a precursor to rebuilding the hospitals promised to it.
More importantly, she did not address the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  that we are all reaping the whirlwind of  the decisions taken by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition Government.
The Liberal Democrats made a choice to go into that Government, to take on roles including as Chief Secretary to the Treasury and as Health Ministers, and to make those cuts and destroy the NHS.
We are now reaping the whirlwind of the decisions that she and her colleagues made.
Is it not a little bit cheeky of her to make some of the points and claims she is making today?
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman’s hospital is being dealt with, but I am sure that the residents of Torbay will not feel the benefit of that.
I am slightly surprised that he thinks that the decade since the Liberal Democrats were in power has had no impact whatsoever.
I did address the point that when a party comes into government and has to clear up the appalling mess left by the previous Government, there are difficult choices to be made.
His party knows that.
Labour Members, for example, have voted to retain the two-child benefit cap and keep a quarter of a million children in poverty—something that no one in my party has ever voted for.
The last time I opened a Liberal Democrat Opposition day debate was in October, and the topic was primary care.
I explained how the Government’s failure to invest in primary care was a false economy that increased pressures and costs in the critical parts of the system.
The management of our hospital buildings displays that same false economy.
Just as spending money on critical care instead of prevention and public health is a poor approach to managing a health service, waiting for the roof to collapse is an irresponsible way to manage NHS buildings.
As problems are ignored and investment is poorly targeted, it is the patients and the hard-working staff striving to help them who are forced to suffer.
This is not just about the new hospital programme.
Across the country, there are thousands of GP surgeries that need urgent improvement if they are to provide the care that patients deserve.
More than 2,000 hospital buildings across England were built before the foundation of the NHS in 1948, while the state of GP surgeries varies wildly.
Many surgeries are simply no longer fit for purpose, having been built in the 1950s.
Prescott surgery in my constituency, for example, has long been recognised as somewhere that needs to drastically increase in size because the population of the village has increased drastically itself.
Despite the land and the community infrastructure levy funding being available, there is no sign of a new surgery being built.
As the delay continues, the costs are rising and the challenge grows for both the council and the integrated care board, which are already under immense pressure to cut their costs.
Instead of pursuing fantasies like the Conservatives or false economies like the Labour party, the Liberal Democrats would invest to save by starting construction now, and ending the epidemic of cancelled operations, closed-off wards and huge sums wasted on emergency repairs.
That would save the taxpayer money in the long run and benefit patients much sooner.
The hon.
Lady is being a little bit unrealistic.
I have three world-class hospitals in my constituency: Charing Cross, Hammersmith and St Mary’s Paddington.
The repair bill is £874 million, but the rebuild or new build cost would be £4 billion.
Yes, we  are refurbishing parts of Charing Cross and putting a lot of investment into preparing for that work, but the idea that suddenly the hon.
Lady is going to come up with tens, if not hundreds, of billions of pounds is unrealistic, is it not?
The plan that we have put forward involves £10 billion over 10 years, and I will come to that in a moment.
The real issue is that we cannot pick one hospital and say that it is indicative of an NHS that is being dealt with appropriately.
Hospitals across the country are falling apart.
For example, Stepping Hill, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) , is not in the new hospital programme, yet it is falling apart at the seams.
We need to address the whole estate fairly urgently.
Our 10-year guaranteed capital investment programme would provide long-term security and fix our crumbling hospitals and creaking GP surgeries.
It would provide an extra £10 billion for our crumbling buildings over the next decade, improving outcomes for patients, boosting productivity and cutting day-to-day costs for the NHS.
Providing certainty is crucial.
As it stands, managers have to raid precious budgets not just to plug leaking pipes, but to plug staffing gaps when winter pressure arrives.
That is why we would also end the reactive approach to the annual winter crisis through our winter taskforce.
Instead of the average £376 million of emergency funding announced late into the winter each year for the last seven years, our winter taskforce would manage a ringfenced fund of £1.5 billion over the next four years.
That would help hospitals to plan their budgets and build resilience in wards, A&E departments, ambulance services and patient discharging.
The hon.
Lady is talking about the day-to-day budgets of the NHS, in particular the costs of paying off previous debts.
She talked about the work that needed to be done during the coalition years and in the decade and a half since then, in response to interventions from Labour Members.
Does she agree that one of the biggest messes that needed to be cleared up then, which is still being felt in NHS budgets, is the disastrous private finance initiatives of the Blair and Brown years?
There have been successive failures in NHS management that all parties need to hold their hands up for—that is a fair point.
We should, though, focus on the task in hand rather than continually going back decades, either to the coalition Government or to the Blair Government before that.
That is not helpful to our constituents, who want a solution now.
On that point, will the hon.
Lady give way?
No. I have been very generous with my time and I am going to make some progress.
We are also campaigning for a review of outdated Government finance rules that prevent NHS trusts from investing the funds that they have raised into their own buildings.
Even NHS managers struggle to access common-sense investment in their facilities due to overly complex rules and glacial processes.
Trusts are prevented from using unspent funds on improving their buildings.
We  need root-and-branch reform, combined with our 10-year programme of investment, to bring our local health facilities up to scratch.
In conclusion, the recent history of the NHS is one of short-term decision making and of the failure of successive Governments to grasp the nettle of long-term sustained investment in the things that matter: hospital buildings, GP services, dentistry, pharmacy and, crucially, the unspoken crisis of social care.
The outcome is an organisation that is spending millions of pounds to go backwards.
It truly is a false economy.
This Government have spoken warmly of the need to reform the NHS and improve productivity, and we support them in that, but we cannot expect to retain staff and provide high-quality care when so many doctors and nurses are negotiating leaking roofs and sewage backing up on the wards.
Dealing with the new hospital programme is a matter of urgency, and I urge the Secretary of State to, at long last, grasp the nettle.