I also wish the House and the country a happy St George’s day, and join the Prime Minister in paying tribute to the late Pope Francis.
As a Christian, I found his compassion absolutely inspiring.
My prayers are with Catholics in the UK and across the world, who will feel his loss particularly deeply.
I have previously raised with the Prime Minister the issue of North Devon district hospital.
The previous Government promised to rebuild it, as they did hospitals across the south-west, in places such as Torbay and Musgrove Park.
Unfortunately, they broke that promise, leaving appalling conditions like sewage leaks and patients being treated in corridors.
Will the Prime Minister reconsider his decision to delay further the construction of new hospitals, and ask his MPs to vote for our motion today for new hospitals?
The previous programme, introduced by the Conservative party, was undeliverable and unaffordable, as I think the right hon.
Gentleman knows and accepts.
We have put the new hospital programme on a sustainable footing with a timeline that can be met—we are not prepared to trade on false promises, as the Conservatives did—and obviously we have also put record investment into the NHS.
I gently urge the right hon.
Gentleman to one day get a bit more serious about the funding of these measures.
Every week, he comes to the Chamber to push me on two issues: he pushes me to spend a lot more money, but at the same time, in the next breath, he opposes the measures in the Budget to raise the necessary money.
Unlike the Prime Minister, we had a funded programme at the election.
I am disappointed with his reply—I hope he will actually visit some of these hospitals to see the urgent need for rebuilding.
At Merton Mead farm in Oxfordshire last week, I saw world-class British beef farmers at work.
Farmers want the Prime Minister to be careful in a trade deal with President Trump.
They were let down by the Conservatives’ appalling trade deals and worry that a bad US deal could allow American agribusiness to undercut them with inferior meat.
Will the Prime Minister guarantee a vote in this House on any trade deal that he agrees with the United States?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a point that is of real interest and importance to farmers.
We will negotiate, as he would expect, in the national interest and uphold the highest animal welfare standards.
We are making progress on that, and there will then be a process if a deal is reached.
This time last year, train manufacturing at Alstom in Derby was grinding to a halt.
On a single day, workers with a combined welding experience of nearly 1,000 years walked out of its doors, but the whole city came together with crucial backing from this Prime Minister.
What a difference a year makes, with Alstom saved and set to host the greatest gathering to celebrate 200 years of rail and our railways coming back into public ownership, with the headquarters of Great British Railways in Derby.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, with Labour, we are back on track?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for Derby.
She is right: whether it is the workforce I met at Alstom or the workers at Hitachi in County Durham, we will support our rail industry, providing certainty that delivers jobs, investment and security.
I met those workforces.
I know how worried they were a year ago, as she rightly says, when the previous Government were in charge.
I am really proud that Derby will be the home of Great British Railways, because we are bringing railways back into public ownership to provide better services for passengers, cutting delays and cancellations and boosting growth across the country.
I and my party join the Prime Minister in his condolences for the passing of His Holiness Pope Francis.