Does the Secretary of State agree with the Scottish Labour leader, who says there is no question but that there has to be new oil and gas, or does he agree with his colleague the Energy Secretary, who has banned new licences in the North sea and is overseeing the accelerating decline of the UK’s oil and gas basin?
The Energy Secretary and his Department are involved in a consultation on the just transition at the moment, but I go back to my earlier answers: if we are to get clean power by 2030 and to have an energy mix in this country, we require oil and gas, we require renewables and we require nuclear.
It is a simple process.
I think we all heard that, and I am sure Anas Sarwar did.
The Secretary of State was unable to agree with his own leader in Scotland, and is so in hock to the UK Labour party that he cannot stand up for Scottish workers or the Scottish oil and gas industry.
It has always been the party interest over the national interest for Labour, with no notice taken of the Scottish Labour party.
Ten years ago, the Scottish Labour party was described by its own leader as being simply the “branch office”.
Nothing has changed, has it?
The Government’s sole purpose initially, in their first few months in office, was to clear up the mess that the hon.
Gentleman’s party left in this country, including the £22 billion black hole.
We will get on with delivering our missions, including clean power by 2030.
That is what we are focused on, because that is what is good for jobs, good for bills and good for the environment.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of support available to Scottish plant and seed nurseries to sell products to Northern Ireland.
Under the Windsor framework arrangements, the Northern Ireland plant health label allows growers and traders to move plants and seeds for planting from Great Britain to Northern Ireland without a phytosanitary certificate, and Scottish businesses have benefited from that.
For example, more than 1,500 tonnes  of previously prohibited seed potatoes, mostly from Scottish traders, were moved to Northern Ireland from Great Britain last year.
As the Minister will know, according to McIntyre Fruit in Scotland, which also sells plants, it is easier to supply Japan than to send plants to Coleman’s garden centre in my constituency, and the same company is now seeing orders cancelled in Northern Ireland.
At the weekend, Ewing’s Seafoods, Northern Ireland’s oldest fishmonger, had a 40-foot container filled with hundreds of thousands of pounds of fresh fish returned from Belfast to Scotland owing to administrative paperwork errors on seven boxes.
Will the Minister, or the Secretary of State, meet me and representatives of those companies to discuss what can be done to ease the bureaucratic burden on both Northern Ireland and Scottish business?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman, but let me reassure him: the horticultural working group, co-chaired by senior officials from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Cabinet Office, was set up specifically to tackle issues involving the movement of seeds to consumers in Northern Ireland as a first priority.
The hon.
Gentleman has also mentioned other topics, and I should be happy to meet him to discuss them, too.
The working group meets regularly to address such issues, and includes representatives of the Ulster Farmers Union, the National Farmers Union and the Horticultural Trades Association, as well as business leaders and representatives of a small number of other horticultural businesses.
Scotland produces world-class potatoes, which are supplied to our iconic fish and chip shops, such as the Real Food Café and the Green Welly Stop in Tyndrum, Vincenzo’s Fish and Chips in Stirling—its fish supper won an award last year—and Corrieri’s in Causewayhead; Robert and Peter Corrieri will retire this year after decades of service.
Will the Minister recognise their value to our local economies, and assure me that more can be done to support the supply chains linking Scottish growers with these much-loved businesses?
As my hon.
Friend knows, potatoes are a staple of our national dish, haggis, neeps and tatties.
They are also a staple of my favourite breakfast, the dry potato scone.
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in recognising all the fish and chip shops in his constituency, and I would be delighted to accept invitations to a tour of fish and chip shops from any colleague on either side of the House who recognises their vital contribution.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of US tariffs on Scotland’s exports to that country.
We know that this will be a concerning time for businesses in Scotland.
In 2024, 12.3% of goods exported from Scotland were exported to the United States.
That is why the UK Government are focused on negotiating an  economic deal with the US.
As the Business and Trade Secretary made clear in his statement to the House on  3 April , the Government are resolute in our support for industries throughout the United Kingdom, and Ministers and officials will continue to engage with businesses to understand the impact that these tariffs may have.
May I associate myself with the comments about Pope Francis and Christina McKelvie, and wish you, Mr Speaker, a happy St George’s day?
It is very important that we all celebrate our national identities but still come together as one United Kingdom.
I hope that the Secretary of State and I were not too optimistic in our last exchange about trade with the US, in which we hoped that the Trump Administration would be a boost for Scottish business in the United States.
What is he doing in the UK’s discussions with the United States to ensure that specific Scottish interests, such as those of the whisky industry, are part of the arrangements?
As I have said at the Dispatch Box before, it is vital that we do all we can to strengthen our diplomatic, cultural and business ties with the United States.
I was in Washington and New York for Tartan Week in the week when tariffs were imposed on the rest of the world, and I made the case for Scotch whisky and Scottish businesses in particular.
We are engaging with Scottish exporters and industry representatives to assess the potential impact of US tariffs, and remain in contact with US counterparts.
Our pragmatic and calm approach has been overwhelmingly welcomed by businesses and industry.
We will not address this important issue in a knee-jerk way to get retweets, unlike some others in this House.
Will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the pragmatic and calm approach of our Prime Minister to this issue?
He is working in the clear interests of businesses and consumers, in contrast to Opposition Members, who seem interested only in social media and quick headlines.
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
The pragmatic approach of the Prime Minister and this Government to this issue has been welcomed by industry and businesses right across the United Kingdom.
That is in the national interests of the UK.
We work very hard together to make sure that the impacts of US tariffs on the UK are not as bad as we thought they might be.