Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Teresa

Darlene McDowney, who passed away on Thursday, February 22, 2024.
She

was born on July 15, 1971.
She was employed with the King George Sheriff's Office as an Animal

Control Officer from 2013 to 2020 and was employed with the

Westmoreland County Sheriff's Office at the time of her passing.
While

with the Westmoreland County Sheriff's Office, she served as the Animal

Shelter Manager, Animal Control Officer, and Animal Advocate.
In every

position, Teresa was a dedicated worker.
Even when she was not working

with the Sheriff's Office, she would often answer text messages about

dangerous dogs in the middle of the night and help the community with

animal related matters.
Teresa was often described as a sweet and kind lady, often assisting

her family, friends, and the community.
While Teresa was a genuinely

kind and sweet natured person, she was also very straightforward--

leaving little room for misinterpretation.
If Teresa said it, she meant

it.
She was a protector of her family and what was right.
Teresa leaves to cherish her precious memory, her husband, Kevin

McDowney of Colonial Beach, VA, and son, Nathaniel Pittman of

Williamsburg, VA.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in celebrating the life of Teresa

McDowney.
May God bless her family and her community during this time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MARILYN STRICKLAND

Ms. STRICKLAND.
Mr. Speaker, on March 20, 2024, I missed Roll Call

votes.
Had I been present I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
92,

and NAY on Roll Call No.
93.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOE MISLINSKI'S SERVICE TO OUR NATION AND THE 10TH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER

Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the

outstanding contributions and public service of Mr. Joe Mislinski.
Joe Mislinski is as a distinguished graduate of the United States

Military Academy (USMA) at West Point, Class of 1978.
A trailblazer in

his own right, Joe was pan of the inaugural class that permitted

members to select specialties beyond combat-arms, choosing the Ordnance

Corps.
Notably, Joe became the first CSMA graduate to attend the joint

service Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) school, reflecting his

courage and readiness for challenging assignments.
Joe served with distinction throughout his active-duty tenure,

including deployments in the United States supporting the Secret

Service and in Germany with the Combat Engineers in the 3rd Armored

Division during the Cold War.
Joe exhibited unwavering commitment to

national defense and global security, championing America's priorities

on the world stage.
Following his military service, Joe continued to epitomize the values

of Duty, Honor, Country as an active member of the West Point Society

of Chicago.
Over two decades, in various capacities, including serving

as board member and ultimately president, Joe was dedicated to

mentoring new cadets and fostering connections among West Point alumni

in Chicago.
Joe has also served as chair of my Military Service Academy Selection

Committee for the 10th Congressional District.
As Representative for

the 10th District of Illinois, one of my most significant

responsibilities is nominating students to our Nation's esteemed

military academies.
Since my first term in the 113th Congress, Joe has

generously volunteered his time and extensive institutional knowledge

to assist me in interviewing and ultimately nominating our future

military leaders.
As Joe embarks on a new chapter with his family in Connecticut, his

commitment to service remains undiminished, as he will serve as

coordinator for admissions to West Point for the state of Connecticut

Joe's legacy will continue to inspire us all, underscoring the profound

influence of one individual on our communities.