While she was

young, she participated in community service projects through the local

YMCA, becoming a mentor for Bookmark Buddies through the Education

Foundation of Osceola County, and, while in high school, volunteered in

Teen Court, a program to divert less serious juvenile cases away from

the more formal Juvenile Court.
During her time at Professional and Technical High School, she

enrolled in the dual enrollment program where she attended Valencia

College.
Thanks to this program, she was able to earn her associate

degree and high school diploma at the same time.
She then moved to

Gainesville, Florida, to attain her bachelor's degree in political

science and Latin American Studies--making her the first in her family

to graduate from a four-year institution.
During her time at the University of Florida, Sol advocated for

immigrant issues and completed a fellowship in the Florida State

Capitol.
Sol then moved to Washington, D.C., to pursue an internship in

Congress and worked in service of Florida's Ninth Congressional

District, providing vital support for constituents, including during

the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Sol now works at the White House

Office of Public Engagement, conducting outreach to the broader Latino

community.
Ms. Ortega's leadership has allowed her to represent Central Florida

and Kissimmee proudly.
She will continue to work towards creating

spaces for her community to be heard and represented at all levels of

government, with the goal of building a better community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SONYA STALNAKER AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Sonya Stalnaker is a Union commercial painter

by trade.
She started in 2001 as an apprentice and completed the

Painter's apprenticeship of the IUPAT in 2005.
She has spent her last

23 years dedicated to her Union, her family, and doing what she loves:

painting and helping others.
She has served in the capacity of shop steward on the job and part-

time instructor at the Painter's apprenticeship.
Working hard and

coming up in the ranks, she served as Financial Secretary in Local 1010

for the previous 5 years.
She was the Commercial Paint Coordinator for

the Florida Finishing Trades (Painter's apprenticeship) from 2021 to

2023.
Last year, she ran for President and won the election becoming the

first woman President for Local 1010.
In 2018, she was elected

President of Central Florida's Chapter of the Coalition of Black Trade

Unionists.
She strides every day to teach, educate, and do what needs to be done

to help make a difference in her Union, home, and her community.
She is

a selfless type of person that does all she can to be better so that

she can continue doing the work that needs to be done, helping those in

need and fighting THE GOOD FIGHT.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BATTERY COUNCIL INTERNATIONAL

HON.
DANIEL MEUSER

Mr. MEUSER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 100th anniversary of

Battery Council International or commonly known as BCI.
In March of

1924, 25 firms launched the National Battery Manufacturer's

Association--the group that would eventually become Battery Council

International.
Since then, BCI has been the leading trade association

for unlocking the potential of energy storage and supporting the

commercial integration of essential products.
BCI members are committed

to safe, responsible battery manufacturing and sustaining the world's

most successful circular economy.
The domestic lead battery industry is an American manufacturing story

that should make us all proud to be a part of.
The industry in the

United States has more than 165 GWh of manufacturing capacity, 39 lead

battery manufacturing facilities, over 250,000 lead battery collection

and distribution sites, and 9 lead battery recycling facilities.
Lead

batteries have a nearly 100 percent recycling rate, an industry

sustainability achievement deserving of our recognition.