From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIVES OF OFFICER ALLEN LEE HARMON AND OFFICER OTIS LEE

ROBISON

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

lives of fallen officers Allen Lee Harmon and Otis Lee Robison of the

Lincoln Police Department.
November 16th will mark the 50th anniversary of Officer Harmon and

Officer Robison's paying the ultimate sacrifice while in the line of

duty.
On November 16, 1974, the two men tragically lost their lives.
On November 15, 2024, the City of Lincoln will hold a remembrance

event at Lincoln City Hall to honor the lives of Officer Harmon and

Officer Robison.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering Officer Harmon and Officer

Robison and honoring them for their brave service and dedication to

their community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO COUNCILMAN W.B. WILSON

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a community

leader and devoted public servant.
W.B. Wilson--the ``Workhorse of

Williamsburg County''--transitioned from this life on March 15, 2024.
His rich sense of humor, wisdom, and optimistic spirit will be sorely

missed.
Councilman Wilson dedicated his life to serving others.
He was

elected to the Williamsburg County Council in 1994 and immediately got

to work improving the county's roads, many of them rural roads that had

never been paved.
W.B.'s proudest achievement was improving access to clean water in

the county.
After his father died from kidney disease directly

connected to unsafe drinking water, W.B. made it his mission to ensure

others in his community did not suffer the same fate.
As a result of

various USDA grants and loans he helped secure, Williamsburg County now

has abundant access to clean drinking water.
It was through his efforts

to improve the essential infrastructure of Williamsburg County and his

various other talents that W.B. earned his reputation as a natural

leader.
In addition to his work on the Williamsburg County Council, W.B. was

actively involved in the South Carolina Association of Counties, the

Williamsburg County Billing Committee, the Community Emergency Response

Team, the Hemingway High School band and athletic booster club, and

many other organizations.
He also served on the boards of various

community organizations and volunteered as a firefighter.
Left to cherish his memory are his wife, Verlena Dicker Wilson,

daughter, P. Jeanette Simon, son, Andre Wilson, brother, Samuel C.

Wilson and sisters, Fannie Smith and Valtricia Cunningham.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in celebrating

the remarkable life of Councilman Wilson.
Over the course of W.B.'s

long career of service, there wasn't a person in Williamsburg whose

life he didn't touch.
His decades of work improving the lives of the

people of Williamsburg will resonate for years to come.