Title: HONORING DR.
PETER STONER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
50

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
PETER STONER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

White Freedom Rider from Jackson, Mississippi, Dr. Peter Stoner.
Dr. Peter Stoner, is a courageous Civil Rights Freedom Rider and a

genuine American hero.
His selfless dedication to the Civil Rights

Movement, particularly his role as a white Freedom Rider, significantly

influenced the course of history, contributing to the passage of the

Civil Rights Voting Act of 1966.
Dr. Stoner's commitment to justice and equality demonstrated through

his role as a

white Freedom Rider, played a pivotal role in shaping history and

leading to the enactment of the Civil Rights Voting Act of 1966.
Despite enduring beatings, imprisonment, and defying discriminatory

laws by marrying outside his race, Dr. Stoner's unwavering

determination has left an indelible mark on our Nation's history.
Beyond his activism, Dr. Stoner's extraordinary actions include

enduring physical assaults, facing imprisonment, and challenging

discriminatory laws by marrying outside his race.
His sacrifices, along

with those of his family, are evident in their encounters with

challenges, such as the denial to partake in the estate of Pearl K.

Stoner.
At the age of 83, Dr. Stoner resides in Jackson, Mississippi, caring

for his wife, who is currently receiving care in a skilled nursing home

following a debilitating stroke.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Peter

Stoner's contributions to the Civil Rights Movement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JANELLE DUNN AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Janelle Dunn is the chief executive officer of

True Health, a non-profit federally qualified health center serving

low-income and underserved populations within Orange and Seminole

Counties.
Mrs. Dunn obtained a master's degree in health administration

from the University of Central Florida and a bachelor's degree in

business administration from Loyola University New Orleans.
She is a

certified medical practice executive through the Medical Group

Management Association, a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.,

Leadership Seminole Class 32.
and a proud wife and mother.
Mrs. Dunn's tenure with True Health began in 2012 when she was a

center manager.
She has held the roles of director of operations and

chief operations officer before being appointed CEO amid the global

pandemic in 2020.
Under Mrs. Dunn's leadership, True Health has grown

from seven locations to nine, added two new pharmacies and an optometry

and optical department, and acquired the Healthy Start program for

Orange County to provide services for mothers and babies.
Mrs. Dunn is

an advocate for access to healthcare and believes in the innovation and

implementation of creative solutions to existing challenges.
As

illustrated during the COVID-19 pandemic, True Health was the only FQHC

in Central Florida to operate a monoclonal infusion center, which

allowed patients to recover at home and avoid the hospital.
Mrs. Dunn's transformative leadership has been celebrated with

prestigious recognitions, including the 2021 CEO of the Year and 2020

Diversity in Business awards from the Orlando Business Journal.
In

2023, True Health was honored as the Healthcare Business of the Year by

the Seminole County Chamber of Commerce and recognized as one of the

Top 100 Women-Led Organizations in Florida by The Women's Edge.
In

January 2024.
True Health received the Humanitarian Award from the City

of Sanford's Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Celebration Steering

Committee.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JESSICA PAUL AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Jessica Paul is a St. Cloud resident and local

business owner, who advocates for the needs of all members of her

community.