The domestic lead battery industry is an American manufacturing story

that should make us all proud to be a part of.
The industry in the

United States has more than 165 GWh of manufacturing capacity, 39 lead

battery manufacturing facilities, over 250,000 lead battery collection

and distribution sites, and 9 lead battery recycling facilities.
Lead

batteries have a nearly 100 percent recycling rate, an industry

sustainability achievement deserving of our recognition.
The U.S. battery industry powers roughly $8.1 trillion worth of

domestic industrial economic output annually, or roughly 20 percent of

the U.S. economy.
Forty-eight million jobs are related to or reliant on

the battery industry and related downstream businesses.
And the

industry continues to invest to meet the future.
The batteries made by BCI members over the past century have powered

nearly a billion vehicles in the U.S. alone--a staggering contribution

to American mobility.
Fifty percent of the world's energy storage

capacity is reliant on lead batteries, which are a particularly vital

part of virtually every industry sector, including transportation,

traditional vehicles, electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles emergency

and remote power, data centers, telecommunications, and renewable

energy storage.
I am especially proud of the work of East Penn Manufacturing, which

is the largest single-site, lead battery facility in the United States.
East Penn is located in my former congressional district in Lyons,

Pennsylvania, and employs over 10,000 people.
The President and CEO of East Penn, Chris Pruitt, leads this

important company with its remarkable workforce in our state, and also

currently serves as the Chairman of the Board for Battery Council

International.
The battery industry continues to be vital for our economy, our low

carbon future, and our manufacturing sector, as well as the many

industries that rely on energy storage.
I would like to congratulate my friend and BCI board chair, Chris

Pruitt, as well as BCI President, Roger Miksad, and all of the members

on the 100th Anniversary of Battery Council International.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WOODSIDE HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL TEAM ON THEIR STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Woodside High School Men's Basketball Team from Newport News, Virginia

on becoming the Virginia High School League's Class 5 State Champions.
On Saturday, March 9, 2024, the Woodside Wolverines won the Class 5

State Championship Game against the Lloyd C. Bird Skyhawks with a score

of 53-33.
This is the second year in a row that Woodside High School

has claimed a state championship title.
Led by Coach Stefan Welsh, the

Wolverines closed their season with a record of 27 wins and 1 loss.
The Wolverines and Skyhawks battled throughout the first and second

quarters for an advantage.
At the end of the second quarter, though,

the Wolverines went on a 9-0 run positioning themselves into a 23-15

lead by halftime.
The Wolverines then expanded their lead in the second

half creating as much as a 23-point lead on their opponents.
The

Wolverines were able to defend this lead throughout the rest of the

game and ultimately win the championship.
Mr. Speaker, I want to again congratulate the Woodside High School

Basketball Team and thank Coach Welsh, the parents, and the entire

Woodside High School community for supporting these students throughout

the season.
I wish them the best in their future endeavors, and I wish

the program continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN REMEMBRANCE OF TERESA DARLENE McDOWNEY

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Teresa

Darlene McDowney, who passed away on Thursday, February 22, 2024.
She

was born on July 15, 1971.
She was employed with the King George Sheriff's Office as an Animal

Control Officer from 2013 to 2020 and was employed with the

Westmoreland County Sheriff's Office at the time of her passing.