From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JESSICA PAUL AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Jessica Paul is a St. Cloud resident and local

business owner, who advocates for the needs of all members of her

community.
As a lifelong resident of the Whitted Historic Community, the Paul

roots run deep, in Osceola County.
She is a phenomenal mother to her

handsome son, Jase.
Jessica works to unite voices big and small and has extensive

experience connecting elected officials to pressing developmental

issues facing the Whitted Historic Community, including environmental

concerns that directly impact quality of life.
Jessica serves on the

Osceola County CDBG Citizens Advisory Task Force for District 5,

ensuring every voice gets heard.
She is also an active member of St.

Luke Missionary Baptist Church of Narcoossee.
Personally, she takes an active volunteer role in coordinating local

events for the Markus Paul Foundation, which honors her late cousin, a

hometown hero and NFL legacy.
Jessica is passionate about making a

positive impact on her community through this foundation.
Jessica and her twin sister were showcased as part of Spectrum News

13's Everyday Hero and a video spotlight series presented by Experience

Kissimmee.
The feature highlighted their positive reputation for being

good neighbors and contributing to the well-being of their community.
Jessica finds solace and joy by spending quality time with her

supportive family.
She attributes her unwavering dedication and drive

to her parents, Larry and Karen Starke Paul, who taught her and her

siblings the importance of hard work and compassion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NINA PLAUSHIN

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nina Plaushin, Vice

President of Federal Affairs and Regulatory Strategy at ITC, the

largest independent transmission company in the U.S.

Nina is retiring after more than 25 years of dedicated service,

managing the twists and turns of congressional and regulatory policy.
During this time, Nina was known as a leader in the industry, always

to be consulted for her expertise and deep breadth of knowledge.
She has served various roles within industry groups, including as

President of the WIRES Coalition, President of Americans for Clean

Energy Board Grid Board and Chair the EEI Energy Delivery Executive

Advisory Committee.
Before her illustrious work at ITC, she served as Legislative

Director for Congressman Thomas C. McMillen, another figure larger than

life--quite literally.
Nina's leaving a lasting legacy at ITC and on American energy more

broadly.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Nina Plaushin

for her outstanding career.
Her retirement marks the end of an era of exceptional service and

leadership.
We wish her all the best in her well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SOL ORTEGA AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Sol Ortega was born in Peru and migrated to

Kissimmee when she was seven years old.
Her parents, Esther Rivasplata

and David Ortega, created a life in Central Florida where they

contributed to the growing tourism economy.
Her family's immigration

journey and sacrifices inspired Sol to pursue a career in public

service to give back to the community she grew up in.
While she was

young, she participated in community service projects through the local

YMCA, becoming a mentor for Bookmark Buddies through the Education

Foundation of Osceola County, and, while in high school, volunteered in

Teen Court, a program to divert less serious juvenile cases away from

the more formal Juvenile Court.
During her time at Professional and Technical High School, she

enrolled in the dual enrollment program where she attended Valencia

College.
Thanks to this program, she was able to earn her associate

degree and high school diploma at the same time.