Having a child with a rare condition who continues to get sicker despite treatment is every parent’s worst nightmare.
Recent revelations that children as young as three were immorally used as guinea pigs and given infected blood are truly horrific.
Without payouts of compensation, how can any parent have faith that the UK Government will ensure accountability and that they will take real responsibility for this scandal?
The hon.
Lady makes a powerful point.
She refers to what has come out in the press in the past few weeks.
I am anticipating that on  20 May  Sir Brian Langstaff’s final report will reveal in harrowing detail not only the allegations and what happened a long time ago, but the consequences, which have been profound and life-changing for so many people in this country.
I listened to her and the advice she gave me after the last oral questions, and I will be visiting Scotland and working with the devolved Administrations to ensure that we have a United Kingdom approach.
What steps he is taking to support armed forces veterans.
The Government continue to take unprecedented action to support those who served us: through Operation Fortitude, we are ending veterans’ rough sleeping; through Operation Restore and Operation Courage, we are supporting their health and wellbeing; and Operation Prosper is an employment pathway to help veterans secure high-value jobs.
We are also planning to publish the UK’s first draft veterans Bill, representing another step forward in our journey to make this the best country in the world in which to be a veteran.
The Wincanton armed forces breakfast club, held at the Balsam centre in my constituency, offers veterans a place to catch up, where they can have peer support and enjoy a social, hearty breakfast.
What efforts is the Minister making to support community-focused initiatives such as that for veterans across the UK?
I pay tribute to the Wincanton armed forces and veterans breakfast club.
Like many breakfast clubs, including those in my own constituency, it does an amazing job bringing together veterans and tackling  isolation and loneliness, particularly among the older generation.
I encourage all Members of the House to visit.
The clubs do not just happen, so I pay tribute to the volunteers and those who turn up every week to administrate them.
Those people do not just talk a good game on veterans; they get in there, volunteer, spend their time and really care, so I pay tribute to all of them.
Today is Anzac Day, when we remember Australians and New Zealanders who gave so much.
In an increasingly dangerous world, will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to veterans in Australia, New Zealand, here in the UK and right across the Commonwealth, to whom we owe so much?