The Secretary of State is right to say that the threat is intensifying.
Late last year, the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy urged the Government to offer more active support on cyber-security to local authorities.
He may be aware that last month my own local authority, Leicester City Council, suffered a hugely sophisticated attack, which disrupted many local authority services and has hugely inconvenienced many of my constituents, who rely on those services.
Given that we are seeing more of these ransomware group attacks on public institutions across the world and that he says, rightly, that the threat is intensifying, what urgent support and guidance is he offering local councils, such as mine in Leicester?
Specifically in relation to the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority, I have been briefed by the National Cyber Security Centre on that incident.
He is totally right to say it is a significant and serious incident, and we are working on remediation through the National Cyber Security Centre.
To prevent this type of attack from happening in the first place, we invested £2.6 billion in the national cyber strategy, which is about improving cyber-resilience and reducing legacy technology.
I have been quite open with the House in saying that the threat is intensifying because we see hostile states creating environments in which cyber-criminals can flourish, both for their own benefit and for the benefit of those hostile states.
We are working through our intelligence agencies and the National Cyber Security Centre to continuously improve our performance.
What steps his Department is taking to strengthen national security.
Protecting national security is the Government’s first duty.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister announced a fully funded plan to increase our defence spending by £75 billion over the next six years.
As part of this uplift, we will bring forward a national defence and resilience plan, building on the resilience framework and integrated review to respond to the evolving threats we face.
We are bringing our defence and civilian preparations together to reflect the interconnectedness of those threats.
The Cabinet Office plays a central role in this endeavour, co-ordinating strategy through Cobra, resilience directorates and the National Security Council.
In the past week, three people in Germany have been arrested on suspicion of spying for China and two have been charged in the UK.
This comes on the back of the Intelligence and Security Committee report which concluded that the Government have no strategy or whole-system—whole-Government —approach to deal with this serious threat.
When is the Minister going to get a grip on this serious threat to our democracy from China?
I totally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
We dealt explicitly with this in both the integrated review and the integrated review refresh, which set out a co-ordinated approach and are clear about the threats we face from hostile states—Russia, North Korea, Iran and indeed China.
We are very clear about the threats China poses to our economic security and our democratic institutions, and that is why we have taken a range of actions, including for the first time directly attributing attacks to China and imposing sanctions in respect of them.
With local and national elections on the horizon, it is vital that voters can have full confidence in the integrity of our electoral system.
With that in mind, what assessment has the Department made of the risks posed by deepfakes and misinformation in the upcoming elections?
I have considerable concerns about deepfakes being used in the upcoming elections.
We have seen hack and leak being used as a tactic by hostile states in previous elections, and we have to take into account deepfake capabilities, particularly enhanced by artificial intelligence.
That is why we are developing our strategy through the Defending Democracy Taskforce and undertaking exercises right now to enhance our capabilities.
It is, however, a challenge to all citizens not necessarily to take images to be true on first sight, because of adversaries’ enhanced capability.
What steps he is taking to improve support for female veterans.
The Office for Veterans’ Affairs has provided £445,000 for research into the lived experiences of women veterans and for development of further support.
With my hon.
Friend making valuable contributions, we are developing the Government’s first women’s strategy, which will celebrate the success of women veterans but also look at the specific challenges they face, so as to better address their needs.
I am one of the estimated 250,000 female veterans, and I have spent the last four years raising awareness of this hidden community.
I am pleased to have worked with the Minister on establishing the first female veterans strategy.
I have been chair of the advisory board; the evidence gathering has ended and the recommendations have been made.
Will the Minister let me know whether the term, “female military sexual trauma” will be acknowledged and included, and the date on which the strategy will be published?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has been a passionate advocate of this cause.
She is the first woman from the ranks to be elected to this place, and she should be incredibly proud of all she has done over her many years of work on this issue.
As I have said before from this Dispatch Box, I recognise the unique challenges around sexual trauma in the military—of course I do.
The strategy will be published before the summer recess.
I know my hon.
Friend is waiting for it, and I am determined to get it out before the recess.
I am hopeful that it will meet all the demands and all the hurt in that community that has been unmet for too long.
I have had the pleasure of meeting many female veterans in my constituency and of working with fantastic organisations such as Woody’s Lodge, the Royal British Legion, and of course Welsh Veterans Partnership.
What is the Minister doing to work with the Welsh Government and local authorities across the whole of the UK to ensure that women veterans get the support that is rightly being asked for?
We meet the devolved authorities regularly to make sure that all our strategies are in sync.
Obviously, a lot of these policy areas, whether health, housing or education, are devolved, but we are clear that, both nationally and internationally, we want the Office for Veterans’ Affairs to set the standard.
We have great relationships internationally now in terms of setting the pace on that, and I want to make sure it is concomitant with what we are doing with the devolved authorities: we have regular meetings with the Welsh Government and the Scottish, and indeed we are going over to Northern Ireland again in two weeks.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of his Department’s processes for scrutinising nominations for honours.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of his Department's processes for scrutinising nominations for honours.
It looks like the Member who tabled No. 10 is not out of bed.
A validation process is carried out to assess the strength and credibility of each nomination.
We protect the integrity of the honours system by carrying out probity checks with a number of Government Departments before the Prime Minister submits names to His Majesty the King for approval.