If I may press the Deputy Prime Minister, Foreign Office officials have refused to say whether Lord Cameron has recused himself from parts of his role as Foreign Secretary, given his previous well-paid work in promoting the  China-backed Port City Colombo.
Can the Minister tell the House whether the Foreign Secretary has recused himself from any part of his ministerial duties?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, shortly before taking office the Foreign Secretary not only had all his interests properly reviewed by the propriety and ethics team in my Department, but went through them with the independent adviser on ministers’ interests.
The independent adviser set out all relevant interests, and those have been published, so the information is transparently out there for people to be able to judge for themselves.
Ever since the monster Cyril Smith, formally of this House, but initially mayor of Rochdale, the town has been blighted by scandals of grooming and cover-up.
We currently have 64 men on bail on grooming charges in Rochdale.
The previous Labour mayor of Rochdale and the next mayor of Rochdale—the King’s representatives—were both investigated on charges of sexual malpractice towards young girls in their employ, with all the power imbalances that that implies.
Self-regulation, with no investigation by any outside party—how can this be right?
What will the Minister do to help me to clean up Rochdale?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, any criminal allegations are properly a matter for the courts, and he would not expect a Minister to comment on them from this Dispatch Box.
If he wishes to write to me in respect of the further allegations he makes, I will be happy to take them up myself or with ministerial colleagues.
What consideration has been given to the merits of making it illegal for public sector bodies to pay ransoms if they are the victim of a ransomware attack?
That is a good question; it is something the Government continue to keep open and under review.
The argument against doing so is that it could discourage companies that are subject to ransomware attacks from reporting them, for example to the National Cyber Security Centre.
Those reports help us to gather intelligence on the nature of those threats and to work with victims to resolve them.
It is not something I rule out totally, but that is the reason that we have not imposed it so far.