What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
The Government have successfully reduced inflation by more than half, making the cost of living more affordable for veterans, along with every other resident of the UK.
Veterans in employment within six months of leaving service is at an all-time high—89%—and our recently launched Operation Prosper employment pathway will help veterans and their families to secure well-paying jobs in key sectors.
Here are some facts.
Veteran homelessness has risen by 14% over the last year.
Seventeen per cent of veterans, and their families, are living in food insecure households.
Over 80,000 veterans are having to claim universal credit just to get by.
Despite the Minister’s claims of making the UK the best place in the world to be a veteran, it isn’t, is it?
The hon.
Lady says, “Here are some facts,” before reading out a load of things that are not correct.
It does not change the facts of those situations.
Last Christmas, under a programme designed by this Government, not a single veteran slept rough because of a lack of provision.
The shadow Veterans Minister,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham, Selly Oak (Steve  McCabe) , has not even turned up to ask questions this morning, so I will take no lessons from Labour on veterans.
Going into this election, veterans are deeply nervous about what Labour’s offer might be.
Again, these banal quotes about statistics are not correct.
This is not a game.
These are serious people who deserve the nation’s respect, and I encourage the Labour party to align with that.
What progress he has made on considering the recommendations of the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry.
In January, I appointed an expert group to provide technical advice on the inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
The Government will provide an update on next steps regarding those recommendations as soon as possible following the publication of the final report on  20 May .
Justice is long, long overdue on this issue.
A constituent affected by this issue told me what they had been through, which included a liver transplant, many antiviral regimes, ongoing health impacts and dealing with the fact that many of their peers—the children they spent time with when they were growing up—are no longer with us.
There is simply no financial or political price high enough to cover the stress and impact on their mental wellbeing.
This House has shown its will on this issue, so why are we still waiting and, importantly, when will people start to receive the compensation, given that on average one person dies every four days as a result of this scandal?
The hon.
Gentleman makes absolutely the right points
and I agree with his call for urgency.
As I set out in my response to the urgent question a few days ago, my absolute priority is delivering this as quickly as possible.
The legislation to set up the infected blood compensation authority is in the other place and will be debated next Tuesday.
We announced on  17 April  what we are doing on interim payments to the estates of the deceased infected.
Further work is going on and I am engaging with the community over the first 10 days of May—so before  20 May , when the report will be published.
His representation on urgency is heard by me and I am working on it as quickly as I can.