In a letter to me, the Deputy Prime Minister said of Mr Johnson’s recent trip to Venezuela that he was “not acting on behalf of the Government, and the trip was not funded by the Government.”
In a written parliamentary answer to me, we were told that Mr Johnson had only made a “courtesy call” to the British residence.
Last week, however, the chair of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments made it clear that Mr Johnson was “in breach” of the Government’s British appointment rules.
We also know from Mr Johnson himself that he had been “extensively briefed” by the embassy.
When will the Government come clean about what has actually gone on with Boris Johnson’s Venezuela visit?
I explained in an earlier answer where we are in terms of the Cabinet Office considering the letter from ACOBA.
We do expect all Ministers, civil servants and special advisers to abide by those business appointment rules.
They are contractual requirements for civil servants and are drawn to the attention of Ministers by the ministerial code.
As was announced in the Government’s response last July to the report from the Committee on Standards on Public Life, Mr Boardman’s review and the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee, we are continuing to consider methods of strengthening the system and encouraging compliance with those rules.
As for the specific case that the right hon.
Gentleman has raised, I have said that the Cabinet Office is due to respond to that letter.
What steps his Department is taking to protect public institutions and services from cyber threats.
What steps his Department is taking to protect public institutions and services from cyber threats.
The cyber threat facing the United Kingdom is intensifying.
State and non-state actors have targeted our critical national infrastructure, our businesses and even our democratic institutions.
The Government have introduced a new national cyber strategy, which takes a whole-of-society approach.
We have set out high standards of cyber-protection for our critical industries and, with the help of our world-leading agencies, we are offering advice to institutions, businesses and individuals on protecting themselves online.
Cyber-security is crucial not only to our defence sector but to others, including finance, energy and retail.
Sector leaders have raised fears about the future supply of cyber professionals.
There is some brilliant work taking place at Ebbw Vale College in my constituency—pioneering stuff is going on around cyber-security—but can the Deputy Prime Minister say what is being done to onshore these critical roles to protect our economy from attacks by hostile actors?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise this issue.
We have tremendous strengths in national cyber-security, and there are many relevant institutions around the country.
I have visited universities in Wales that are churning out brilliant graduates.
We need to do more at secondary school level to encourage more children to get involved in cyber-security, because the demand is only going to increase in the months and years ahead, and I have been engaging with the Education Secretary on precisely this point.
We have all seen in recent weeks how weak cyber-security can compromise elected representatives and lead to the extraction of often compromising information.
Could the Minister update the House on what he is doing to provide support and technology specifically to elected representatives to make sure that this does not happen in the future?
This is an important issue, which is why we established the National Cyber Security Centre.
It brings together Government Communications Headquarters expertise with that of the Cabinet Office, the Foreign Office and others.
Through the National Cyber Security Centre, we work with the House authorities and others to make sure that they have sufficient and appropriate advice, but also to advise on equipment and the general security of Members of Parliament.
If they have concerns about their cyber-security, I would urge them either to get in contact directly with the National Security Cyber Centre or to do so through the relevant House authorities.