The hon.
Gentleman’s point of order has brought us perfectly to just after 10.30 am.
We can therefore proceed to the business question.
I ask the Leader of the House for the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  29 April  will include: Monday 29 April —Consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Post Office (Horizon System)
Offences Bill.
Tuesday 30 April —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Wednesday 1
May —Remaining stages of the Automated Vehicles Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 2
May —Debate on a motion on security in the western Balkans, followed by a general debate on pension schemes.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House of Commons will rise for the early May bank holiday at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 2 May  and return on  Tuesday 7 May .
The provisional business for the week commencing  6 May  will include: Monday 6 May —The House will not be sitting.
Tuesday 7
May —General debate on defence.
Wednesday 8
May —Consideration in Committee of the Finance (No. 2) Bill.
Thursday 9
May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 10 May —The House will not be sitting.
The awful events in Wales yesterday will have been traumatic for students, staff and parents, and our thoughts are with all those affected.
I also pay tribute to Frank Field.
The words said about Frank in recent days really reflect who he was: principled, determined, relentless, kind, generous and funny.
His tireless campaigning against poverty, and for opportunity and education, changed the life of so many children who will never know it.
My thoughts are with his family and friends.
As someone well experienced in divided, weak Governments, does the Leader of the House share my concern that the SNP has broken its power-sharing deal, which its leader said only last night was in the best interests of Scotland, leaving the people of Scotland even worse off?
Under the SNP Government, one in six Scots is on an NHS waiting list, and people face higher bills and higher taxes.
Does she think that is why the Scottish Greens, the SNP’s former partners, accuse the SNP of “selling out future generations”?
This has got nothing to do with the business of the House.
It absolutely does; I am asking the Leader of the House for her opinion on these matters.
Another week, another litany of problems for the Government.
Last week, there was more scandal and internal positioning, and this week, there is a catalogue of failings.
The Government’s flagship childcare plan is  in tatters.
They spent months in denial, yet this week the Department for Education finally admitted what many parents have been experiencing: that the roll-out targets are “problematic”.
Yesterday, the spending watchdog warned that the Government’s plan does not “achieve its primary aim or demonstrate value for money”.
The report was damning about the DFE’s oversight and planning for new places.
Can the right hon.
Lady guarantee that full delivery of the plan is on track?
This is the reverse-Midas-touch Government.
Only they could turn what should be a popular policy into such a vote loser.
Another policy that the Government have turned to dust is their pledge on renters’ rights.
Ahead of Report stage of the Bill on that subject yesterday, the Government tabled hundreds of amendments—a poor reflection of the Leader of the House’s oversight of the legislative agenda.
The amendments watered down that weak Bill even further, and there is no guarantee that banning section 21 evictions will ever happen.
Is it any wonder that the Renters Reform Coalition has pulled its support for the Bill?
Despite the Government finally passing their Rwanda legislation, it has emerged that around 100,000 illegal migrants will languish in hotels at the taxpayers’ expense in perpetuity, unable to be removed or even processed because of the Government’s last piece of legislation.
How is stopping the small boats going?
The Government promised levelling up, yet the chair of Middlesbrough football club, a former Ben Houchen superfan, said that the Tees Valley Mayor is “giving away our children's future” through his management of the South Tees Development Corporation.
He is right, isn’t he?
In perhaps what will become the Conservatives’ most lasting and damaging legacy, there is more worrying evidence today about generation lockdown, among which there is not only massive school drop-out and absenteeism rates, but more drinking, because this Government failed to put in place the catch-up support needed.
It is no wonder that this country is crying out for change.
How is the Leader of the House feeling about her party’s chances next week?
We all want to know.
I see that on the day we return after the local elections there is a general debate.
Is that in anticipation of something, or to keep Government Members away from Westminster?
We are still waiting on a lot of important legislation.
Order.
I hesitate to interrupt the hon.
Lady, but I will do so now before she comes to her peroration.
Earlier in her questioning, she referred to matters in the Scottish Parliament, and asked the Leader of the House her opinion on them.
She has just asked the Leader of the House her opinion on a general political matter.
This is business questions, and it is about the business of the House.
I let the hon.
Lady’s questions go very wide.
They do not have to be exactly about the business of the House for next week, but they ought to relate to the business of the House of Commons.
If, rather than asking the opinion of the Leader of the House, she asked a question about the business before us, that would be perfectly in order.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I was about to ask why legislation such as the Criminal Justice Bill and the Sentencing Bill is not coming forward  the week after the local elections, as has been demanded by Members on both sides of the House.
Many other things could also come before us for debate, yet the day we come back after the local elections is very light.
I wonder why that is.
Has the Leader of House cleared her diary for that day, too?
Is that why we have such light business that week?
No matter how much the Government’s Mayors and candidates hide behind their green and purple branding, there is no escaping the fact that they are standing on the woeful record of this Tory Government.
We have a plan—they might not like it, but we do—to bring down waiting lists, to deliver lower energy bills, to build more homes and, as we have set out today, to reform our railways in the interest of the travelling public.
It is not more free cash, as some have said.
The truth is that a vote for the Conservatives is a vote for this chaotic mess to continue.
Is it not the case that if people want change, they have to vote Labour next Thursday?
First, may I send my thoughts and sentiments to all those affected by the appalling events in Wales?
I hope that the community recovers swiftly.
May I also place on record my sadness at the loss of our former colleague Frank Field, who was MP for Birkenhead for more than 40 years?
When I was going for candidate selection for the Conservative party, one of the questions I was asked was who in the Labour party I most admired, and my answer was Frank Field.
Many knew him for his relentless work combating poverty and its causes, but he had many other interests that he pursued with equal vigour.
I was particularly pleased to work with him on trying to secure the building of new ships in the UK, and he was also a fellow Brexit campaigner.
The connection he had to the people he served, and the duty that he felt towards them and never wavered from, was profound, and I send my deepest sympathy to all who knew and loved him.
May I also pay tribute to Dame Elizabeth Gardiner DCB KC for her service as first parliamentary counsel?
She was the first woman to hold that role in its 150-year history, and she has had a very busy eight years.
I place on record my thanks to her for her service and wish her well.
I also congratulate Jessica de Mounteney, who succeeds her.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  asks me about the SNP.
I am sure that we will come to that shortly, but the Greens leaving the coalition provides the Labour party with an opportunity.
I thought a memo had gone out to Labour Front Benchers saying that they should go easy on the SNP, with a view to perhaps forming some sort of coalition or alliance with it north of the border.
The hon.
Lady and her party talk a good talk—she just has on childcare, ensuring that people have a warm and secure home, and levelling up the Tees Valley—but it is the Conservatives who are delivering the largest expansion of free childcare.
It is the Conservatives who have built 2.5 million new homes and are getting people on the housing ladder, and it is the Conservative Mayor Ben Houchen who has delivered regeneration for the Tees Valley and an employment rate 3% above the  national average.
In response to the point about the need for more and better competition, the Conservatives are introducing legislation and schemes to strengthen the arm of the consumer, such as FairFuelUK’s PumpWatch.
Labour’s answer reduces competition further and is a return to the British Rail sandwich.
The hon.
Lady touts the move that was announced today.
The shadow Transport Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh) , says that the change will be done at zero cost, but we read that it will actually require £10 billion of additional funding and will not deliver any fare decreases or improved services.
It is socialist ideology over practicality.
Even Lew Adams, ASLEF’s former secretary-general, said: “in the public sector, all we got were cuts, cuts, cuts.
And today there are more members in the trade union, more train drivers, and more trains running.
The reality is that it worked, we’ve protected jobs, and we got more jobs.”
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central raises the issue of Rwanda.
In response to the British Government’s need to control foreign nationals’ access to the UK, the Conservatives have been doing the hard yards of institutional and legal reform.
We have introduced legislation establishing the Rwanda scheme, and the Home Secretary is working to modernise the international frameworks that govern it.
In contrast, Labour has voted hundreds of times against that legislation, and says that it will scrap the Rwanda scheme even if it is working.
Instead, it is pursuing a quota scheme that would see immigration rise.
We will never do that.
The hon.
Lady talks of change, but the Labour party has not changed at all.
While Labour Members have been scoffing prawn cocktail, they have been devising 70 new business burdens that they plan on introducing.
While posing next to submarines, Labour Members—several Front-Bench Members—voted to scrap our deterrent and are refusing to match our baseline on defence spending.
While Labour Members criticise and sneer at those who celebrate the St George’s flag, they are allowing some of them to occupy the Labour Front Bench.
Today’s Labour party is packed with the same old socialists and a few new plastic patriots, and no amount of window dressing— On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Before the Leader of the House finishes, I can take a point of order if it relates directly to the matters that we are discussing.
Absolutely, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Leader of the House is misleading the House.
[Interruption.]
The Leader of the House just said— Order.
Hold on.
The hon.
Lady cannot accuse the Leader of the House of misleading the House.
That would be quite wrong and, if the Leader of the House had done something along those lines, I would have stopped her immediately.
If the hon.
Lady means that she disagrees with the Leader of the House, that is a different matter.
Madam Deputy Speaker, it is a matter of fact that Labour Members celebrated St George’s day.
We all put it on our social media, and the leader of   our party has made a point of wrapping himself in the flag.
The Leader of the House is completely incorrect in what she just said to the House.
I think the hon.
Lady means that anything that the Leader of the House might have said would have been inadvertently misleading.
I hope that the Leader of the House will correct the record right now.
I wanted to take that point of order while the Leader of the House was still on her feet.
I am quite sure that the Leader of the House did not intend to make any misdirection.
Would she care to take that point?
I had finished my response to  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) , but I am happy to add: the truth hurts.
rose— Order.
Let us be clear: we will be taking questions that relate to the business of the House.
I call the vice-chairman of the Backbench Business Committee.
I bring good news from the Chairman of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns) , whose daughter-in-law is recovering.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] That is good news, and he hopes to be back next week.
May I add my condolences to those sent to the family of Lord Field?
I had the opportunity to meet him when I was a student at Liverpool University.
He was a redoubtable campaigner on everything he believed in and one of those people I profoundly respected.
On behalf of the Backbench Business Committee, in addition to the business that my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House has announced, on  Thursday 9
May  there will be a debate on miners and mining communities and a debate on the BBC mid-term charter review.
If we are given the time for  Thursday 16 May , we have offered a debate on the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report on women’s state pension age, which is extremely well subscribed; and if we are given  23 May , there will be a debate on UK arms exports to Israel and inequalities in dementia services.
In further good news, we have filled up the business for Westminster Hall on Tuesdays until the Whitsun recess with debates on: costs associated with illegal immigration; the impact of smartphones on social media; and the introduction of UK-made zero-emission buses in the UK.
On Thursday, we have debates on global health agencies and on Global Intergenerational Week.
The Backbench Business Committee has been aiming to get as many debates on the agenda as possible, but, as always, if Members have requests, they should please submit them by Friday lunchtime and we will deal with them as appropriate.
Over the weekend, I spoke to a number of women who are frightened of walking home after dark.
The fact is that the rise in crime in London has been dramatic, the rise in knife crime has been dramatic, and the  Metropolitan police is the only force in the country that has failed to meet its recruitment target.
Could we have a statement next week on actions that the Government will take to ensure that we have the police that are needed in London to make women—and men—feel safe when they are travelling home?