This is the first time in my 19 years as a Member of Parliament that I have raised this sort of frustration and complaint, so I hope my right hon.
Friend realises how serious it is.
Over a month ago, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary about a British citizen whose husband is being held illegally in a foreign country without trial.
I have tried repeatedly to ask the Foreign Secretary for a reply and I went to the Deputy Foreign Secretary to chase things up, but still nothing.
I find it wholly unacceptable that the Foreign Secretary has not replied to me in over a month of correspondence when I am raising the rights of a British citizen whose husband is being kept in appalling circumstances abroad.
It is his duty and responsibility to respond in writing to Members in a timely fashion.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House please take this issue up for me with the Foreign Office?
I am very sorry to hear that.
This is clearly an incredibly pressing matter.
If my hon.
Friend gives me further details after business questions, I shall raise it immediately with the Foreign Office and ensure that he is able to speak to the people he needs to speak to in order to do his duty by his constituents.
Will the Leader of the House advise me on how we can bring Ministers to the House to account for their decisions on arms export licences?
As she knows, the Select Committee on Business and Trade assumed responsibility for the oversight of arms export licences in January.
At the beginning of April, an important legal judgment was issued by the International Court of Justice.
We therefore held our first hearing on licensing arms exports to Israel yesterday.
We gave Ministers 20 days’ notice to attend, together with detailed questions in correspondence.
I am grateful to the Deputy Foreign Secretary for his apology to me yesterday for the Foreign Office not fielding a Minister.
I have had no such correspondence or contact from the Department for Business and Trade.
This is not acceptable.
Ministers are politically accountable to Parliament.
This is a matter of extreme interest to the House, and it is part of Ministers’ legal responsibility that they are politically accountable.
Will the right hon.
Lady advise me on what steps she can take next week to ensure that a Minister answers for the judgments the Government have made?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman takes those new responsibilities very seriously.
As he knows, both Departments have made it clear that they are perfectly happy to attend and be scrutinised in respect of those decisions and to answer questions on the Government’s position.
Twenty days’ notice sounds like a long time, but he will understand that the Ministers in question may have travel obligations and might therefore have been unable to make the specific date.
I know that he knew last Friday that they would not be able to attend the session that took place yesterday.
I also know that the Deputy Foreign Secretary spoke to him and, I hope, reassured the right hon.
Gentleman of his intention to field a Minister for his Committee.
Even though I am not telling the right hon.
Gentleman anything he does not already know, I hope that reassures him that Ministers do intend to attend.
I am very sure that no stunts such as those that took place yesterday will be required to get them to do so.
May we have a statement on Harlow Council and the success of its Conservative administration?
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that Conservative-led Harlow Council has cut and frozen council tax for three years and protected vital public services, as well as clearing the housing backlog and securing millions of pounds in Government investment to build an even better Harlow.
Harlow’s Conservative council is currently led by the youngest council leader in political history, Mr Dan Swords, who is a former apprentice in my office.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that how Harlow Council leads, other councils should follow, and will she encourage everyone in Harlow and across the country to vote Conservative on  2 May ?