Last year, the UK Government promised to relocate hundreds of civil service posts to the north-east of Scotland.
It has now been confirmed that the total number will be 35.
Given the billions generated in energy revenues and the unparalleled potential of our area in powering our green future, can the Minister please explain to the people of the north-east of Scotland how hundreds and 35 are now the same thing?
I think the hon.
Lady is referring to the second headquarters of the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero in Aberdeen, which I visited just before Christmas.
I think that there was a misunderstanding about the numbers that were quoted in the paper.
Some 18,283 jobs have moved out of London as a consequence of the places for growth programme.
I will examine the number that have moved to Scotland, and write to her to clarify the Government’s position.
I recently met with Emma Howard Boyd to discuss the interim findings of the Mayor of London’s climate resilience review, which she has been leading on.
It involves the work of many different Government Departments at a national level.
Will the Minister update us on whether we are conducting a similar exercise?
The review is looking at what the impact would be of a similar heat- wave to the one we had a couple of years ago, flash flooding and all sorts of things.
It is not just the responsibility of DESNZ or the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs; it covers many Departments, so it is a Cabinet Office responsibility.
It is an important question.
We are doing exactly that.
Extreme heat is something that we have to increasingly plan against.
That is why last year, for the first time, we introduced an alert system for extreme heat that matches the alert system for extreme cold.
I disagree, though, with the Mayor of London that the way to deal with this is to start imposing 20 mph speed limits everywhere and an ultra low emission zone.
I hope that the people of London will take the opportunity to vote against that next week.
Earlier we heard a number of statements from the Opposition questioning ministerial integrity, but perhaps they should look closer to home—to be precise, at the first Minister of Wales and his links with donations to his leadership campaign and the Development Bank of Wales.
Can the Minister tell us when the Welsh Labour party will apply to itself the standards that Labour has called for in the Chamber this morning—[Interruption.]
Order.
If you all shout, I cannot hear what the hon.
Lady is saying, but I think there is some doubt: the hon.
Lady cannot ask the Minister a question about what the Labour party will do.
Would she like to rephrase what she is saying?
With reference to the links between the First Minister of Wales, the donations to his campaign and the Development Bank of Wales, would the Minister like to describe why this is such an issue for the people of Wales while the Opposition keep shouting that we are doing the wrong thing?
My hon.
Friend makes a very strong point.
If a devolved Administration receives a donation as part of a political campaign—if the leader of that Administration receives a £200,000 donation at the same time that the Development Bank of Wales makes a £400,000 loan to a subsidiary of that company—that is surely a matter of public interest.
It will be for the First Minister of Wales to determine what is appropriate, but I would have thought some explanation would be the very least that the people of Wales would expect.
Last year the Government pledged to introduce a ministerial deed to legally commit Ministers to keeping to the after-Government business appointment rules.
If I were cynical, I could think of a reason why the Government have not brought that commitment forward, but might the Minister give an idea of when he intends to do so?
The hon.
Lady is right: in July, in response to those three reports from the Committee on Standards in Public Life, the Boardman review and the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee, the Government did say they would work up strengthening the rules on business appointments and developing that ministerial deed.
I cannot give an update at this point, because it is work the Deputy Prime Minister and his team are leading on, but it is important work and we do need to get it right.