The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs,  the right hon.
Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , will know that many councils in Northern Ireland have appointed veterans’ champions.
Will he join me in acknowledging the work that many veterans’ champions do?
Will he also call on the wide range of political parties on councils in Northern Ireland to offer their unstinting support to those champions to help to deliver services to veterans?
Yes, of course.
We have made extraordinary progress on veterans affairs in Northern Ireland.
I recognise and have always recognised the unique difficulties of that.
Veterans’ services, and ensuring that these people are looked after because of their service, should not be at   the whim of different political parties.
I am working at pace to establish an outpost of the Office for Veterans’ Affairs in Northern Ireland to create an environment where everyone can work together and pull together all the different services to get veterans’ care in Northern Ireland up to the same level as in England.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman and other elected representatives out there from all parties to make sure that we do the right thing.
With two former Conservative Prime Ministers having recently contravened the ministerial code—twice, in the case of Boris Johnson—and the Radcliffe rules, in the case of his successor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , is it now Tory party policy to routinely ignore the rules?
If not, what sanctions will they face?
The hon.
Lady is correct to say that the book by the former Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , was reviewed under the Radcliffe rules.
The Cabinet Office did not clear it.
The overwhelming majority of books that are submitted do comply.
We will have to keep these matters under review.
This is a very simple question to the Deputy Prime Minister: does the Foreign Secretary stand recused in any aspect of his job by virtue of his financial interests, either now or before he was appointed to his post—yes or no?
The Labour party keep on pushing on this point, but I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the latest list of ministerial interests, which was published in December and provides details of Minister’s interests, including those of the Foreign Secretary, that are judged by the independent adviser to be relevant, or could be perceived to be relevant, to their ministerial roles.
All of it is there in the public domain.
With reference to the written questions that the Parliamentary Secretary to the Cabinet Office has answered, can he outline what the Government consider to be the difference between a foreign court and an international court?
We have answered this question on a number of occasions.
The Paymaster General told my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  that he could not give a timeline with regard to the infected blood scandal compensation.
This subject is raised on an almost daily basis in this House by Members on both sides, because our constituents just cannot understand why it is taking so long.
Can he at least give an indication of when he thinks compensation might begin to be paid?
It is especially important given that, as I understand it, one victim of the scandal dies every four days.
The answer to this is to be found when we issue the comprehensive response to the inquiry, as soon as possible after  20 May .
Legislation is going through  the other place to make good on the amendment that was passed in this House by virtue of the advocacy and leadership of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) .
We have announced that we will make some interim payments to the estates of those deceased infected who have not yet received any money, but the substantive response to translate 18 recommendations into meaningful and actionable responses for a wide community over 40 or 50 years obviously demands a lot of work to quantify and get the process right.
We will update the House as quickly as possible after  20 May .
Just now, the Deputy Prime Minister raised the issue of the £75 billion public spending announcement.
Would he care to tell the House why, after 14 years in power, it takes an upcoming general election for him and his party to make defence spending policies?
It may have escaped the hon.
Gentleman’s attention, but Russia has invaded Ukraine and Iran’s proxies are attacking our allies in the middle east.
That demands a response from the Government, and it has been provided by the Prime Minister.
It is very notable that the Labour party is failing to match that commitment.
Papers at an employment tribunal last week reported that Rowaa Ahmar, a former civil servant, stated that “the racism within the Cabinet Office appeared to be unrelenting and systemic”, and that, despite having a role as head of policy in the Government’s illegal migration taskforce, she was made unwelcome at meetings about the Rwanda plan because of her views on the racist ultra-hostility of the policies.
Is Ms Ahmar right that speaking up against racism in the Cabinet Office is a career death sentence?
I do not accept that at all.
Of course, Ms Ahmar withdrew her allegations completely on the eve of having them scrutinised at the higher tribunal, so I do not accept that, and it is absolutely right that senior civil servants take action when there are performance issues with the staff under them, without fear of allegations being made against them.
Further to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  about the infected blood scandal, the Cumberlege report highlighted over three years ago the need for redress for victims of the sodium valproate, vaginal mesh and Primodos scandals.
What progress has been made on redress for those victims?
I am sorry; I am not able to give an answer on those other scandals.
There was a Backbench Business debate on redress schemes last Thursday, to which the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  replied.
I believe that work is ongoing, but I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman to give him a thorough answer on the matter.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I appreciate that standards may have changed since I was last in this place, but in answer to the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady) , the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office,  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , rose to the Dispatch Box and said, “We have answered this question on a number of occasions.”
Can that possibly be a legitimate ministerial answer?
After all, that could be the answer to virtually every question that is ever asked in this House.