Unfortunately, this morning many of my constituents find themselves in the same position as the two now former Scottish Green Ministers, in that they have been cut off from government services.
In Kirkliston, the post office is going to close, which will deny many of my constituents access to vital government services and to cash, as no banking facility is available within easy reach by public transport.
I know that the Minister of State, Department for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , is very busy dealing with the Horizon scandal, but could he come to the House to give us an update on why so many post offices across the country are closing and leaving constituents in the same position as mine?
I am sorry to hear that that is happening in the hon.
Lady’s constituency
and I will certainly make sure that the Post Office Minister has heard what she has said today.
I will also ask officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to get in contact with her office.
She will know that where this has happened in communities and people are not able to get access to free cash services, or banks or other bricks-and-mortar premises are closing, there are ways in which to ensure that businesses and individuals have access to those services.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has a good best practice guide on how that can be delivered.
I bring good news from Kettering, where Kettering General Hospital has become the first hospital in the whole of Europe to insert into more than 100 patients the very latest, special, state-of-the-art implantation loop recorders, which diagnose heart rhythm disturbances such as atrial fibrillation; in fact, 178 local patients have now benefited from that innovative diagnostic tool.
May we have a statement from the Leader of the House congratulating Kettering General Hospital and its superb cardiac team on that wonderful achievement?
We all look forward in business questions to more good news from Kettering.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the work he has done in supporting the hospital and in securing the £1.2 million-worth of  funding that was given to expand and upgrade its facilities.
We can all be proud that the hospital is one of the first in Europe to fit those devices, which will make a huge difference to patients, and I am sure that everyone here would want to congratulate Kettering General Hospital and its cardiac team on that landmark achievement.
It is standard practice in schools, universities, the NHS, local government and Government Departments that if somebody is arrested for or charged with a sexual or violent crime, a risk assessment will be carried out, followed potentially, if necessary, by an exclusion or suspension from work, pending further investigations and, if necessary, a trial.
The Standards Committee and the House of Commons Commission agreed that we should have something similar for this House, which has been sitting on the stops now for several months.
I understand there are perfectly legitimate questions about exactly how that should operate, but I do not understand why the Leader of the House has not tabled the motion that came straight from the House of Commons Commission, which I would think was her duty as Leader of the House.
Secondly, why has she pulled the vote on at least one occasion and still not given us a date to have that vote?
We need to burnish the reputation of this House, not tarnish it.
Will she please give us a date, as soon as possible, so that we can have a debate and come to a legitimate view on how we can progress this?
I hope to be able to do that at the next business statement I give.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that we have had a number of pieces of legislation that we have needed to act on, some of which was not expected, so we have had to find space for that.
He will know that as a member of the Commission I take this matter seriously and I would be very happy to bring forward that debate, and I hope it will be announced in my next business statement.
In her opening remarks, my right hon.
Friend referred to the rail network and was rightly critical of Labour’s latest proposals to make changes to that.
My constituents want improved services on the Brigg to Cleethorpes and Barton to Cleethorpes lines, and on through services from Grimsby and Cleethorpes to London.
Could we have a debate about the state of the rail industry and the way forward, and how we can improve services for customers, rather than tinker with the structure?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I thank him for his continuing campaign to ensure that his constituents can get better rail services and we are maintaining good value for money.
I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State for Transport has heard his request.
He will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way.
For years now, victims of the Philips Trust scandal have been trying to get answers to their questions on how they can recover the money building societies, including the Newcastle Building Society, encouraged them to invest in family trusts with unregulated companies.
They have been let down at every level, especially by the Financial  Conduct Authority.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Chancellor to meet with me and representatives of the Philips Trust Action Group to address this issue quickly?
I am sorry to hear about the situation and I thank the hon.
Lady for her ongoing efforts on behalf of her constituents.
I will certainly ensure that the Chancellor and relevant Ministers have heard her plea.
To try to make up for its financial mismanagement, Labour-run Kirklees Council is looking to introduce new car parking charges, punishing hard-working families and destroying our high streets in our towns and villages.
In a recent damning report, independent auditors said about Kirklees: “We have been unable to satisfy ourselves that the Council has made proper arrangements for securing economy, efficiency and effectiveness in its use of resources.”
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to a debate on the failings of this shambolic Labour-run council?