I will be laying a wreath on behalf of the House.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of public sector procurement of digital goods and services.
The Government recognise how vital digital products and services are for delivering public services.
The digital, data and technology playbook provides best practice guidance for the procurement of digital products and services.
The playbook is updated annually, most recently in June 2023.
Departments are responsible for ensuring that public services delivered by the private sector represent value for money.
Digital services procurement should be a win, win, win: the British public get better services, businesses get a good and reliable customer, and public services are reduced in cost.
However, that is not the case under this Government.
Departments are locked into single-source providers and dependent on legacy systems.
The National Audit Office itself said that procurement was not competitive enough.
As an example of that, can the Minister say how competitive cloud service provision is across his Government?
Will he set out how he is using open source to boost competitiveness in digital services procurement?
We have a highly successful commercial function in Government, which is driving up value for money across all our commercial arrangements.
It monitors  contracts, before, during and after they have been in place, to ensure that we reduce the chances of issues such as lock-in.
I strongly advise the hon.
Lady to go and read the commercial function documentation— I have.
I am sure she has not.
She should read the commercial function documentation that comes out of the Cabinet Office, because she will see, as has been shown successively, that it saves billions of pounds for the British taxpayer.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Cabinet Office continues to play a central co-ordinating role in protecting our national and economic security.
Last week, we published the response to the call for evidence on the National Security and Investment Act 2021, and I set out the steps we will take to fine-tune that system, including honing our approach to export controls, outward investment and providing more support to business.
Later, I will be convening a round table of university vice-chancellors to brief them on the security risks in research and academia, and to discuss how we address those.
All of that complements our plans for a generational £75 billion uplift in defence spending, including a new national defence and resilience plan, setting out a cross-Government approach to security, preparedness and resilience as a nation.
It is often claimed by critics that the continual stream of ineffective and incompetent legislation we see from Holyrood is evidence of the need for a second, democratically elected Chamber to scrutinise properly.
We have such an effective Chamber here and this week we have seen how important it can be in legislation.
Would that Chamber’s position not have been strengthened by being a democratically elected second revising Chamber?
Does the Secretary of State agree that the time has come when we need to look again at how we reform the House of Lords to make it more relevant to the 21st century and more democratic?
I am afraid that I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady about having an elected second Chamber.
This is the democratic Chamber for our nation.
It is the principal voice of the nation.
We do not need a second Chamber in conflict with this one, further burdening and complexing legislative processes.
The very welcome Windsor framework demonstrated a strong commitment to human and animal health by extending Northern Ireland’s access to veterinary medicines until 2025.
I welcome the establishment of the veterinary medicines working group by the Cabinet Office and the Northern Ireland Minister of State.
I am pleased to be part of that group, which is working hard to find a permanent solution to this matter.
Can my right hon.
Friend, the Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office, reassure the House that the Government will continue to strain every sinew in discussions with the EU to protect both animal health and public health in Northern Ireland and right across the UK with a permanent solution for access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland?
Yes, Madam Deputy Speaker, I can so assure my hon.
Friend.
I am very grateful to him for bringing his professional expertise to bear within the working group.
We have met twice and we intend to report at the end of June.
We will then have a consistent and coherent position with which we can go forward to blend a combination of adaptation and, I hope, productive negotiations with the EU to deliver a long-lasting, permanent solution to safeguard both animal and human health on the island of Ireland.
I am determined that we should do that in a coherent and professional manner, and I look forward to working with him to do so.