Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Colleen Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, and Anne Marie Wagner, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, and David Huitema, of Maryland, to be Director of the Office.
SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety culture, focusing on firsthand accounts.
SD-342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2024 for the Department SD-192 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America, focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities for Food is Medicine.
SD-430 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 465, to require Federal law enforcement agencies to report on cases of missing or murdered Indians, and S. 2695, to amend the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities.
SD-628 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense's efforts to ensure servicemembers' access to safe, highquality pharmaceuticals.
SD-G50 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine pending legislation.
SR-418 4 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-232A 4:45 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's atomic energy defense activities and Department of Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-222