Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the 2024 NCAA Women's National Basketball Champions, the University of South Carolina WBB Gamecocks.
In a tremendous demonstration of skill, teamwork, and depth, the Gamecocks clinched their third national title on April 7, 2024, after a perfect season.
The road to the championship was far from easy.
The Gamecocks embarked on a season unlike any other, achieving 38 consecutive wins.
Pre-NCAA tournament victories included a highly competitive match-up against reigning champions Louisiana State University and a nail-biter against the University.
During the NCAA tournament, the Gamecocks beat No. 15 seed in-state neighbor Presbyterian College; No. 8 seed University of North Carolina; No. 4 seed Indiana University; No. 3 seed Oregon State University; No. 3 seed NC State University; and No. 1 seed University.
The championship game was the first time the Gamecocks and Hawkeyes met since Iowa, led by their star point guard Caitlin Clark, defeated South Carolina in the 2023 NCAA Final Four.
This time, teamplay defeated individual performance.
The Gamecocks had four players in double figures, led by Tessa Johnson with 19 points; Kamilla Cardoso with 15 points and 17 rebounds; Te-Hina Paopao with 14 points; and Chloe Kitts with 11 points and 10 rebounds.
South Carolina guards Raven Johnson and Bree Hall's defensive contributions slowed down Clark, who was fresh off a 41-point victory, two days earlier.
South Carolina's success can be attributed to the contributions of the Gamecock bench, which outscored Iowa's bench 37-0.
Their 37 of South Carolina's 87 points in the Championship game gave the sports world an appropriate understanding of our Nation's motto, E Pluribus Unum (out of many, one).
This victory is a testament to Coach Dawn Staley's leadership skills.
Her dedication to developing young talent and ability to create a culture of excellence were rewarded handsomely.
After last year's Final Four defeat, all five South Carolina starters--one of which was an AllAmerican and another the future No. 1 pick in the WNBA draft--departed the team.
All for various and good reasons.
Despite receiving an Associated Press Top 25 preseason ranking. 6, the 8-time SEC Champions quickly rose to No. 1.
Their unwavering dedication, offensive prowess, and defensive tenacity left opponents at a loss.
From each opening tip to the final buzzer, this South Carolina team were models of resilience and determination, with their relentless spirit propelling them to this ultimate triumph.
Coach Staley, who I am proud to call a friend, led a team that lost all five of last year's starters.
She recruited and assembled some remarkable and talented young women and built them into an outstanding team.
Their starting line-up consisted.
10 Kamilla Cardoso, senior and starting center from Montes Claros, Brazil; No. 0
Te-Hina Paopao, senior and starting guard from Oceanside, California; No. 21 Chloe Kitts, sophomore and starting forward from Oviedo, Florida; No. 23 Bree Hall, junior and starting guard from Dayton, Ohio; and No. 25 Raven Johnson, sophomore and starting guard from Atlanta, Georgia.
Their supporting cast consisted.
12 MiLaysia Fulwiley, freshman guard and No. 2 Ashlyn Watkins, sophomore forward both from Columbia, South Carolina; No. 5 Tessa Johnson, freshman guard from Albertville, Minnesota; No. 20 Sania Feagin, junior forward from Ellenwood, Georgia; No. 35 Sakima Walker, senior center from Columbus, Ohio; and No. 15 Adhel Tac, freshman center from Grand Prairie, Texas.
This national championship win is a collective achievement, but special mention is appropriate for their only player currently scheduled to depart, Kamilla Cardoso.
She was named Most Outstanding Player of the Tournament after averaging a double-double during postseason play.
Cardoso also drew All-America honors from the U.S. Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) (First Team), the AP (Second Team), and the Wooden Award.
Additionally, the Women's Basketball Coaches Association (WBCA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC) named her Defensive Player of the Year, and she was named to the All-SEC.
First Team.
Some individual achievements of her teammates should be celebrated as well.
Guards Raven Johnson and Te-Hina Paopao, along with forward Ashlyn Watkins, earned spots on the All-SEC Second Team and MiLaysia Fulwiley made the SEC All-Freshman Team.
Paopao also picked up AllAmerica recognition from the USBWA (Second Team) and the AP (honorable mention).
Coach Staley, a legend in her own right, has transformed South Carolina WBB into an absolute basketball powerhouse.
The Gamecocks have won 8 regular season championships, 8 SEC tournament championships, and 3 national championships.
This year, Coach Staley was named the Naismith Women's College Coach of the Year, AP Women's Coach of the Year, WBCA Coach of the Year, and SEC Coach of the Year.
She also became the first Black coach, male or female, to win three Division 1 basketball titles and the fifth coach to win at least three titles.