Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life, service, and career of Tom Dauterman of Chico, California who passed away peacefully after a three-year battle with cancer on February 26, 2024.
Tom was born on July 19, 1942, in Los Angeles, California.
His family moved to Durham, California in 1948, where he attended school, and he graduated as a member of the class of 1960.
He worked as a carpenter with his father building houses after high school.
On November 30, 1963, Tom married the love of his life, Sue Mathews, and they began their life together, making their home in Chico.
Tom left his job with PG&E and established Thomas Welding in his garage in Chico in 1972.
Thomas Hydraulics followed in 1974 as well as Thomas Manufacturing in 1996.
What was once Tom's small business idea now stands as one of the largest machine shops north.
Tom served the Chico community with excellence, teaching and mentoring many and never hesitated to share his time and knowledge with those he encountered.
His encouragement and support of welding and agriculture programs in local high schools has impacted countless students in our local community.
He was a true engineer as well as a builder; taking on many projects, which included innovating and developing agricultural equipment.
Throughout the years Tom enjoyed vacations with friends, and attending classic car, boat, and air shows.
Most recently he looked forward to his weekly visits to Hotel Diamond for coffee, lunch bunch, and tea at three.
Tom also enjoyed spending time at Lake Almanor and hosted an annual 4th of July celebration for 19 years.
His love for the community of Chico drove Tom to be a faithful supporter of the Boys and Girls Club as well as the Salvation Army and additionally many other community organizations.
Tom was also a 35-year member of Chico Rotary, as well as a Chico Elks Lodge member for 53 years.
Tom will be missed not only by his family and friends but also by the greater Chico community who benefitted from his benevolence.
Many projects and endeavors were accomplished with Tom's silent participation both financially and with hours of hard work.
He was a true public servant.
We forever will be grateful for the legacy he has left.