Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the career.
Bruce Busler who is retiring after 14 years of civil service as the director of the Joint Deployment Process and Analysis Center at United States Transportation Command.
Bruce is a once-in-a-generation leader who has made a transformational impact on the Defense Transportation System and the Department of Defense at large.
He shaped programs necessary for mobility capabilities such as airlift, sealift and surface transport to support the national defense strategy.
In his efforts to support the Joint Deployment and Distribution Enterprise, 
Mr. Busler spearheaded operational analysis and decisionmaking initiatives through harnessing the power of data for the Joint Force.
These efforts through the Enterprise Data Science initiative enhanced modeling and simulation capabilities to garner effectiveness, efficiency, and synchronization globally.
Bruce is a strategic thinker who can convey complex concepts into readily understood terms for senior leaders to forge consensus for action while also leading a diverse organization across multiple commands.
His executive leadership can be distilled down as a visionary data architect leveraging ``big data'' analysis to persuasively advance mobility capability needs in a collaborative manner to meet national requirements for global transportation with high-impact results.
Bruce's accomplishments are countless, but for the Congress, he led both the 2018 and 2020 NDAA directed mobility studies evaluating the capabilities critical to deploying and sustaining U.S. military forces at optimal levels.
Throughout these efforts, he meticulously mapped out the requirements needed to deploy, and redeploy our military and requirements for a prolonged recapitalization effort to revitalize an aging sealift fleet in support of our National Defense.
Additionally, he linked critical wartime patient movement operations into an end-toend airlift cycle ensuring Critical Care Air Transport Teams were available when needed to treat our most precious assets, our military personnel and their families.
Bruce also delivered a first-of-its-kind fuel assessment study focusing on the fuel distribution challenges within the Indo-Pacific region.
Finally, for only the third time in its history, based on Bruce's predictive analytics and