I am appreciative that the United States and Mexico are partners--and

neighbors--and wish the people of Mexico a Happy 215th Independence

Day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARL JOHN McMANUS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have this opportunity to

join the many family, friends, and community members who will gather

this evening in extending my heartfelt congratulations to New Haven

legend, Carl John McManus, as he marks his retirement from Phil's

Barber Shop, ending his sixty-year career as a barber.
Carl began his career as a barber in his hometown of Hopkinton,

Massachusetts, the path to his calling, and a unique story.
While

working at a local grocery store, Carl befriended the butcher who liked

to play the horses at Suffolk Downs.
Carl used to take his choices to

the local bookmaker, you guessed it, the town barber.
He found himself

drawn to the friendly atmosphere and what he has described as the

``kibitzing'' between the barber and his customers.
He soon found

himself a student at the Massachusetts School of Barbering in Boston,

the first stepping stone of what would become an illustrious career

path.
Following his parents and siblings, Carl moved to New Haven and soon

found himself a home at Phil's Barber Shop.
Over the course of his

sixty-year career, he has met a multitude of people, from the

Presidents of Yale University to future Presidents of the United

States, and famous actors to local theater favorites.
But the most

important connection he made was that to an older barber in town who

worked at the Graduate Club.
Carl had noticed a photo of the barber's

daughter and when he expressed an interest in meeting her, the barber

arranged a date, despite her slight hesitation.
In the end, Carl and

the barber's daughter, Ethel, were married for nearly fifty years

before her passing just two years ago.
Carl did not just give a shave and a haircut; he helped people to

find themselves.
Today, as he celebrates his retirement, Carl can be

proud of the legacy he leaves.
When you sat in his chair, you became

more than a client, you became a friend.
And while he will most

certainly be missed by many, I am honored to join his daughter, Rose

and granddaughter, Autumn, as well as all of those who will gather this

evening in wishing him the very best as he begins this new life

chapter.
I congratulate him on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DENICE HARLAN ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE GIDDINGS CHAMBER OF

COMMERCE

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to honor one

of my dear friends, Denice Harlan, as she retires from her role as

President/CEO of the Giddings Chamber of Commerce.
Denice moved to Giddings, Texas, in 1983 with her beloved husband,

Wade.
She opened Harlan's Restaurant in 1987 to provide delicious

homestyle cooking.
Her passion for service led her to join the Giddings

Chamber of Commerce and serve as Chamber Director.
In addition, Denice

has also served on the New Horizons Lions' Club, Lee County Fair

Association, and Rotary Club.
She was most recently recognized with the

Giddings Lifetime Achievement Award.
I want to thank Denice for the devotion she has demonstrated and her

commitment to serving the constituents of Lee County.
I am grateful for

her leadership, and I send my best wishes to Denice as she begins this

new chapter in life.
As a member of the United States House of Representatives, I am

honored to join her family and friends in congratulating Denice Harlan

on this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF CHAD ALLAN BLOMGREN

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.