As a member of the United States House of Representatives, I am

honored to join her family and friends in congratulating Denice Harlan

on this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF CHAD ALLAN BLOMGREN

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chad Allan Blomgren,

who passed on July 9, 2025, at the age of 56.
Mr. Blomgren was a

distinguished U.S. Army veteran, a Senior Director at Gilead Sciences,

and a tireless advocate for veterans through his volunteer work with

Dream Foundation.
Chad's life was a powerful reflection of his family's legacy of

service to his country, his community, and his fellow veterans.
Raised

in the Hills-Beaver Creek community of Minnesota, he excelled in high

school both academically and athletically.
These formative years helped

shape the competitive spirit that remained central to who he was.
After

graduation, Chad enlisted in the Minnesota Army National Guard.
Shortly

thereafter, he met the love of his life, Debbie, and they married in

1990.
He went on to earn his degree from Mankato State University the

following year.
Chad honorably served in the U.S. Army, joining a long family

tradition of service that includes his father, three brothers, niece,

son, and dozens of relatives.
After his military service, he embarked

on a successful professional career spanning over a decade at Gilead

Sciences as Senior Director of Managed Markets.
For the past five

years, he co-led the Gilead Veterans Engagement Team (GVET), supporting

more than 500 employees aligned around the mantra, ``Serving Those

Who've Served.''
In June 2023, Chad was appointed to the Board of Directors of Dream

Foundation, the only national organization dedicated to granting final

wishes to terminally ill adults.
He served on its Dreams for Veterans

Advisory Council since its inception in 2021 and actively participated

in fulfilling dreams for veterans, visiting at least four recipients in

person to deliver those special moments of hope and closure.
As he

shared, ``Providing a positive impact for those in the final stages of

their lives means everything to me.''
It was a cause he embraced both

personally and professionally, bringing compassion, leadership, and a

fighter's perspective to the foundation's mission.
Chad's life embodies the highest ideals of leadership and service.
Whether in uniform, guiding colleagues in industry, or comforting

veterans through Dream Foundation, he lived a life of purpose and

generosity.
His family and colleagues remember him as fun, smart, full

of laughter, and always ready with a helping hand.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of a

selfless and honorable man, Chad Blomgren.
His dedication to his

family, his career, his Nation, and his fellow veterans inspires us

all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on September 17, 2025, with

Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean

War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National

Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their

courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

September 17, 2025, answered our Nation's call to service during one of

its greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the

Korean Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave

service, and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a

hero.
We owe them more gratitude than can ever be expressed,,

I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.