Title: CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL REDEDICATION OF DENVER EAST HIGH SCHOOL; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
152

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL REDEDICATION OF DENVER EAST HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
DIANA DeGETTE

Ms. DeGETTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Denver East High

School--an institution that has been at the heart of my district for a

century and a half--as it celebrates the centennial rededication of its

historic building.
East High opened its doors 150 years ago in 1875 as Denver's first

high school, setting a foundation of excellence that continues to this

day.
The current building, designed by George H. Williamson, a proud

member of East's Class of 1893, was completed in 1925.
Its iconic 162-foot clock tower, modeled after Independence Hall in

Philadelphia, has stood as an iconic beacon.
In 1991, the building was

recognized as an official Denver Historic Landmark.
Over the past 150 years, East High has shaped leaders, artists,

athletes, and innovators.
From First Lady Mamie Eisenhower, to Rock and

Roll Hall of Famers Philip Bailey and Larry Dunn of Earth, Wind & Fire,

to aerospace leader Norman Augustine, to head coach of the Detroit

Pistons J. B. Bickerstaff, East alumni have left an indelible mark on

our city, our country, and our world.
Equally impressive is East's storied athletic tradition, with the

Angels earning 99 state championships, the third most of any high

school in Colorado.
Generations of students

have worn the red and white with pride, carrying forward the spirit of

teamwork and perseverance.
More than its achievements, East High has always been about

community.
This rededication brings together alumni, students,

teachers, and neighbors to honor its history, connect across

generations, and create new memories for the future.
As a lifelong Coloradan and graduate of the Denver Public School

system, I am proud to recognize East High School for 150 years of

excellence in education and for the centennial rededication of its

landmark building.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MEXICO ON ITS 215TH INDEPENDENCE DAY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the

opportunity to recognize September 16, 2025, as Mexico's 215th

Independence Day.
Mexico has served as an invaluable diplomatic, trade, and cultural

partner with the United States for two hundred years, reflecting the

close relationship that make this alliance invaluable to both

countries.
In 2024, Mexico was the second-largest destination for U.S. exports

and the top source of U.S. imports.
Total U.S. goods and services trade

with Mexico, in 2024, totaled over $935 billion.
I am particularly grateful of the trade ties between South Carolina

and Mexico.
In 2024, the Palmetto State exported over three and a one-

half billion dollars of rubber and plastic products, electrical

equipment and components, iron and steel, and other items to our

southern partner, while importing more than five and one half billion

dollars in motor vehicle and aerospace parts, and other goods.
This integration highlights the deeply connected partnership between

Mexico and South Carolina.
I applaud the deep commitment of President Donald Trump and Mexican

President Claudia Sheinbaum to cooperate and collaborate in stopping

illegal aliens crossing our Southern Border, including the murderous

threats posed by drug traffickers with human trafficking.
This

underscores the promise by President Trump to protect American lives.
This day is also special to me because I have a dedicated member of

my staff, Daniel Ramirez, who is first generation Mexican-American.
I am appreciative that the United States and Mexico are partners--and

neighbors--and wish the people of Mexico a Happy 215th Independence

Day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARL JOHN McMANUS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.