Their efforts culminated

in the formal establishment of the Greater Hernando County Chamber of

Commerce on December 22, 1992.
Over the past 100 years, the Chamber has evolved and expanded to meet

the changing needs of Hernando County's business community.
Guided by

its Pillars of Success--Advocacy, Marketing, Networking, and Training--

the Chamber has become the largest and oldest business organization in

Hernando County.
Its influence has been recognized across the region,

including by the Tampa Bay Business Journal, which named it one of the

largest chambers in the Tampa Bay area.
The Chamber represents a broad

and diverse membership spanning vital sectors such as professional

services, construction and trades, real estate, healthcare, finance,

education, retail, hospitality, transportation, manufacturing, and

nonprofit organizations.
It also leads impactful programs, including

Leadership Hernando, a premier leadership development initiative that

has graduated over 525 community leaders since its inception in 1992.
The Chamber's enduring commitment to economic development,

collaboration, and community enrichment has played an essential role in

shaping Hernando County into the thriving place it is today.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the

Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce on its centennial

anniversary.
May its legacy of service continue to strengthen our

communities for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF EMMA WEIR

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Emma Weir for her

outstanding service as Communications Director and Senior Advisor for

the New Democrat Coalition over the past four years.
As former chairwoman of the New Democrat Coalition, I had the

privilege of working closely

with Emma.
She brought strategic insight, professionalism, and a deep

commitment to public service that strengthened our message, expanded

our reach, and supported every member of the Coalition.
During some of

the most pivotal debates during the Democratic majority, Emma's

creativity and instinct were instrumental in advancing New Dem

priorities that helped improve the lives of Americans across the

country.
Her work has left a lasting impact on the New Dems and the

values we fight for.
While we will miss her leadership, I am excited to see Emma take on a

new role with Chairman Pete Aguilar and the House Democratic Caucus.
I

know she will continue to serve with the same skill and dedication that

made her so effective with the New Dems.
I thank Emma for her service, and I wish her the very best in this

next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 18, 2025 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW TO AMERICA

HON.
JEFF CRANK

Mr. CRANK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Ecumenical Patriarch

Bartholomew, the Spiritual Head of the second largest Christian church

in the world who is visiting our Nation's Capital this week.
Back home

in Colorado's 5th Congressional District, Archangel Michael Greek

Orthodox Church is the home for many of my constituents of the Greek

Orthodox faith.