As a result, a recent study conducted by NOAA Fisheries concluded that survival rates along the Snake River system are approaching levels seen on rivers without dams.
In fact, this study found that wild juvenile steelhead transported through the dams by barge return as an adult at an 80 percent higher rate than in-river migrating fish.
In 1938, before the dams were built, it is estimated that 1.67 million salmon and steelhead returned to the mouth of the Columbia River.
In 2022, that estimate grew to 2.38 million.
We do not have to choose between saving our dams and preserving our salmon populations.
We can continue to protect endangered salmon without sacrificing our way of life.
The Lower Snake River dams are critical for strengthening our energy grid and providing our region with some of the lowest energy costs in the nation.
They help give us our competitive edge.
In the Pacific Northwest, roughly 60 percent of the power consumed comes from hydroelectricity; in Washington state alone, that figure is closer to 70 percent.
Lower Granite Dam alone has six hydroelectric generators that generate up to 135 megawatts (MW) of energy each.
Together, they have the capacity to generate 810 megawatts, which is enough electricity to power a city the size of Portland, Oregon.
Ice Harbor Dam, another part of the Colulnbia-Snake River System, can generate enough electricity to power all of the homes in Spokane, Spokane Valley, and Wenatchee.
Perhaps one of the most underappreciated aspects of the hydropower produced by these dams is that it can be dispatched at a moment's notice, helping families and businesses keep their lights on year-round.
The Columbia-Snake River System also serves as a super-marine highway for farmers to ship their products all across America and around the world, all while reducing carbon emissions and lowering shipping costs.
Each year, nearly 10 percent of all U.S. wheat exports are barged on the Snake River.
Additionally, roughly 250,000 tons of wood chips are barged between locations on the Lower Columbia River and Lewiston, Idaho, where they are turned into pulp for paper production at mills across our region.
In 2020, approximately 4.2 million tons of cargo were transported through the Snake River dams.
It would have taken more than 42,000 rail cars or 162,000 semi-trucks to transport that amount of cargo on land.
If these dams were breached, it would lead to an increase in diesel fuel consumption by nearly 5 million gallons per year.
It would also result in an increase in CO2 and other harmful emissions by more than 1.2 million tons per year.
The increased trucking activity would- also increase the cost of fuel, highway and terminal facility maintenance, driver time, and vehicle maintenance by more than $69 million per year, all of which would be passed on to consumers.
The bottom line is that tearing out the Lower Snake River dams would not only diminish grid reliability and make it harder for local farmers to feed the world, it would be counterproductive to achieving our carbon reduction goals.