Mrs. RODGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the four Lower Snake River dams and the value they provide to Eastern Washington.
The Columbia River System is the beating heart of the Pacific Northwest.
This critical infrastructure helped transform our region from a dry, barren sage brush into one of the most productive agricultural regions in the world.
It serves as a super-marine highway for farmers to ship their products all across America, while keeping thousands of trucks off the road every year.
The dams along the Lower Snake River have strengthened our energy grid, lowered energy costs, and made us a leader in reducing carbon emissions.
They help prevent life-threatening blackouts during extreme weather, not just in Washington state, but in California, Idaho, Oregon, Montana, and Wyoming.
They also support a thriving tourism economy of small businesses and protect parts of our region from devastating floods.
To put it simply: the Columbia River System is critical to our entire way of life.
Thanks to historic investments by Congress through the years, the four Lower Snake River dams are nearly transparent to salmon.
With some of the most effective fish passage systems in the nation, these dams have achieved an average survival rate for ocean-bound juvenile salmon of between 95 and 97 percent.
For adults, that average is more than 98 percent.
The scientific evidence supports the reality that dams and salmon can--and do--co-exist.
According to a 2018 evaluation conducted by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 99.6 percent of juveniles and 97.3 percent of all yearling Chinook salmon safely bypassed the Lower Granite Darn--a survival rate that exceeds the NOAA Biological performance standard of 96 percent.
The same study found that steelhead salmon enjoyed a 100 percent juvenile survival rate and an overall dam passage rate of 99.4 percent.
On top of that, available data suggests that 2023 was the highest count for adult sockeye salmon on record at Lower Granite Dam with 2,921 adults returning.
Despite the rhetoric surrounding the Lower Snake River dams and salmon, we continue to see improvements in the returns with 2024 currently on track to be the third straight year of exceeding the 10year average sockeye return.
This is not a coincidence.
The Lower Snake River dams utilize some of the most informative technology we have to help fish migrate the river, including fish slides and fish ladders to help salmon get over the dams safely, fish friendly turbines, spillways, and bypass facilities.