HS2 is “going to benefit Wales, it’s going to benefit people in North Wales who will benefit from better access at Crewe to London.”
That was the Secretary of State’s central argument for withholding billions of pounds from Wales by claiming that HS2 benefits us.
Now that the link at Crewe is another casualty of Tory chaos, will Wales Office Ministers stay true to their own logic and urge the Treasury to class HS2 as English-only?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, rail infrastructure is not devolved.
I would argue that investment in Great Britain’s rail infrastructure is of value to those in north Wales and the rest of Wales.
Furthermore, HS2 is an important connection to the west midlands from London.
Passengers from London to north Wales are likely to still use that.
We all know that the money that has been committed is illustrative.
In a major boost to Plaid Cymru’s campaign, the National Infrastructure Commission for Wales has proposed devolving the Crown estate and reinvesting profits in communities through a sovereign wealth fund.
The commission criticised the current system of wealth transfer from the poorest country in Britain to Westminster as “illogical and bizarre”.
Whose side is the Minister on: Welsh communities or a system that extracts our natural wealth?
We have had this discussion on previous occasions in various settings, but I would argue that the Crown estate allows this country to share risks and opportunities that it deals with.
It does a fantastic job
and I simply do not agree.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Welsh Government policy on health authorities on cross-border healthcare.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Welsh Government policy on health authorities on cross-border healthcare.
Of course, I work within the NHS in north-east Wales and west Cheshire and see the stark realities of the disparity in healthcare services between the two.
It is concerning that the Welsh Government  have missed their target to eliminate two-year waits in most specialties and that more than 27,000 patients have been waiting over two years for treatment in Wales, compared with circa 280 in the whole of England.
The Health Secretary has offered to consider requests from the Welsh Government to use alternate providers in England to reduce waiting lists and the distress that they bring.
With the Welsh Labour Government facing cuts to their NHS as a decision of their own, does the Minister not find it extraordinary that they are looking at spending £122 million on new politicians and £33 million on a blanket 20 mph speed limit that nobody voted for in Wales?
I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is scandalous that the Labour Welsh Government are prioritising spending on more politicians in Cardiff Bay as well as an unpopular 20 mph default speed limit.
Their decisions mean less funding for the NHS, education and other important devolved services.
They have the potential instead to invest in important capital projects such as the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Rhyl.
They must re-examine their agenda.
It gets worse: the UK Government have twice offered the Welsh Labour Government help in reducing patient waiting lists for important medical procedures, but neither offer has been taken up.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister confirm that, in fact, that offer still stands and that patients in Wales who are stuck and suffering on waiting lists have not been forgotten by the UK Government?
Having spoken with the Department of Health and Social Care, I can confirm that the offer still stands.
My hon.
Friend will find it of interest to know that the Labour Welsh Government did write in response to the latest offer several weeks after that offer was made.
Unfortunately, the Minister did not confirm whether they would accept the offer.
In the interests of tens of thousands of patients, I strongly encourage them to do so.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Wales.
What assessment he has made of the impact of increases in the cost of living on people in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a range of issues, including the cost of living.
The Government have made certain that the state pension, benefits and the minimum wage have all risen in line with inflation.
Last winter, the Government’s energy support schemes saw them paying about half the average fuel bills for homeowners across the United Kingdom.
The Bridgend food bank and the Baobab Bach food pantry are running out of food.
My constituents in Ogmore and those across the Bridgend borough  literally cannot afford to pay for the weekly shop.
What work is the Secretary of State doing to tackle the significant access-to-food crisis that is impacting constituents in the Bridgend county borough and right across Wales?
As I have already mentioned, the Government have made sure that pensions, benefits and the minimum wage have risen in line with inflation.
There have been other payments as well, with £900 to households on benefits, £300 to pensioners and £100 to those in households where there have been disabilities.
The Government have made certain at all times to prioritise the least well off.
May I respectfully suggest that the hon.
Gentleman should listen to the earlier questions and suggest that the Welsh Government stop spending money on extra politicians and put that back into communities where it is needed?
Polling of 2,000 people by Public Health Wales found that about eight in 10 Welsh citizens are either worried or very worried about the rising cost of living, with almost half saying that it will have a negative impact on their mental health.
Similar concerns have been expressed in Scotland.
What consideration have the Secretary of State and his Cabinet colleagues given to the SNP’s call for a £400 energy rebate as winter approaches?
As I said, in addition to the Government’s priority on supporting the least well-off and the fact that the Government paid around half of people’s energy bills during the last winter, we will continue to prioritise those who are having difficulties.
If the hon.
Lady is really worried about a cost of living crisis and the impact on energy, she will do well to revisit her party’s policy of getting rid of the oil and gas industry in the UK, including in Scotland—something that would cost 200,000 jobs and have a terrible impact on energy prices for homeowners across the United Kingdom.
The Wrexham-Flintshire investment zone bid could bring huge benefits to my region, including more and better-paid jobs.
An investment zone requires collaboration between the Welsh and UK Governments.
There is a possibility that the UK Government could support two zones in Wales, but the Welsh Government have yet to give me a commitment to a second zone.
If they do, will the UK Government also commit?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I have made a very strong case to Cabinet colleagues for two investment zones in Wales.
She is right that we need the co-operation of the Welsh Labour Government.
I suggest that she, and any Members who represent north Wales, write to the Welsh Labour Government’s economic development Minister and suggest that Welsh Government prioritise two investment zones for Wales.
We would be delighted to work with them when they get around to doing that.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
Our United Kingdom is stronger than ever.
It is a testament to the strength of the Union that the UK Government have been able to support people across the country, including with £94 billion to respond to cost of living challenges.
At the Welsh Affairs Committee this morning, the First Minister Mark Drakeford blamed the UK Government for not giving adequate financial support to the Welsh Government in times of high inflation and a cost of living crisis.
Can the Secretary of State tell us how much his Department is spending on promoting the UK Government in Wales?
Why does he think that is a better use of taxpayers’ money than funding services for the people of Wales?
I am happy to receive an answer by email if he does not have that information to hand.
First, I can assure the hon.
Lady that the Welsh Labour Government are receiving a record-breaking settlement of more than £18 billion, and 20% more per head to spend on public services than is spent in England.
Perhaps the First Minister should explain why we have longer NHS waiting lists in Wales and why education standards are lower.
As far as spending on public affairs and promotion is concerned, I can assure the hon.
Lady that a far greater amount is spent by the Welsh Labour Government than is ever spent by the Wales Office.
Frankly, the proof of the strength of the Union is demonstrated by the fact that my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow (Dr Cameron)  has joined the Conservative and Unionist party, and she is very welcome.
I have raised the damaging effect of the UK’s Brexit on the port of Holyhead and the north Wales economy in this Chamber 26 times.
Holyhead has been disadvantaged by the lack of a green lane for exports to Northern Ireland.
In August, at last, His Majesty's Revenue and Customs confirmed to me that there will now be a green lane for goods travelling from Wales to Northern Ireland through Holyhead and the Republic.
I emphasise, as a precaution, that this is not a freeport issue—the Secretary of State is very keen on that.
Rather, what specifically is he doing to promote and enable those new procedures for Holyhead?
I did not quite hear all that, but on the port in Ynys Môn, I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will take some comfort from the fact that the United Kingdom economy has grown more quickly outside the European Union than that of many nations that have remained in it.
The Government have shown their absolute commitment to both north Wales and Ynys Môn through their development of a freeport project for the area and the announcement of £1 billion for electrification of the north Wales railway line, which will help to bring jobs and investment into north Wales.
Barry is Wales’s largest town, but it has been ignored by the Welsh Government for decades.
It has significant regeneration challenges, like many places.
I congratulate  my right hon.
Friend on awarding Barry towns regeneration status, but can he reassure me that that does not preclude Barry from benefiting from levelling up funding?
Obviously, I welcome the announcement, but my right hon.
Friend is far too modest, since he has been knocking on the door of the Wales Office and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities for a very long time to demand extra funding for Barry.
He makes a very strong case for that, and I assure him that the UK Government will continue to listen to him.
Cross-border transport links between Wales and England are a key part of the strength of the Union.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that cross-border projects, such as the Pant and Llanymynech bypass and the longer term ambition to dual the A483-A5 passing through Clwyd South and North Shropshire, are vital?
The United Kingdom Government are absolutely determined to support infrastructure projects in Wales.
We have done so through the levelling-up funds.
It will happen again through the shared prosperity fund and it has, of course, been happening through the growth deals.
What we do need is a Welsh Labour Government that will support infrastructure.
That is why I find it so disappointing that the Welsh Labour Government have ruled out building any new roads ever again.
It worries me greatly that that is seen as a blueprint for the rest of the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on energy costs for (a) households and (b) businesses in Wales.