The Secretary of State knows that the prison estate across Wales is not just full, but that overcrowding is significantly above safe limits.
With his Government having to commandeer police cells, with judges being told to jail fewer people, and with criminals—including those convicted of assault—being released early on the instruction of his Justice Secretary, how can the Welsh public have any faith that they will be protected?
The prison population has increased as a direct result of policies that the Government have implemented, to ensure that those committing the most serious offences spend more time in prison.
That is something that the hon.
Lady should be supportive of.
She needs to talk to her colleagues in the Welsh Government, who have stated clearly in writing that they are completely against building any prison places.
This Government are building emergency prison places and filling up prisons, because people who commit serious offences deserve to go to prison.
The Labour party in the Welsh Government is saying clearly that it is totally opposed to building any extra prisons anywhere.
What steps the Government are taking to improve economic links between Wales and the north-west.
This Government are committed to strengthening the economy of north Wales and north-west England.
We have recently announced that we will invest £36 billion in Network North, including £1 billion to electrify the north Wales main line.
That will improve connectivity across the region, bringing many parts of north Wales within one hour of Manchester and Liverpool by rail.
The announcement of the electrification of the north Wales main line will help to improve transport links between this region and the north-west of England, supporting economic growth, tourism and jobs across both areas.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that residents across Wales and my constituents in Blackpool will see real improvements in their local transport infrastructure as part of their share of this £36 billion that is available?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
North Wales often feels overlooked by the Welsh Government.
Indeed, the Welsh Government have said that the electrification of the north Wales line is not their priority.
Just as it was Conservative Governments who built key elements of the A55 in the 1980s and 1990s, we now see a Conservative Government investing further in the infrastructure and prospects of north Wales and north-west England.
Connectivity is key to underpinning that economic growth, and the railway line between north Wales, through my constituency in St Helens and on to Manchester should epitomise that, but unfortunately it does not seem to be working at the minute.
It is frequently overcrowded, and there are cancellations at the Manchester end and at the Chester end.
Will the Minister speak to his colleagues in the Department for Transport as well as Transport for Wales, so that we might make some progress and make sure that my constituents can get to work and this line can deliver economic growth for the north-west and north Wales?
Of course, improving rail is not simply about the rail infrastructure; it is also about the train operating companies and how they operate.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that Transport for Wales has struggled from time to time.
I can reassure him that I do have discussions with it.
In fact, I am also meeting the rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  later today, when I will reiterate those concerns.