The situation is unbearable, but while the horrors of last night cannot be unseen, we must not look away.
Violence is increasing across the region, but also in Europe and the US.
We in this House have a duty to protect British nationals, so what assessment have the Government made of whether the joint terrorism analysis centre needs to raise the threat level?
Can I also have reassurance about what is being done to protect out diplomatic staff around the world after the heinous attacks we saw on Israeli and American embassies overnight?
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
We constantly assess the threat picture both here in the UK and in the region.
I have conducted an all-staff meeting with Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office staff across the whole world—I am told that over 5,000 people attended that briefing.
I made it clear that, as their employer, I regard my duty of care towards them as uppermost.
We do of course continue to support British nationals overseas, including in the region, and our consular team are maintaining, as best they can, contact with British nationals in Israel, and indeed in Gaza.
It is an incredibly difficult consular situation, but I can assure the House that we will remain, as far as we are able to, in contact with those British nationals seeking our support, and we are consistently trying to reopen exit routes from Gaza so that British nationals can leave.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware of the horror with which the missile strike on a hospital in Gaza, which caused hundreds upon hundreds of casualties, is regarded not just here in Britain, but in the region and internationally.
The House has heard his injunction not to jump to conclusions, but would he support a genuinely independent inquiry into what is happening?
Of course, an independent inquiry is the gold standard in the event of such a circumstance, but the simple truth in relation to having any kind of independent investigation in Gaza is that the current situation—bearing in mind that our own embassy team there are severely limited in what they are able to do,  and the international community is not able to operate freely—makes the practicality of that incredibly difficult.
We are making our own assessment.
We will gather and analyse as much information as we can.
We will not be led by any other nation; it will be a UK assessment of the situation.
Once we have come to a conclusion, we will share it with the House and the country.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend and the Government are wise not to rush to conclusions, and to have a proper investigation before they come to a conclusion about what actually happened in this utterly appalling incident.
I am struck by the number of emails I have received from constituents who have already rushed to conclusions, and all blame Israel.
Does he agree that this shows the important responsibility not only that broadcasters have to ensure they do not disseminate false information, but that owners of social media platforms have to try to avoid hate being spread literally around the world at times like this?
My right hon.
Friend will know that, within Government, action is being taken to ensure that social media owners act with greater professionalism and greater consciousness of the impact they have.
I would make a broad point to broadcasters—I have had this conversation directly with them in the past—which is that I believe there is an attempt by broadcasters to try to outpace social media platforms.
The days of breaking news on traditional platforms are long in the past; they should focus on accuracy rather than pace, because their words have impacts here in the UK and around the world.
My heart breaks for everyone who lost their lives in the Episcopal hospital disaster last night.
It is now quite clear that even hospitals are not a safe place of refuge anywhere in Gaza.
That hospital was struck by a missile the week before yesterday.
I want to understand quite clearly from the Foreign Secretary why, as we call on the country for humanitarian access to Gaza, we are not also calling for an immediate ceasefire to enable that to happen.
It seems to me bizarre that we cannot call for a ceasefire to enable that humanitarian corridor to open, because the scale of death that is now unfolding will reach tenfold over the next few days.
In line with that, I would really like to hear from the Foreign Secretary assurances that he is speaking to our Israeli counterparts to ensure that any Gazans and Palestinians who do evacuate will have an absolute right of return to their lands and do not end up languishing, as the millions of other Palestinian refugees currently still do, in both Jordan and Lebanon.
I have conversations regularly with the Israeli Government, and with the Governments of countries in the neighbourhood, about Palestinian refugees.
I am unable to go into the details because they are extensive, but the hon.
Member should be aware that we have always supported Palestinian refugees, with the £27 million to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, and the recent announcement of an additional £10 million is a direct response to the situation there.
The simple truth is that Israel does have a right to defend itself.
The truth is that Hamas have no interest in a ceasefire.
They have no interest in resolution, they have never attempted to engage in a two-state solution, and they have made every attempt to collapse the Oslo process.
They are no friend of the Palestinian people.
They have fired literally thousands of rockets into Israel since Saturday.
Israel does have the right to take action to defend itself and to recover its hostages, and the UK, while respecting that, will of course always encourage it to adhere to international law and to protect civilians.
The Foreign Secretary is surely right to say that we must not rush to judgment on this incident, but does he agree that one fact we know right now is that the primary moral, and as a result legal, responsibility for the appalling civilian life loss in Gaza today and in the days ahead lies with Hamas, first for their attack on Israel, and secondly for the systematic practice of using civilians as human shields?
I know that my predecessor and right hon.
Friend is very well read on this situation, and I pay tribute to the work he did when he was Foreign Secretary and I was his Minister for the Middle East and North Africa.
He is absolutely right, and we must be clear-eyed about the trigger event.
It was the most brutal mass murder in a terrorist action in the history of the state of Israel, and the largest loss of Jewish life on a single day since the holocaust.
Of course Israel has the right to defend itself, and we must never forget that Hamas’s actions of embedding themselves in civilian communities and putting Palestinian lives intentionally at risk to pursue their political aims is completely unjustifiable.
Whatever the outcome of the independent inquiries into what happened with the tragedy in Gaza yesterday, in reality Gaza is such a densely populated area that no matter what efforts are made, the effects of bombing will be indiscriminate.
If the Government cannot go as far as calling for a ceasefire, will they at least call for the end of the rockets and the bombs?
If they cannot go as far as to call for the end of the bombing, can they at least call on Israel to stop bombing the south, where refugees from Gaza City are going at the instructions of the Israeli army?
A cease in the bombing could trigger the negotiations that enable the release of the hostages.
I pay tribute to the work of the international community in trying to secure the release of the hostages.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister emphasised the work that the Qataris are doing in this instance.
They are not the only ones doing that, and we will continue to support their efforts.
I hear what the right hon.
Gentleman says about calls to stop the air attacks on Gaza from Israel, but the simple truth is that the alternative is a ground assault by Israel and, as he says, the practicalities of any military operation in an area as densely populated as Gaza will be deeply challenging.
Again, I remind the House that the people who murdered those revellers, those partygoers, those children and those old people embed themselves in civilian communities—in hospitals, in schools—specifically to use innocent Palestinians as human shields.
We must all understand the culpability that they hold for many  of these civilian casualties, but I will, of course, once again speak with the Israelis about making every effort that they are able to make to minimise civilian casualties.
Whoever was responsible for the hospital attack last evening, it was an appalling human tragedy, and we think of all those who have lost their loved ones at this time.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s commitment to be evidence-led in what the Government say about this incident.
Does he agree that if the UK intelligence community, whether that is GCHQ, the Secret Intelligence Service, Defence Intelligence and so on, are having to take time and deliberate in order to come to a conclusion, perhaps all of us in this place, including media organisations outside this place, should also show the same caution and consideration before making statements that could prove incendiary?
My right hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
There is, of course, the completely understandable desire of media outlets to report promptly, but I believe they have a greater duty to report accurately and responsibly.
Words that emanate from the UK are taken seriously.
We have huge standing in the world, and things that are said at the Dispatch Box, in this House and on our media, are listened to around the world.
Therefore, we have an enhanced duty to ensure that the words we say are accurate.
I deplore the loss of all civilian life, Israeli and Palestinian, and I commend the Foreign Secretary for his caution over attributing blame for last night’s attack.
Does he think that we should also be cautious about the figures for casualties coming from Gaza?
They do not describe all as civilian casualties; there is reason to believe that there is a very high volume of Hamas combatants among those figures.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I am not going to minimise the pain and suffering of those Palestinian families who have lost loved ones and had people injured, but we know that just as Hamas are abusing the Palestinian people, they also abuse the figures that they put in the public domain.
We must be highly sceptical of any information coming out of Hamas, just as the Prime Minister said we should be.
We remain focused on trying to reduce the pain and suffering of the Palestinian people, as well as supporting Israel and its self-defence.
While doing so we should be deeply, deeply sceptical of any and all information coming from Hamas spokespersons.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his caution.
We should remind ourselves of the words of Mark Twain: “A lie can travel half way around the world” before the truth has got its boots on.
Never more certainly was that the case than here.
I remind hon.
Members that Hamas bear complete responsibility for everything.
Our hearts go out to all the innocents who have died and suffered—of course they do—but Hamas are the perpetrators and they have brought this on themselves.
We remind ourselves that when they murdered all those Israeli Jews in the territories, they filmed them and committed atrocities deliberately.
That was to remind  the Israelis of the holocaust and what was likely to come.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that broadcasters should not enter into discursive debate?
When as issue such as this happens, they should report the facts as known, and nothing further.
My right hon.
Friend speaks with authority and clarity on this, and I find myself in complete agreement with him.
I have Jewish friends who are trying to keep their children off social media, because they know that they will be assaulted with images of Israelis who have been murdered and whose bodies have been desecrated.
No one in the modern era should have to endure that kind of repeated pain.
Evacuation orders in the past week have included hospitals, but many vulnerable people are unable to move because of their disabilities or illness.
What conversations has the Foreign Secretary had directly with UK aid agencies and non-governmental organisations about that situation?
What more can the UK do to ensure that civilian populations, including medical and aid workers, are protected?
The hon.
Lady raises an incredibly important point, and my Department remains in close co-ordination with international aid agencies and NGOs.
We recognise the practical difficulties of that evacuation order, and in a highly dense area such as Gaza we completely understand those practical difficulties, particularly for medical organisations..
As imperfect as it may be, attempting to remove civilians from a future area of military operations stands in sharp contrast with the actions of Hamas, who are actively seeking to prevent people from leaving an area of future conflict, and intentionally putting civilians in the way, using innocent Palestinians as human shields.
I commend the Foreign Secretary, and his Opposition shadow, for their tone, but the fact is that last night an evil terrorist organisation that murders Jews and oppresses Palestinians was instantly believed in a number of quarters, whereas many refused to acknowledge that Jewish babies had been brutally murdered without demanding graphic proof.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that unsubstantiated reports such as those we saw last night might actually cost lives, because they inflame tensions in an already highly volatile region?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right.
Everything has a cost, and rushed, inaccurate reporting costs lives.
Everybody, whether they are formally involved in the reporting process, a citizen journalist or just active on social media, should be very conscious that this involves real lives in the most sensitive of circumstances and that such reporting could have repercussions not just in the area or the region, but in this country as well.
We rightly unite to condemn the barbaric actions of Hamas against innocent Israelis, and the loss of Palestinian lives and the unfolding humanitarian crisis is a profound tragedy.
The scenes at al-Ahli Hospital shock us all, and I hope the Secretary of State will do everything to ensure an independent investigation, but people in Gaza are trapped,  so what more will he do to ensure consular support not just on the ground there, but to families heartbroken back here in the UK?
Will he hear and heed the words of Nadia El-Nakla, the wife of our Scottish First Minister, whose family are trapped there right now?
She said: “We are not watching a natural disaster, this can be stopped.”
The consular department in the FCDO has got in contact with the families of those British nationals who are trapped in Gaza, and we are providing ongoing consular support.
The hon.
Lady will understand that the experience of the First Minister, his wife and their family is a live example of the plight of a number of families.
Information is incomplete, our access is severely limited and sadly we have to rely on a number of interlocutors and people over whom we do not have direct control, including Hamas.
We will continue to support British nationals as best we can, until they have been evacuated from that area.
One fact that is not in dispute is that every rocket fired from Gaza into Israel is aimed at murdering civilians, in stark contrast to Israeli defensive action.
Last night, there were Members in this place, including senior Members, scurrying around, stating as fact that this incident was caused by an Israeli rocket.
The BBC and other media referred to statements by “Hamas officials”—I think they meant to say Hamas terrorists—and presented them as fact without challenge.
That not only risks radicalisation of communities in this country, where we already know there is a problem with antisemitism, but puts Jews at risk.
I urge colleagues to be careful of their comments given the role that blood libels play in promoting antisemitism.
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point, and I restate my request of all people commenting on this—whether they have a formal role within the media or are in a high-profile position, such as Members of this House—to be thoughtful of the implications of their actions, to be sceptical of all information coming out from Hamas, and to take a little extra time to verify, which can literally save lives here and abroad.
I know this situation is complex, and the taking of life and hostages, whether Israeli or Palestinian, is abhorrent, but we have to recognise that Palestinians cannot defend themselves.
They have no means, and now their places of sanctuary, such as hospitals, are no longer safe places either.
For that reason, I urge the Foreign Secretary once more to call for a ceasefire, so that we can see a de-escalation in this horrific conflict.
Of course everybody—I will rephrase that.
All reasonable people want this terrible situation to be resolved, and resolved quickly.
This was not a conflict that Israel asked for; it is a conflict that they were forced to engage in because of the mass murder in their country perpetrated by Hamas terrorists who embed themselves in schools, hospitals and in civilian communities.
Calls for ceasefires are all well and good, but I have seen nothing—nothing—that leads me to believe that Hamas would respect calls for a ceasefire.
May I say to my right hon.
Friend that whatever the investigation finds out, in a sense it will not matter a great deal to all those who are dead in the hospital?
Whether the Israeli explanation is correct that it was an Islamic Jihad missile that misfired and then landed among explosives that were on the hospital site that then killed so many people, or whether it was an Israeli strike, in the end both sides have now committed war crimes.
If they are just additional crimes being added to the ledger on either side, that is simply what it will be.
I say to my right hon.
Friend, in his relations with Israel and in reinforcing the position of the Prime Minister, that the only way to get out of this mess is a ceasefire.
Otherwise, we will not see the relief of people who are starving and are dehydrating to death—that is a collective punishment, which is illegal under international law—following the deportation of people from northern Gaza, which again is illegal under international law.
There are specific offences that have already taken place, and I say to my right hon.
Friend: for all our sakes, he should work, as he said, with clear-minded determination to get the best answer from our ally.
The House needs to understand that prior to Hamas’s terrorist attack, tens of thousands of Gazans passed through the border into Israel every day in order to work.
Israel provided—often without payment—water, electricity and gas to the people of Gaza.
That was interrupted as a direct result of Hamas’s brutal terrorist action.
Thousands of rockets are fired from Gaza into Israel from in and among schools, hospitals and civilian communities.
We do of course always remind Israel, as we would any other nation involved in military operations, of their duties under international law.
President Herzog, Israel’s head of state, has reinforced that commitment.
We hear no such commitment from Hamas.
Last night’s absolute tragedy of the explosion at the Al-Ahli Hospital will simply intensify passions and polarise the debate even more.
Many children and young people here in the UK will have seen the images on our televisions and screens and on social media platforms, and I think they will be influenced by that.
While I thank the Government for the money and support they are giving to the organisations protecting faith schools, mosques and synagogues, can the Minister tell us what he is doing to provide advice and support to ordinary schools and our universities, where there is an intensification of hatred emerging and where I am hearing of both antisemitic and Islamophobic views being expressed and attacks being wrought on individuals?
The right hon.
Lady makes an incredibly important point.
While I will not go into details of conversations in Cabinet, I can assure her that the protection of all communities in the UK was something that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities highlighted.
That very much goes hand-in-hand with the commitment that the Home Secretary has made that we will protect all communities  in the UK—Muslim, Jewish and others—and we will work with institutions, whether educational institutions or others, to try to ensure that the people at those institutions can go about their lives free from fear, intimidation and discrimination.
I very much agree with the Foreign Secretary that the entity responsible for the loss of lives we are seeing now is Hamas: a terrorist barbaric organisation that killed innocent Jewish people.
The question now is about doing everything we can to save lives of both Israeli and Palestinian people who are innocent in that regard.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to humanitarian assistance for the ordinary people of Palestine and the Foreign Secretary’s differentiation, like the Prime Minister’s differentiation, between the people of Palestine and the terrorist organisation Hamas.
The Foreign Secretary says that, moving forward, we will work towards a two-state solution.
The people in the region want to know what that two-state solution is.
Is that based on Security Council resolution 242 and the 1967 borders, which the United Kingdom signed up to?
What is a clear framework for that?
The Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , has previously asked for the UK to appoint an envoy to the region.
We have two brilliant contenders, if I may say so, in William Hague, the foreign former secretary who gets the region, and Alistair Burt, a brilliant, well-respected former Minister.
We have choices and options.
When will the Foreign Secretary outline that part of the next steps?
My hon.
Friend makes some important points.
The truth is that we remain committed to a two-state solution, with Palestinians and Israelis living side-by-side in peace and prosperity.
While at the moment and in these circumstances that might feel like an unachievable aim, we refuse to be fatalistic and give up that aspiration.
The details will be for negotiation, but he and the House will have heard us say on a number of occasions that it will be based on the 1967 borders, with land swaps and a shared capital in Jerusalem.
But we will not be dogmatic; what we want to see is peace brought about.
I hear what he said about appointing a special envoy.
We have some of our most capable people in our posts in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem and in Gaza.
I repeat my condemnation of the Hamas attacks against innocent Israeli citizens.
We saw civilians in Gaza forcibly moved from their homes with no guarantee of safety or return, yet the Government failed to speak out.
We saw food, water and electricity cut off in Gaza, yet the Government failed to speak out.
Last night, we saw the destruction of a hospital in Gaza.
The Government now need to speak out.
Will the Foreign Secretary support the International Criminal Court investigation into the situation in Palestine, given that the prosecutor has said that its mandate includes the current context?
That so obviously and urgently must include investigation of the hospital explosion.
We need to ensure that no more blood is spilled.
We need a ceasefire now.
I must say to the hon.
Lady that her assessment of the UK Government’s voice on this issue is fundamentally wrong.
We have consistently discussed with Israel—and publicly—our commitment to humanitarian law.
She needs to understand that a military force highlighting a future potential area of conflict and encouraging people to move away from that area of conflict is not forced relocation.
[Interruption.]
It is not forced relocation.
I draw her attention to the actions that Hamas have taken to prevent innocent Palestinians from moving away from places of danger.
The contrast could not be more stark.
Given that we do not know the facts about what happened and whether, for example, this was a ghastly mistake, we should be here not to blame but to mourn the loss of so many doctors, staff and patients at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital, which I and several other hon.
Members from the House visited more than a decade ago.
It was founded in the late 19th century by the Episcopal Church in Jerusalem and is run by it to this day, so it is likely that Christians as well as Muslims will have lost their lives.
Will my right hon.
Friend, whose approach has been appropriately calm at a time when we need to reduce and not inflame tensions both domestically and in the middle east, do his best to stay in touch with the Anglican Church to see if it has more information about what has happened to those who were there, to see how we can help re-establish what was a valuable programme—for example, it provided free breast cancer treatment and mobile clinics—and do all he can to think about how, in the longer term, we can enable people in that troubled land to co-exist in a way that we have, for so long, failed to do, supporting the United Nations Relief and Works Agency as far as possible on its humanitarian mission?