We all continue to unequivocally condemn the abhorrent terrorist attack on the Jewish people and the Israeli state.
We fully support the defeat of Hamas and, of course, the safe return of all hostages who have been taken.
So, too, I hope, do we all share the same common humanity of protecting civilians and condemning any acts of collective punishment against the Palestinian people.
In that regard, many of the images emanating from Gaza in recent days will shock us all to the core, so may I ask the Prime Minister: will he join those of us on these Benches and call for an immediate ceasefire in the region?
We believe that Israel does have a right to defend itself, to protect its people and to act against terrorism and ensure that the awful attack we have seen from Hamas cannot happen again.
Unlike Hamas, the Israelis, including the President, have made it clear that their armed forces will operate in accordance with international law.
We will continue to urge the Israelis to take every precaution to avoid harming civilians.
My ask for a ceasefire is done with all sincerity, not only in order to protect civilians, but to ensure that we have the safe creation of humanitarian corridors, which will allow not only for food, water and vital medicines to get into Gaza, but for innocent civilians caught up in this terrible conflict to flee.
In respect of those who wish to flee, may I ask the Prime Minister what early consideration, if any, his Government have given to the creation of a refugee resettlement scheme akin to those previously put in place for Syrian nationals, Afghani nationals and, of course, Ukrainian nationals?
I am proud that we are already one of the most significant contributors to the United Nations’ efforts to support Palestinian refugees; our funding supports about 5.8 million refugees annually, and on Monday we announced a significant increase in our funding of aid to the region, including to the UN to support refugees.
With regard to humanitarian aid, as I said before, we are already working through pre-emptively moving aid and relief teams into the region.
But, critically, the most important thing is to open up access for that aid to get into Gaza, which is why our conversations with the Egyptians and others are so critical.
We continue to work closely with allies to find every way to get that aid to the people who need it as quickly as possible.
Last night, sections of the British media were reporting as fact that it was Israeli rockets that had landed and attacked the Al-Ahli Hospital, relying on information supplied by officials in terrorist-controlled Gaza.
The headlines have since been rewritten, but the outpouring of Jew hate on social media overnight was vile.
So will the Prime Minister please make the point again that the way that this conflict is being reported has massive implications for our Jewish community and that any information coming from Hamas must be treated with a degree of scrutiny and cross-examination that is, sadly, sometimes lacking?
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his excellent intervention.
He is absolutely right that we should not rush to judgment before we have all the facts on the appalling situation that we saw yesterday, particularly given the sensitivity that he raises and the impact on communities here, but also across the region.
As I said, it is incumbent on all of those in positions of responsibility in this House and outside in the media to recognise that the words we say will have an impact, and we should be careful with them.
We are working with our allies to establish the truth of what has happened.
We will do that robustly and independently, but my right hon.
Friend is right to point out that in the same way as we do not treat what comes out of the Kremlin as the gospel truth, we should not do that with Hamas.
I associate my party with the comments made in relation to the deplorable loss of innocent human life in both Israel and Gaza.
Having left the European Union, building links and co-operation across the four nations of our United Kingdom can only strengthen the Union.
Will the Prime Minister agree with my proposal for the creation of an east-west council, to bring together all parts of the UK family to discuss and collaborate on trade and the many other opportunities presented by the Union?
The right hon.
Gentleman made a powerful case in his conference speech last weekend for a strong, functioning Northern Ireland within our Union.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has had the opportunity to discuss our shared commitment to the Union with the right hon.
Gentleman’s party over recent weeks and months, and I am grateful for the constructive approach and tone taken in those discussions.
There is considerable merit in the idea of a new east-west council to further strengthen the Union, and I look forward to exploring the issue further with him and his colleagues.
Following my right hon.
Friend’s decision to reallocate funding from HS2, may I urge him to consider a number of projects that will boost the economy and improve the quality of life for my constituents and others in northern Lincolnshire?
In order for access to the Humber freeport to be improved, the A15 between Lincoln and the A180 needs to be dualled.
In particular, the A180 causes no end of problems for residents in nearby villages because of its concrete surface, so I urge him to deal with its resurfacing.
Finally, Mr Speaker— Order.
Finally, I think the AA atlas has run out.
My hon.
Friend has been a long-standing champion for Cleethorpes, and particularly for the importance of strong regional transport connections.
Network North will see Hull fully connected to the northern powerhouse network, which I know he will welcome, and north-east Lincolnshire will share in a brand new £2.5 billion fund to support local transport connections, perhaps including many or some of the ones he mentions.
I know he will have been delighted to see LNER run a test service to Cleethorpes earlier this year, and I can assure him that the Department for Transport is continuing work to see a direct service to London reinstated.
Government Members have said the way to fix the economic crisis that they have caused is to cut state spending by £200 billion and to freeze NHS budgets.
When will the Prime Minister stand up to the extremists in his party and condemn those ideas?
Weeks after I became Prime Minister, we announced a significant increase of almost £14 billion for the NHS and social care.
We followed that up with the first long-term workforce plan in the NHS’s history, to ensure that we train the doctors and  nurses we need for the future.
That demonstrates our commitment to the NHS.
We also, I am pleased to say, reached a settlement with over 1 million NHS workers, including our nurses, for a full, fair and affordable pay rise.
Aid poured into Gaza in 2005 when Israel withdrew.
Enlightened governance could have made a success of it.
It is Hamas that has turned it into hell, is it not?
I know that this is a subject on which my right hon.
Friend speaks with authority, and I thank him for his previous work in the area.
With regard to our aid funding, as the Foreign Secretary will outline later, we have very stringent governance in place to make sure that it is spent on the humanitarian needs that we want to address.
I also agree with him that there is one person and one person alone that is responsible for the atrocities that we are seeing, and that is Hamas.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, may I associate myself and my party with all the comments about the protection of innocent civilians today wherever they may be?
A whole wing of Seaton Hospital in Devon is earmarked for demolition under this Government.
The proposal to demolish this wing is an insult to the communities that raised millions of pounds to help fund the upkeep of services at that hospital.
The space was given to NHS Property Services, but, thanks to the charging policy introduced by the Conservatives, that company is demanding £300,000 in rent.
Will the Prime Minister let NHS Property Services hand over the space to health charities and community interest groups so that we can stop a wrecking ball going through Seaton Hospital?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, decisions about hospital infrastructure are a matter for the NHS.
I am told that Devon Integrated Care Board is working together with NHS Property Services and local community healthcare providers to establish a future sustainable use for the currently vacant space.
May I also take the opportunity to commend the work that my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Devon (Simon Jupp)  is doing on this topic?
I would like to thank the Prime Minister for his commitment to improve transport links in the north.
However, to ensure that a complete strategic approach to rail links is achieved across the region, it should include the much-needed upgrade to the Penistone line running from Huddersfield, through my constituency, to Sheffield—an upgrade that my hon.
Friends the Members for Colne Valley (Jason McCartney) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates), who are sat with me, would also like to see delivered.
With that in mind, will my right hon.
Friend commit to including the Penistone line in the Network North plans?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic campaigner for the Penistone line rail upgrade.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary is conducting a corridor development study given the new  commitments to services on the Sheffield to Leeds and Sheffield to Hull lines, and, as part of that exercise, will consider enhancing the service on the Huddersfield to Penistone and Sheffield line, and I know that my hon.
Friend will discuss this further when he meets the rail Minister.
In Bristol South, around a third of children live in poverty, most of them in working households.
It is about the same as in Tamworth, where the Conservative candidate for tomorrow’s election made foul-mouthed comments about families struggling to make ends meet.
This is the Prime Minister’s Conservative party.
Will he condemn that candidate’s comments?
I am proud of our record supporting people with the cost of living.
Thanks to the actions that we have taken, we have paid half of the typical family’s energy bill last winter, frozen fuel duty and boosted the national living wage to record levels, and 8 million people across this country are now receiving direct cost of living payments worth £900.
While we are helping people with the cost of living, all Labour’s ideas are doing are costing them a fortune.
Mr Speaker, you may notice that many ladies in the Chamber today are wearing pink for breast cancer awareness, but roughly 15% of those with breast cancer are diagnosed with lobular cancer, a little known strain that is harder to detect, has worse outcomes and has no dedicated treatment.
I am working with Dr Susan Michaelis at the lobular moonshot project to campaign for a dedicated research stream for lobular cancer.
Will the Prime Minister meet with us to discuss this and how the Government can help us to save more lives from breast cancer?