The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have rightly said that they are working to establish the facts, looking at intelligence with our allies, and that must be right.
We also note President Biden’s comments earlier today.
Can the Foreign Secretary confirm whether the UK Government share that initial assessment?
I also ask him to share with us what information he can, either publicly or on Privy Council terms.
Does he agree that those responsible for the deaths at the Al-Ahli Hospital must be held to account?
Since Hamas’s appalling terrorist attack on Israel 11 days ago, Labour has been crystal clear that: first, we support Israel’s right to defend itself, rescue hostages and protect its citizens; secondly, international law must be followed at all times; and thirdly, civilians must not be targeted, aid must be provided and innocent lives must be protected.
Gaza is in the middle of an active humanitarian emergency: innocent Palestinian civilians are terrified for their lives.
Can the Foreign Secretary today commit that the Government will leave no stone unturned in their diplomatic efforts to secure humanitarian access to food, water, fuel, electricity and medicines, and to ensure the establishment of humanitarian corridors and the proper protection of humanitarian workers?
Palestinian civilians in Gaza must know that the world is not simply watching, but acting on their behalf.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a number of important points, which I commend to the House—a number of which I will respond to and, indeed, amplify.
He is absolutely right that this is an incredibly sensitive situation, and not just for the region itself.
Our desire to prevent this tragedy from expanding into a regional conflict remains an absolute priority, and of course we have a duty as a Government—I am sure it is a passion shared by the whole House—to ensure that Jewish and Muslim communities in the UK are safe and feel safe, and do not experience ramifications from circumstances that are far beyond these shores and beyond their control.
For that reason, everybody—particularly those who have a voice in the public sphere, whether formal or informal—should be particularly careful about what information they disseminate.
They should be particularly vigilant against disinformation, and speculation is never useful.
I appreciate that the House, and indeed the country, will want to understand what is going on in  real time, and sometimes the pause that we impose on ourselves to ensure that the information the Government provide is accurate can be frustrating, but I would prefer, of course, to be accurate rather than just to work at pace.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that there are malign influences seeking to take advantage of this terrible situation, and we do guard against that.
We take note of what President Biden has said, but we will come to our own judgment.
We will work on that quickly and ensure that our assessment is put in the public domain as soon as we are confident of the details.