Of course the sadism of Hamas can only be condemned, and there is no question of Israel’s right to defence and security, but international law is very clear that acting against international law in response to terrorism is unjustified, so in all the packages that the Prime Minister has announced vis-à-vis humanitarian aid, and the military package that he announced last week, can he tell the House how the Government will ensure that international law is adhered to, beyond just statements from Israel’s head of state?
The hon.
Member talked about our military assets.
Let me be crystal clear: the assets that we have moved into the region are not there in any combat capacity.
They are there for two reasons: first and foremost, to provide surveillance to ensure that this  crisis does not escalate and that arms are not being sent to entities like Hezbollah—that is what our surveillance aircraft are currently doing, and indeed the next set of assets arriving this week will also help—but also to provide contingency support for humanitarian assistance as and when required in the coming days and weeks.
On Sunday, Terrence Carney, a 70-year-old Hartlepudlian, was murdered by an asylum seeker.
The people are afraid and angry.
Every week, my office is besieged by asylum seekers.
My staff are intimidated by young men.
The fact is that most of them are illegal migrants who should be expelled.
My thoughts and sympathies are with Mr Carney’s family and friends, and all my constituents affected by this heinous crime.
However, sympathy is not enough.
They deserve action, and I am demanding it.
Will the Prime Minister take action?
Will he make sure that enforcement is delivered?
Will he ensure that people who have no right to be here are expelled?
Enough is enough.
I want these people out of Hartlepool now.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am unable to comment on cases that are currently before the court, but I join her in expressing my sympathies to the families affected.
I reassure her that the Government are doing everything that we can to tackle illegal migration and the harm that it causes by removing those with no right to be here in the UK.
We have excellent long-standing relationships to return people to many countries.
We are returning thousands more people this year than we have in the past, and we will continue to use every avenue at our disposal to ensure that it is only this country and this Government who decide who comes here, and not criminal gangs.
We have all been horrified by events in Israel and Gaza, and it is right that we condemn utterly the inhuman terrorism of Hamas.
That should also be the case for any obscenities and war crimes carried out by the Israeli defence force.
Both the UN and Médecins Sans Frontières have described the siege of Gaza and the withholding of water from its people as collective punishment—a war crime under the Geneva convention—yet this week both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition have supported Israel’s right to do so.
Why?
Quite simply put, Israel suffered from a brutal terrorist attack at the hands of Hamas, and it is absolutely right that Israel has a right to defend itself, root out terrorism, and ensure that such an act does not happen again.
As Israel’s President has said, its military will operate within international law, but the hon.
Gentleman failed to acknowledge that it is Hamas who embed themselves inside civilian populations and put innocent civilians in harm’s way.
He would do well to remember that.
My right hon.
Friend has been absolutely right to lead the nation in reassuring the British Jewish community in the wake of the utterly appalling atrocity visited upon Israel and Jews on  7 October .
I understand that my right hon.
Friend will be travelling to the region, and he will see for himself the shock and trauma that is through the Israeli nation after this  event—shock and trauma that is accompanied by a rage.
The enormous danger is that the Israeli reaction, led by a Prime Minister who will be held accountable for this failure of intelligence, is going to amount—is indeed amounting—to a war crime.
That will not only be a crime; it will be a mistake.
I urge my right hon.
Friend: there is now no one better placed to urge Israel to stay within the international rule of law, and to exercise restraint on behalf of us all.
As a friend, we will always urge Israel to take every possible practical precaution to avoid harming civilians, and indeed to act within international law, as Israel’s President has said its armed forces will do, while recognising the incredible complexity and difficulty of the situation on the ground.
It bears repeating that Hamas is a terrorist organisation that embeds itself inside a civilian population.
We always have to remember that.
Israel is taking every possible practical step to avoid harming civilians, and we will do everything we can to provide humanitarian support to the area.