The Secretary of State and I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a range of issues, including energy costs.
The Government spent nearly £40 billion protecting households and businesses from high energy bills over last winter, meaning that between October 2022 and June 2023, a typical household saw half of their energy bills paid for by the Government.
The Government did not listen to the renewable energy sector, which repeatedly warned them that the budget set for this year’s offshore wind auction was too low to attract bidders to develop offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Can the Minister tell the House why that advice was ignored, leading to not a single bid being made?
What I can tell the hon.
Lady is that it is an issue of discussion that the Secretary of State and I are engaged with.
We understand the importance of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea and it will progress in due course.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the Restricted Roads (20 mph Speed Limit)
(Wales) Order 2022 on the Welsh economy.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the Restricted Roads (20 mph Speed Limit)
(Wales) Order 2022 on the Welsh economy.
No sensible person would oppose a 20 mph speed limit where there is a case to be made on the basis of safety outside hospitals, old people’s homes or schools, but the blanket decision by the Welsh Government, which has been opposed by over 460,000 signatories to the largest petition in the Senedd’s history, is deeply unpopular, deeply expensive and completely wrong.
Given that more than 450,000 people in Wales have signed an online petition against the Labour Welsh Government’s blanket 20 mph roll-out, does my right hon.
Friend agree that devolved Administrations across the United Kingdom should listen to the people and the communities they serve, rather than their own narrow centralised agenda?
I agree completely with what my hon.
Friend says.
The Welsh Labour Government need to listen to what people have said about this and they need to listen also to all those who are opposed to this ridiculous war on motorists, which is not just about a 20 mph speed limit but a block on any new roads being built and extra road charges.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Can I just say to Conservative Members that the hon.
Member was in the middle of asking a question?
It is disrespectful to your own side.
You should think about what you are doing.
People should wait.
Just because you want to cheer somebody coming in.
Do it at the right time.
That is totally inappropriate.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Labour likes to showcase Welsh Labour as its blueprint for the rest of the United Kingdom.
Does the Secretary of State not agree that this is yet more evidence of its war against motorists wherever they are: Wales, Dudley North or the rest of the United Kingdom?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We need to be very careful of this blueprint for Britain, which includes a ban on new roads, a ban on meal deals, a tourism tax, road charges, over £100 million being spent on more politicians, a £1,600 minimum wage being paid to some asylum seekers and a ban on news channels in the Assembly that Senedd Members disagree with.
That is not a blueprint for Britain; it is a recipe for disaster.
I hope the people of Wales will take note and vote Conservative in the next election.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the impact of increases in mortgage interest rates on homeowners in Wales.
The Government recognise that this is a concerning time for mortgage holders, especially those who are due to come to the end of a fixed deal in the immediate future.
We are supporting borrowers who  are struggling with their mortgage payments through the new mortgage charter.
It sets out the standards that signatory lenders will adopt, including new flexibilities to help customers manage their mortgage payments over a short period.
Throughout Scotland, people are paying the price of the Westminster-made cost of living crisis as a result of this Conservative Government and the actions of the Tories in crashing the economy last year.
Will the Government bring forward that mortgage interest relief scheme for my constituents, and perhaps even for those in East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow?
The Government have, of course, provided “support for mortgage interest” loans for those receiving income-related benefits, and the pre-action protocol helps to make repossessions less likely.
That is in addition to the action that I have already outlined.