(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the explosion at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza.
The destruction of the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza is an appalling tragedy.
A hospital is a place of compassion and care.
This devastating loss of human life is profoundly disturbing.
I am sure that I speak for the whole House when I offer my sincere condolences to the families of the deceased and to the injured.
The UK is working intensively with our allies to establish the facts.
We will not rush to judgment.
The whole House will understand that pointing fingers prematurely only fuels regional instability and upsets community cohesion here in the UK.
We need a firm grasp of what has happened, not a slew of social media commentary.
We all share a duty to be thoughtful and careful in how we respond to reports emerging from the conflict, which can be at best incomplete or at worst examples of active disinformation.
We are carefully analysing the evidence that has been put in the public domain, and other information.
As soon as we have reached a definitive conclusion for ourselves, we will make it public.
Some things are not in doubt, however.
As my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister set out, Hamas carried out a terrorist assault on Israel that was unprecedented in that country’s 75-year history.
The whole House united in support of Israel’s right to defend itself against terrorism.
In defending itself, Israel must act with professionalism and an unwavering commitment to international law.
States must take every precaution to minimise civilian casualties and ensure that humanitarian support reaches those in need.
I welcome President Herzog’s unequivocal commitment—made both directly to me and in public—that Israel is operating in accordance with the rules of international law.
By embedding themselves in civilian populations, using innocent Palestinians as human shields, launching thousands of rockets since Saturday from one of the most crowded places in the world, and preventing civilians from heeding Israeli warnings about future areas of operation, Hamas reveal themselves and their callous indifference to human life.
In this tense situation, UK diplomacy is relentlessly focused on our aims: supporting our nationals in their moment of need, pushing for and delivering humanitarian support, and working to prevent tensions spilling over into the wider region or playing out on the streets of this country.
I have travelled to Israel and engaged with G7 allies and regional partners, and I will visit the region again later today because we recognise that this will require intensive effort.
None of us knows how this complex, protracted situation will develop.
The Government are committed to keeping the House updated.
Both here in the UK and in the region, this is a time for cool heads and determination to make a difference.
Thank you so much, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for his engagement with the Opposition at this very difficult time.
Today, we stand united in mourning the death of hundreds of innocent Palestinian civilians at the Al-Ahli Hospital.
A place of healing became a scene of destruction.
Hospitals must always be protected.
The death of every civilian, Palestinian or Israeli, is an equal tragedy that pushes back the cause of peace.
When facing an incident of this magnitude, we all have a duty to act responsibly and judiciously as the facts are determined.
Will the Foreign Secretary join me in urging everyone in this House and beyond to be wary of disinformation, and to avoid dangerous speculation before the facts are clear?
Will he also update the House on what he is doing to deal with outside powers that might be seeking to drive division on our own shores?