British researchers are among the best in the world.
We are not so good at turning our brilliant research into the growth that our economy so desperately needs, which requires collaboration between businesses and universities throughout the long years of discovery, testing, adoption and commercialisation.
Funding science in chunks of three years or less does not help, so universities, businesses and researchers have all welcomed Labour’s commitment to set 10-year budgets for funding bodies in key institutions.
Does the Secretary of State agree, or is that too much to expect from a short-term, sticking-plaster Government?
While the words sound good, it is this Government who are delivering on our plan.
Just a few months ago we published our response to the spin-out review, and we are making record levels of investment—£20 billion in research and development.
This is a Government who are not just talking the talk, but actually delivering.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support women into science, technology, engineering and mathematics jobs.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support women into science, technology, engineering and mathematics jobs.
Our priority is to ensure that everyone, regardless of background, can pursue the exciting opportunities in STEM.
That ambition fully extends to the hon.
Members’ constituents in Paisley and Renfrewshire North and in Livingston.
New data from Times Higher Education reveals that female science undergraduates are twice as likely to experience sexism as their peers on non-science courses.
Many have reported being patronised or belittled by their male classmates, with this behaviour routinely going unchallenged by staff.
What steps is the Minister taking to address the pervasive culture of sexism in STEM so that more women can be encouraged to pursue jobs in that important sector?
A key priority for this Government is ensuring that everybody, regardless of background, faces no discrimination and can pursue an occupation in STEM.
I am pleased to report that the number of STEM apprenticeship starts by women this year is up by almost 8%, and since 2016 a total of almost £8 million has been awarded to 152 remarkable women role models to help them grow their businesses and innovation.
A vaccine firm in my Livingston constituency, Valneva, does lifesaving and pioneering work, and nearly 50% of its workforce are women.
It does brilliant work to encourage women into STEM careers.
Would the Minister consider coming to Livingston, visiting Valneva, and meeting the company and me to see at first hand the fantastic work it does?
Yes, and I commend the hon.
Lady for having that very successful female-opportunity-giving firm in her constituency.
I am in Scotland later this month and I will try to visit her.
There can be no better example of businesses encouraging STEM education right through school and university for both men and women than the James Dyson Foundation in Malmesbury in my constituency.
Will the Minister join me in warmly thanking and congratulating Sir James Dyson on his recent contribution of £6 million to Malmesbury Primary School, which will also be available for all children in Malmesbury to promote STEM at the heart of my constituency?
I warmly congratulate the Dyson Foundation on that.
It is a fantastic example of philanthropy.
As my hon.
Friend will know, maths education is a key building block, and we are consulting on establishing a national academy of mathematical science, backed by £6 million of funding.
The consultation ends this Sunday and I hope that many hon.
Members will respond.
Improving diversity in STEM is not just the right thing to do; it is vital to our future success.
Diversity brings new ways of thinking, a better understanding and a new approach.
Can the Minister ensure that the Department for Education encourages people to think about STEM careers at the earliest possible level, particularly in primary schools?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about diversity in STEM starting at the earliest possible age.
I will of course talk to my colleagues in the Department for Education about doing precisely that.
A number of my constituents who work in STEM areas have expressed concerns about female research partners currently in Gaza.
Can the Minister confirm whether any discussions have taken place with colleagues at the Home Office about providing emergency visas to female STEM academics who are currently working in collaboration with UK partners?
I am not aware of that, but I will happily ask the question of Home Office colleagues and write to the hon.
Lady.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the space industry skills gap.
Delivering a national space strategy is a key priority for me and the Department.
I recognise that a strong space workforce is critical to this, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that we will be publishing a space workforce action plan later this year.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his answer and for his work on this.
He knows, as I do, that the innovation economy in this country is creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs.
Indeed, 500,000 are forecast over the next 10 years in space, agritech, cleantech engineering and bio, in clusters all around the country, as the recent cluster map showed.
Will he ensure that the excellent Department for Education future skills unit liaises closely with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology cluster team to make sure that we are properly building the job creation plans into the local skills improvement plans on the ground?
My hon.
Friend has done so much to advance the interests of skills in the sector during his many years of public service, and he is quite right to draw attention to the successful cluster map that was launched by the Secretary of State 10 days ago.
The development of skills is a shared responsibility between Government and industry and we take our responsibilities in that respect very seriously.
I want to put on record my thanks to  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman)  for having taken the Sutherland spaceport to where it is.
It is now well under way.
Does the Minister agree that the skills we have at Dounreay and at the nearby Thurso College could play a large part in making this a centre of excellence for space launch?
I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
This is a very exciting moment in UK space, and he has long championed the cause of his own constituents in that respect.
I look forward to this year being a very successful year for him and the whole space supply chain, and inspiring a future generation locally.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
We have made huge progress in connecting the countryside.
In 2019 only 6% of premises had gigabit-capable broadband; now it is 80%, and the UK is building gigabit networks faster than any country in the EU.
This month we launched another six Project Gigabit contracts to connect another 690,000 rural homes.
The shared rural networks are tackling mobile notspots and we have satellite trials for the very hardest to reach.
I am grateful to the Minister for all the work that her Department is doing, but my constituents in Inkberrow have contacted me because they are really concerned that the infrastructure for their much-needed broadband is being put in using poles in the street rather than underground as they were promised.
We must upgrade our infrastructure, but we must not damage our beautiful countryside in the process, so what can she do to support my constituents in Inkberrow to ensure that this much-needed infrastructure is buried underground?