When important matters of life and death are voted on in this House, does the Prime Minister think MPs should vote according to their party Whip or according to their conscience?
This afternoon the House will have an opportunity to consider its approach to the situation in Israel and Gaza.
Our position is crystal clear: we have called, and will always call, for an immediate humanitarian pause, which would allow the safe release of hostages and more aid to go into Gaza, to create the conditions for a genuinely sustainable ceasefire.
But just calling for an immediate, full ceasefire now, which would collapse back into fighting in days or weeks, would not be in anyone’s interests.
We are committed not just to an immediate humanitarian pause, but to finding a lasting resolution to this conflict that delivers on the promise of a two-state solution and ensures that Israelis and Palestinians can live in the future with dignity and security.
It seems that, with the exception of the British Transport police, all other police forces will treat non-contact sex crimes as they would perhaps the theft of a bike, petty retail crime or antisocial behaviour.
Will the Prime Minister facilitate a meeting between me, colleagues and the Home Secretary to give priority to these acts of crime, to ensure that women and young girls get the protection they deserve?
Of course we want women and girls to get the protection that they deserve, and I am pleased that our violence against women and girls strategy is showing results, improving the safety on our streets and increasing sentences for rapists.
I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that he needs with the Home Secretary or relevant policing Ministers to discuss his concerns.
I heard the Prime Minister’s responses to the Leader of the Opposition.
Just like the Business Secretary’s claims that delays on compensation are wild, baseless allegations, his answers are unbelievable.
The response from the Government Benches to the quote from my constituent Chris Head was completely disrespectful.
The reality is that we would not have any action without the ITV serialisation of the sub-postmaster scandal— Government Members can shout all they like, but we all know that is the case.
The Prime Minister has promised a new law to swiftly exonerate and compensate victims.
Today he said “shortly”, so will he commit today to ensuring that it is brought forward before the next general election?
Yes, the legislation will be brought before the House very, very soon.
After Network Rail’s so-called signalling improvement works, there has been traffic chaos and delays at level crossings across Egham.
In fact, data analysed by my team shows that in the year to September 2023 there was a 3,967% increase in waits of more than 10 minutes from when the barriers go down.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is unacceptable and that Network Rail needs to sort it out?
I am sorry to hear about the delays faced by my hon.
Friend’s constituents, which I know will be disruptive to their lives.
It is important that we have proper connectivity in our local areas, and  I will ensure that he gets the relevant meeting he needs to put pressure on Network Rail to improve the service it is providing.
Children and young adults are most likely to be the victims or perpetrators of knife crime.
Ava White was 12 years old when she was stabbed and killed by a 14-year-old in Liverpool city centre in 2021.
Danny Jamieson was 16 when he died as a result of knife crime.
Their mothers, Leann and Mandy, are campaigning for tougher sentences for knife crime.
Will the Prime Minister support the Danny and Ava campaign to end the scourge of knife crime on our streets?
I express my condolences to Danny and Ava’s families, and the families of all the young people whose lives have been so tragically cut short by knife crime.
We have plans in place to cut knife crime, and they are working—we have confiscated over 120,000 weapons, we have cut violent crime in half since 2010, and more dangerous criminals are going to jail for longer.
We are bringing forward legislation to increase sentences for knife crime and to ban zombie knives, and I very much hope that the hon.
Lady and her party will support those proposals when they are put before the House.
After years of campaigning, it is great news that there will be a direct bus link between two of my biggest towns in Rother Valley, Dinnington and Maltby.
However, there is still a lack of bus transport to our local hospitals.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the South Yorkshire Mayor should use some of his resources to back my plan for transport for the Rother Valley, to ensure that every single village and town has a direct bus link to our local hospitals?
We know how vital bus services are to communities right across the country—indeed, buses are our most popular form of public transportation—which is why we have used some of the savings from HS2 to invest in bus services.
We have capped bus fares at £2 right across the country, and we have provided my hon.
Friend’s local authority with millions of pounds of more funding specifically to support local bus services.
I join him in calling on the Mayor to ensure that there are direct bus routes to hospitals in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and to make sure that people can see their loved ones at a distressing time.
At the weekend the people of south Wales marched in support of the steel industry, following the Government’s grubby deal with Tata, which is now placing thousands of jobs at risk in Port Talbot and beyond.
The Prime Minister is failing to protect our steel industry because he failed to  make protecting jobs at the plant a red line.
He now has a choice: work with the unions, Tata and the workforce to protect the industry and the jobs with investment, or walk away and do what Tories always do—abandon the south Wales communities yet again.
Which is it, Prime Minister?
This Government have worked hard to secure a long-term, sustainable future for Welsh steelmaking, and to grow the legacy of that important industry.
That is why during the pandemic we stepped in to support Celsa, which, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, safeguarded more than 1,000 jobs and ensured that the plant was sustainable.
It is why we agreed one of the largest ever cash grants, of half a billion pounds, for Tata Steel to safeguard at least 5,000 jobs that would otherwise have been lost.
The hon.
Gentleman might want to ask why the Welsh Labour Government did not put in a penny to support that deal.
The Watford area continues to be the proud home of the national lottery, which employs more than 900 people.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister, and the whole Cabinet, join me in celebrating the successful handover from Camelot to Allwyn on  1 February , and also the £48 billion raised by national lottery players, which so far has funded 700,000 projects in, I am sure, every constituency?
I join my hon.
Friend in his congratulations and thank everyone involved with the national lottery.
We are all seeing, in our constituencies, the incredible benefit from the investments that they are making, and he is absolutely right to ensure that they receive the praise they deserve today in Parliament.