Devon County Council is spending its broadband clawback money on anything but broadband.
That £7.8 million was intended for improving broadband in rural areas, including in villages such as Northleigh.
Residents have encountered numerous pledges on poles, but they still do not have full fibre.
Does the Minister think the clawback funding for broadband should have been ringfenced by Devon County Council?
These issues have been highlighted many times by Conservative Members from Devon.
We thought we had worked through some of those challenges.
The clawback challenge that the hon.
Gentleman highlights has not previously been raised with me, and I will happily look into it for him.
Some 4.8 million people live in rural 5G notspots; rural areas are seven times more likely to have broadband speeds worse than those at base camp at Everest; one in five poorer homes have no internet to the home at all; and cardiac arrest  phones and medical monitors still rely on analogue telephony.
[Interruption.]
Why are this Government such an abject failure?
Order.
The House could not hear Sir Chris Bryant—[Interruption.]
I will have no suggestion that that was deliberate.
People may need to speak, but can they do so in a quiet voice and allow Sir Chris to re-ask his question?
Let us just stick with the punchline, shall we?
Why are this Government such an abject failure?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman loves to stick the boot in, but he has chosen the wrong subject here.
In 2019, there was 6% gigabit coverage, whereas the figure now is 80%.
This is a massive infrastructure project, and it is one of the biggest successes that we have, so he has chosen the wrong thing to be snipey about.
What steps her Department is taking to support research and development in medical technology.
The UK has an exceptional record of innovation in medical technology.
There could not be a more exciting time for the sector; we are extending the length and quality of human life, and solving rare diseases, with the help of the Medical Research Council’s £650 million grant this year.
The north-east has a fantastic life sciences sector, with 7,000 people working in it and a unique combination of medical and technology assets, networks and academic expertise.
However, with business investment at record lows, what are the Government doing to ensure that our brilliant research and development is transferred into real manufacturing jobs?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Government are investing in medical manufacturing.
I would be happy to meet her or businesses in her constituency to make sure that they can access those funds.
However, it is only the good stewardship of our economy that has allowed us to continue to invest record amounts in research and innovation in the UK.
What steps she is taking to ensure that regulators have adequate capacity and co-ordination to implement the AI regulatory principles.
Ensuring that regulators have the right skills and capabilities to regulate in their domains is fundamental to the effective delivery of our approach on artificial intelligence regulation.
To support that, we have established a central co-ordination function, which will provide regulators with guidance on implementing the regulatory principles and help them  to identify emerging risks and challenges.
The £10 million funding we have announced to jump-start regulator capacity and capability will form a crucial element of this work.
AI in the UK still lacks sufficient regulation, despite the pace of change and the risks posed.
The Government stated that they expect to introduce “a statutory duty on regulators requiring them to have due regard” to the five high-level principles outlined in the AI White Paper.
So will the Secretary of State confirm if and when she will legislate for that, and what factors will inform her decision?
The risks of AI are still emerging, so the priority of this Government is keeping pace with those risks, to keep the public safe.
That is why we have an agile, sector-specific approach, utilising our world-leading regulators, whereas the Opposition keep calling for legislation on an area they do not understand.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one important thing about the Bletchley conference was that it enabled international co-operation on interoperability and a common approach?
Does she also agree that that will enable regulators to co-operate internationally?
I absolutely agree with what my right hon.
and learned Friend says, and I call it the “Bletchley effect”; we have seen action taken in other nations across the world since our world-leading first ever AI global summit on safety.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.