I was in the House on 18 March 2003 when this House voted to go to war in Iraq on the demands of the then Labour Government.
What followed was death, misery, and destruction on an almost unimaginable scale.
Voting against the Iraq war is the vote I am most proud of in my time in this House.
Today, after 29,000 deaths in Gaza, we face a vote of similar significance.
Does the Prime Minister believe that MPs today should look back with that same pride, knowing that they have done everything possible to stop the death, destruction, and misery tonight?
Nobody wants to see the fighting in Gaza go on for a moment longer than is necessary, and nobody wants to see innocent civilians suffer.
That is why we are doing absolutely everything we can to bring about an immediate humanitarian pause, allowing for the safe release of hostages, which the hon.
Gentleman failed to mention I believe, and also getting more aid into Gaza to create the conditions for a genuinely sustainable ceasefire.
That is the position shared by our allies, that is what our diplomatic efforts are focused on, and that is what our motion tonight will reflect.
I have had the privilege to be spending a lot of time with the law-abiding, tax-paying, hard-working patriotic people of Romford in recent months, and they have been telling me what they think.
Does the Prime Minister agree with the people of Romford that we need a radical plan to control immigration and stop illegal immigration, to regain sovereignty over our human rights laws in this country, to tell the Mayor of London that we need more police to stop crime in the London Borough of Havering, and a fair funding settlement for Havering?
Will the Prime Minister come with me to Romford market, following the footsteps of Margaret Thatcher, and meet the people of Romford?
One thing I can tell him they do not want is to be taken back into the European Union by a socialist Government.
May I welcome my hon.
Friend back to his place?
I agree with everything he said, and I look forward to visiting him and his Romford constituents at the earliest opportunity.
At a recent meeting of Warwickshire County Council, children with special educational needs were described by some county councillors as requiring “some form of strict correction”, or were “just really badly behaved”.
Other inappropriate language was used.
Parents of SEN children across the country have been outraged by this, with some 30,000 of them signing a petition calling for those councillors’ resignations.
Will the Prime Minister condemn the Conservative councillors’ language and urge them to do the right thing and resign?
I have not seen the details of those comments and this issue.
More generally, the Government have a strong track record of supporting those with disabilities.
It is important that children with special educational needs receive the right support in  the right place at the right time.
We have seen funding for SEN increase by 60% over this Parliament to more than £10 billion.
Most recently, the Department for Education and the Department of Health and Social Care are piloting a new project to improve access to specialty support in mainstream primary schools, because we want to make sure that these children get all the support and opportunities they deserve.
We have legislated to give the public ID verification options on social media, and tech companies know the safety value and popularity of that, because they offer it now, but for a big fee every month—it is not good enough.
Bereaved parents are campaigning for more measures to protect kids online, fraudsters are routinely exploiting fake social media accounts to scam, and there are fears of global political interference in elections from faceless, traceless bots.
It is creating the perfect cyber-storm.
Will my right hon.
Friend use his influence to get tech companies to get on with offering robust, visible and free verification measures as soon as possible to keep people safe?
Can I start by commending my hon.
Friend on her work on this issue?
She is absolutely right that user verification can be a powerful tool to keep people safe online.
The Online Safety Act 2023, as she knows, requires companies to offer all adults optional user identity verification.
Companies will also need to take firm action to improve safety for children in particular, and Ofcom will be able to monitor tech companies and have strong powers to ensure they comply.
I can tell her that the Home Secretary is meeting the industry on Monday next week and will be sure to raise the points she has mentioned today.
A KPMG study finds a strong economic case to remove power cables over the Tyne.
Despite my questions to previous Prime Ministers, we are no further forward.
Can this Prime Minister finally secure a commitment from National Grid to implement its clear legal obligation and fund this vital work?
This fog on the Tyne is impeding local businesses and risks possible net GVA benefits of up to £1.2 billion.
Our great river needs action now.
I am happy to look into the issue that the hon.
Lady raises.
What would be damaging to the north-east and the Tyne are her party’s plans to stick with their completely ridiculous 2030 decarbonisation target with absolutely no plan to pay for it, which just means higher taxes for everyone in her constituency and the country.
Britain’s food security, compromised by cheap foreign imports, now faces a parallel threat: all kinds of industrialisation of the countryside, from large solar plants to interconnectors and substations, and now huge pylons covering 87 miles of countryside.
These will blot the landscape and use up valuable growing land, filling the fenland big skies.
Knowing that the Prime Minister’s bow burns with gold, like my own, will he ensure that he joins my fight for our green and pleasant land and so make sure that food security and energy security are not competitors?
My right hon.
Friend raises an excellent point about our food security.
The Government have taken steps, which he has supported, to protect prime agricultural land from large-scale solar developments, which I know will be warmly welcomed.
Our announcements this week at the National Farmers Union conference also demonstrate our support to increase our country’s food security, backing farmers with more funding and enhancing their productivity to produce great British food.
As he knows, all of that, including our green and pleasant land, would be put at risk by the Labour party, which not only does not want to back our farmers but wants to impose top-down planning targets, which would concrete over the countryside that he and I both love.
In December, the Cabinet Minister for Women and Equalities told the House that she had engaged “extensively” with LGBT organisations since her appointment 18 months ago.
A freedom of information answer published this week reveals that, in fact, the Minister has not met a single LGBT organisation but has met two fringe groups that actively campaign against transgender rights.
What is the problem that the Prime Minister and a section of his party have with trans people, and that his Minister has with the truth?
As I have always said, the Government have a proud track record of supporting those in the LGBT community, and we will continue to do so.
I have also always said that those who are questioning their gender and identity should be treated with the utmost dignity, compassion and sensitivity as they consider those questions.
But, alongside that, it is completely reasonable to highlight the importance of biological sex when it comes to those questions.
Nobody should be stigmatised or demonised for pointing out that fact.
The Education Committee has heard compelling evidence to support the strengthening of guidance to keep mobile phones out of classrooms and break times, but over the course of our screen time inquiry we continue to hear deeply disturbing evidence about the risks to young people from too much exposure to social media too early.
May I urge the Prime Minister to seek the swiftest possible implementation of the Online Safety Act 2023 and to consider whether it is time to review the age of digital consent?