I start by welcoming my hon.
Friends the new Members for Kingswood (Damien Egan) and for Wellingborough (Gen Kitchen).
I know that they will both be powerful advocates for their constituents.
On a more sombre note, I join with the Prime Minister—I was glad to hear what he just had to say, because I am sure that the whole House will join me—in sharing our disgust at the death of Alexei Navalny, who, as the Prime Minister said, died because of his efforts to expose the corruption of the Putin regime.
It is a reminder that Putin has stolen not just the wealth but the future and democracy of the Russian people.
Would the Prime Minister be prepared personally to repeat the allegation made by his Business Secretary that the former chair of the Post Office is “lying” when he says that he was told to “go slow” on compensation for postmasters, and “limp” to the next election?
As the Business Secretary said on Monday, she asked Henry Staunton to step down after serious concerns were raised.
She set out the reasons for this, and the full background, in the House earlier this week, but importantly we have taken unprecedented steps to ensure that victims of the Horizon scandal receive compensation as swiftly as possible, and in full.
Making sure that victims receive justice and compensation remains our No. 1 priority, and we will shortly bring forward legislation to address this matter.
I am not sure that takes us very much further forward, so let me press on.
On Monday, the Business Secretary also confirmed categorically—I will quote this, in fairness to the Prime Minister: “that the Post Office was at no point told to delay compensation payments by either an official or a Minister from any Government Department, and that at no point was it suggested that a delay would be of benefit to the Treasury”.—[Official Report,  19 February 2024 ; Vol. 745, c. 476.]
That was on Monday.
A note released by the former Post Office chair this morning appears to directly contradict that.
I appreciate—[Interruption.]
This really matters to the people who have been at the heart of this.
I appreciate that the Business Secretary has put the Prime Minister in a tricky position, but will he commit to investigating this matter properly, including whether that categorical statement was correct, and why, rather than taking those accusations seriously, she accused a whistleblower of lying?
It is worth bearing in mind that, as the Business Secretary said on Monday, she asked Henry Staunton to step down after serious concerns were raised.
However, this is, on a matter of substance, one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our nation’s history, because people who were working hard serving their communities had their lives and reputations destroyed.
That is why we are working hard to ensure that they get justice and compensation, why we established Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry, why we have already paid out over £150 million of compensation to almost 3,000 victims, and why we will introduce new legislation shortly to exonerate them.
We will ensure that we do what is needed, that the truth comes to light, that we right the wrongs of the past, and, crucially, that victims get the justice that they deserve.
I do hope that the Prime Minister will instigate that investigation into what was said on Monday, because one of the features of this miscarriage is that where concerns have been raised, they have been pushed to one side.
This week, we also learned that a 2016 investigation into whether post office branch accounts could be altered was suddenly stopped before it was completed.
Had that investigation revealed that they could be altered, which we now know to be the case, the livelihoods of those wrongly prosecuted could have been saved.
What did Government Ministers know about it at the time?
The Leader of the Opposition has picked one particular date, but it is worth bearing in mind that this scandal—[Interruption.]
Hang on.
This scandal has unfolded over decades, and it was following a landmark 2019 High Court case that the previous Government established a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams, which is uncovering exactly what went wrong.
It is right that that inquiry is allowed to do its work.
Also, following the High Court case, the Government established an independent advisory board and not one but three different compensation schemes.
As of now, over two thirds of people have received full and final offers.
What we are focused on is ensuring that victims get the justice and compensation that they deserve.
This information about 2016 has come to light just this week, which is precisely why I am asking about it.
Considering that the Prime Minister’s Foreign Secretary was running the Government in 2016, and one of the Prime Minister’s current Cabinet Office Ministers was the Post Office Minister, has he thought to ask either of them what they knew in 2016?
No, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
We did the right thing, which was to set up an independent statutory inquiry.
That is the right way to resolve this issue; it is the right way to get victims the truth and the answers that they demand.
This Government are getting on with getting them the compensation that they rightly deserve.
As we all know, the Horizon scandal left people isolated, their livelihoods lost, their lives ruined.
Some died without ever getting the justice that they deserved.
Fears of delay, or of cover up, are causing them anguish.
Yesterday, Chris Head, once accused by the Post Office of owing more than £80,000, said this: “There is a lack of transparency…We need to see the correspondence between [the] Post Office, the department and UKGI because all of this time everything gets shrouded in secrecy”—[Interruption.]
These are his words; have some respect, please.
These are victims.
I appreciate that the inquiry is ongoing, but as the Prime Minister knows—as do I and the whole House—that does not provide a reason why he cannot draw a line under this, give postmasters such as Chris the peace of mind that they need, and release all the correspondence that he wants to see.
Will he now do so?
As I said, this is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our country’s history.
I do not think it is one that the Leader of the Opposition ever raised with me during these exchanges over the past year, but we are working hard to get victims not just the answers but the compensation that they deserve.
We now have a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams, who has the powers to get access to all the documentation that he requires and to speak to everybody that he needs to.
That is the right and proper way to get the truth that the victims deserve, but in the meantime, we are not wasting a moment to get victims the compensation they deserve.
The legislation will be before the House shortly.
In recent decades, there have been numerous scandals that have left public faith in our institutions shaken, and rebuilding that confidence will require those affected to see that politicians are being honest with them and to believe it.
Just like the postmasters, victims of the infected blood scandal have been subject to unimaginable trauma during their search for justice, so can the Prime Minister put their minds at ease and tell the House what undertakings he has given to ensure that the Government are not “limping to the election” on payments that those victims are owed by the British state?
When it comes to the infected blood scandal, as I have said before, I am acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this issue and the suffering of all those who were impacted by that dreadful scandal.
I gave evidence to the inquiry myself last year, and as I said then, I recognise that thousands have suffered for decades.
As the Leader of the Opposition knows, there is an independent inquiry.
As this is an incredibly complex issue, as he well knows, the Minister for the Cabinet Office updated Parliament with the latest Government position just before the Christmas recess.
He announced that the Cabinet Office was appointing an expert group of clinical, legal and social care experts so that it had the relevant expertise to make informed decisions, responding to the inquiry’s recommendations on compensation when they come.
He also confirmed that the Department of Health and Social Care will implement a fully bespoke psychological service for people infected and affected.
We have also committed to providing an update to Parliament on next steps through an oral statement within 25 sitting days of the publication of the final report.
But I will end where I began: this is a deeply awful scandal, and we will do what we need to do to make it right.
There is a plan for at least 2,000 single young men who have come here illegally soon to be housed just 3 miles from the centre of Lincoln at RAF Scampton, in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)—if Home Office Ministers have their way.
On top of the huge and rising costs and the recent advice from civil servants to Home Office Ministers to can the plan, what reassurance can the Prime Minister and his Home Secretary give that Scampton will not replicate the scandalous incidents that occurred in Cambridge in 2014, when 300 Libyan trainees were housed at RAF Bassingbourn?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
I assure him that we want asylum accommodation to have as little impact as possible on the local community.
I understand that the Home Office has put a number of measures in place, including a specialist security provider working on site 24/7 and CCTV, and it is working with the local police as well.
However, I know my hon.
Friend agrees with me that the only way to stop this problem fully and ensure that local communities are not seeing the housing of illegal migrants—whether that is on large sites or in hotels—is to have a plan to stop the boats.
That is what this party and this Government do, and it is Labour that is blocking us at every step of the way.