Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
Let us keep it a bit quieter It is not fair that we cannot hear the Minister.
We have just celebrated one year since my Department was created.
In that time, we have pushed research and development funding to record levels.
We have secured a bespoke deal on Horizon Europe.
We have led the globe when it comes to AI safety, and we have passed the world-leading Online Safety Act 2023 and much more.
We have a plan to go even further.
My Department continues to drive innovation, to create better jobs and to push economic growth.
This month, we have set out our pro-innovation, pro-safety plans to regulate artificial intelligence, building on the success of the AI safety summit to cement Britain’s position as a global leader in safe and trustworthy AI.
We are slashing red tape to  free our researchers from pointless paperwork.
We have a plan to go even further and become a science and technology superpower, and that plan is working.
Higher salary requirements and visa charges for skilled workers plus impossibly restrictive family visa rules will put the UK out of reach for many early career researchers and scientists.
What is the Secretary of State doing to stand up against these crazy Home Office policies, which will make her own Department’s goals for recruiting researchers and technicians virtually impossible to achieve?
The UK has fantastic pull power, with world-leading facilities, four out of the top 10 universities and a range of routes for people to come here, including the very successful global talent visa.
Recently, after some storms, residents in Hanbury and other rural parts of my constituency were without broadband for three weeks.
The problem was fixed only when I, the local MP, got involved.
What can the Minister do to make sure that these providers restore services much more quickly?
Three weeks is a completely unacceptable delay.
I am sorry to hear of the problems that my hon.
Friend’s constituents experienced.
Telecommunications companies are under certain obligations to Ofcom to keep networks up and running.
We are testing those resilience measures.
Thankfully, gigabit broadband is a much more resilient network which, has withstood floods in York recently for example, but we hope to be able to have a much more resilient network in future.