My right hon.
Friend and his colleagues will be aware of the challenges that businesses and households face in coastal communities.
As the Budget approaches, may I urge him to be ever mindful of how we maintain the vitality of the economies in our coastal areas?
I absolutely will; that is a core part of the levelling-up agenda, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that, since we started on that agenda,   two thirds of all new jobs created have been outside London and the south-east.
We will continue to look at any proposals he may have in that respect.
The Government have deliberately created a funding model for universities in which they are dependent on income from international students.
Does the Chancellor share my concern about ensuring that nothing is done to undermine that income?
The university sector is one of the jewels of this country and I am proud that we have four of the world’s top 20 universities.
I am happy to look at any individual proposals from the hon.
Gentleman.
Last June the Exchequer Secretary announced the energy security investment mechanism, and I welcomed the announcement in last November’s autumn statement that the floor price would rise with inflation from April.
How and when will that be legislated for, and will he look at alternative ways of setting that floor price, other than the 20-year reference period that is already used?
The energy security investment mechanism was designed, as my hon.
Friend points out, to give more certainty not only to the oil and gas sector, but to investors, ensuring that the energy profits levy is disapplied when prices return to historically normal levels.
To provide additional certainty, on the back of urging from him and the industry, we have agreed to legislate for ESIM and will be announcing that shortly.
Regardless of what the Chancellor tells us, the reality remains that people in Bradford are worse off after 14 years of this Government.
Healthcare, GPs and dentists are less accessible, homes are more expensive, colder and riddled with mould, jobs are less secure and badly paid, with stagnating wages, and household savings have been wiped out by rising food, water, energy and fuel bills.
Ahead of the last Budget he will deliver before the general election, will the Chancellor apologise for 14 years of disaster that have devastated our communities?
Let me tell the hon.
Gentleman some positive messages he can take home to his constituents in Bradford: violent crime and burglaries have been halved, school standards are up, the NHS has more doctors and nurses than ever in history and real after-tax income for people on the minimum wage or national living wage is up by 30% if they are working full time.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me how many staff are now employed across the eight Departments based at the Darlington Economic Campus?
What progress is being made on naming the new building “William McMullen House”?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that 750 staff are employed across all Departments at the Darlington Economic Campus.
The Treasury’s aim is to reach 355 full-time staff by March 2025, and we are on track to meet that target.
The official name of the campus will be decided closer to the 2025-26 delivery date and  will be consulted on by the Government Property Agency, but we have heard very clearly his suggestion of William McMullen House, and we will consider that in due course.
The Chancellor knows jolly well that in April 2023
Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation for those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
The Chancellor also gave evidence in July to Sir Brian and said that work was under way.
In December, this House voted for a compensation body to be set up.
I would like the Chancellor to answer my question, please, not a junior Minister,  and explain exactly what is going on in the Treasury, what work is being undertaken and whether there will be an announcement in the Budget.
With great respect to the right hon.
Lady, who has campaigned formidably on this issue, I do not think she is giving a fair representation of what the Government have done.
I stand by every word I said as a Back Bencher, and as Chancellor I have tried to do everything I can to speed the process up.
She has not mentioned that the Government have already given £100,000 to the families affected.
We have accepted the moral importance of the duty to give compensation, and we will now work with colleagues in the other place to make her amendment workable.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, we saw the lid lifted off the secret empire of Tory Tees Valley Mayor Lord Houchen, and the 28 recommendations for improvement in the way he does business covered everything from poor decision-making and a failure to provide his board with proper information, to a lack of transparency and value for taxpayers’ money.
Yesterday, we learned that he had squandered several million pounds of that money in losing a needless legal action against PD Ports about access rights.
In the past, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has refused to call in the National Audit Office to examine how the Mayor did business, opting instead for his own independent inquiry.
Given this latest revelation, can you advise me, Mr Speaker, on how we can get the Levelling Up Secretary to make a statement from the Dispatch Box about the latest scandal, so that we can persuade him of the need to get the NAO in there to look at that colossal waste of public money and report his findings to Parliament?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order.
I can assure him that I have had no indication that Ministers intend to come to the House to make a statement on that matter, but I am sure that the Table Office will be able to help and advise him on how to pursue it, so I know that he will not give up yet.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Sally-Ann Hart presented a Bill to make provision for and in connection with the making available of information about support available for infants, parents and carers of infants, and prospective parents and carers, including reporting requirements relating to such support.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 15 March , and to be printed (Bill 160).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Emily Thornberry presented a Bill to amend the Ministerial and other Pensions and Salaries Act 1991 in relation to grants to persons ceasing to hold ministerial and other offices; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Tuesday 27 February , and to be printed (Bill 162).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to publish proposals for a social tariff for energy.
During the autumn statement of 2022, the Government committed to developing a new approach to consumer protection in energy markets in order to consider the best options, including social tariffs.
That commitment has been repeated multiple times since, including by the Prime Minister.
In April 2023, the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero reiterated that pledge by promising to consult on a social energy tariff in the summer of 2023.
However, despite multiple commitments, and to the frustration of many, a consultation never materialised, and as we are now in February 2024, there is a significant risk that no new protections will be in place this year.
All the while, low-income and disabled households have struggled to heat their homes over the festive period and the cold snap in January—and winter is not over yet.
I am introducing this Bill in an attempt to fight for protections for the most vulnerable in society.
By their continued inaction on this matter, the Government continue to disregard the real and immediate concerns of many people.
The great need for a social energy tariff is best demonstrated by the wide and varied support for its implementation.
Disability groups, debt advice groups, politicians from across the political spectrum, consumer groups, local authorities, housing providers, Ofgem and even energy companies are in favour of one.
Such is the united front on this vital issue that it is even more surprising that the UK Government have failed even to hold the consultation that they promised.
They have continued to bury their head in the sand, despite the fact that National Energy Action, Energy Action Scotland, Age UK, Scope, Citizens Advice, MoneySavingExpert and 150 other organisations, as well as MPs, wrote to the Prime Minister in September calling for the promised consultation on a social energy tariff.
Now we are into 2024, and the situation is catastrophic for low-income households.
I thank the many organisations that have provided briefings on this topic both for my debate in November last and once again today.
You may ask what a social energy tariff is, Mr Speaker.
Admittedly, many different organisations and groups have slight variations in their approach to such a tariff, but in its most basic form, which is universally agreed upon, it is a system of targeted support through a reduction in energy bills for vulnerable, low-income and disabled households, in response to incredibly high energy bills.
As one in three households will spend more on energy bills this winter than they did last winter—a figure that is closer to half for the poorest households—the need for a social energy tariff cannot be stressed enough.
Citizens Advice research shows that energy bills are 61% higher than in 2021, while other research suggests that high energy bills will become the new normal for the rest of the decade.
That highlights the desperate need for more meaningful long-term support.
When I held a debate on this topic in November, I was heartened by the cross-party support and atmosphere in Westminster Hall as Members from across the political spectrum presented a united front on this matter, each raising the need for longer-term, targeted support for the most vulnerable households.
I was then immediately disheartened by the lack of a meaningful response from the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero,  the hon.
Member for Derby North (Amanda Solloway) , and now—over two months on from that debate, and 14 months on from the Government’s initial call for a consultation—we are no further along.
Government Members highlight that energy bills have fallen from last year, but that does not paint a picture of the reality for many.
Even though we are told that the energy market has stabilised, bills remain sky high, and winter 2023-24 is projected to be much worse due to the huge levels of energy debt accrued last year.
Ofgem and Citizens Advice research shows that energy debt is at the highest level ever, and Ofgem’s chief executive officer, Jonathan Brearley, has said that “we think there is a case for examining, with urgency, the feasibility of a social tariff”.
In the absence of an energy bill support scheme this winter, many people have had to once again choose between heating and eating.
Some conditions require the constant charging of essential lifesaving equipment, such as oxygen concentrators or feeding pumps.
It is dreadful that, in the UK in 2024, some households have been forced to self-disconnect, but that is simply not possible for many disabled households, as they would not survive.
A coalition of charities—Age UK, Scope, Fair By Design, Mencap, the Motor Neurone Disease Association and Sense—warns that the cost of living crisis is still adding huge pressures to household finances, with millions facing the dilemma of how they are going to pay their energy bills.
Around one in eight households in the UK—that is 12% of households, or 3.4 million—are experiencing fuel poverty this winter.
Marie Curie shared with me the thoughts of Rhian, who is terminally ill: “People with terminal illnesses feel the cold so much more than the healthy and need to heat their homes.
People with terminal illnesses still have mortgage or rent and bills to pay.
There are no specific benefits offered to help terminally ill people so they have to carry on working with debilitating symptoms.
I live with incurable terminal cancer.
My monthly heating bill is currently more expensive than my mortgage.”
A social energy tariff is the best way forward.
That tariff must be in addition to the warm home discount and the default tariff price cap; it must be targeted at   the neediest and go beyond the benefits system, as National Energy Action has estimated that approximately two thirds of fuel-poor households do not receive any social security payments.
All eligible consumers should be auto-enrolled using suppliers’ existing data and/or data shared by the Department for Work and Pensions, and the tariff must reduce costs for consumers to pre-crisis levels.
We all know that a social tariff will cost money, so it is essential that those costs are met in a progressive manner.
If not, the tariff risks creating a significant cliff edge, with those who narrowly miss out being much worse off.
National Energy Action, Citizens Advice and Centrica all say that an energy social tariff should be funded by general taxation to ensure the greatest level of fairness.
If that cannot be done, low-income households on the fringes of support must be exempted from paying towards the social tariff.
The Government have said that the new round of oil and gas licensing would raise money to reduce bills.
A social tariff would have numerous economic benefits; it would also offset costs, as illnesses brought on by having a cold and damp home cost the NHS between £500 million and £1.4 billion a year.
Further, increased spending power could boost local economies, with more money spent on our high streets.
Millions of the most vulnerable households and organisations spanning all of civil society are shouting from the rafters for the implementation of a social energy tariff, and the Government cannot and must not continue to bury their heads in the sand.
A society should be measured by how it treats its most vulnerable, and this Government, through inaction, are continuing to fail the most vulnerable households right across the country.
There were 4,950 excess winter deaths last year in the UK that were down to people living in cold and damp houses, and that is why we need this Bill.
Millions of people cannot wait any longer, and that is why I am asking for support for this motion.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Marion Fellows, Peter Aldous, John McDonnell, Cat Smith, Owen Thompson, Kirsten Oswald, Alison Thewliss, Patricia Gibson, Dave Doogan, David Linden, Alyn Smith and Drew Hendry present the Bill.
Marion Fellows accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 15 March , and to be printed (Bill 161).
Before we begin the debate on banning knives and swords from UK streets, I remind hon.
Members that, under the terms of the House resolution on sub judice matters, they should not refer to any individual cases that are currently before the courts.