Many of my constituents whose lives have been destroyed by the loan charge scandal feel the central injustice is that the Government are focused on pursuing the victims rather than the companies responsible.
They were dismayed to read recent allegations that individuals linked to such companies have donated hundreds of thousands of pounds to the Conservative party.
Will the Chancellor confirm why exactly the Government are ignoring the providers and operators of the schemes?
How many have been prosecuted specifically for their involvement in disguised remuneration, and not for other misdemeanours?
Eighty-five per cent of the funds recovered from the loan charge so far—about £3.9 billion in total—have come from the employers, therefore those who were running those schemes, so the hon.
Lady is mischaracterising where we have gone so far.
There has been one criminal conviction so far; others are in place.
I repeat what I said to the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray) , earlier: if they were that concerned about ensuring we go after the wrongdoers, they would have voted with us last night in the Finance Bill.[Official Report,  22 February 2024 , Vol. 745, c. 12MC.]
(Correction)
At the meeting this evening, will the Financial Secretary review the injustice that prevents loan charge victims who have engaged with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, but who cannot agree with their assessment, having any access to a tribunal?
I know my right hon.
Friend has been campaigning on the issue.
I respect and appreciate the information he has provided, and his contributions to the debate.
I assure him that I am in listening mode and looking forward to the meeting this evening, because I want to ensure that I hold HMRC to account to make sure everyone involved is treated fairly and respectfully.
Last week, the International Monetary Fund joined many others in urging the Chancellor to prioritise public spending and investment above tax cuts.
Rather than seeking to appease his Back Benchers with tax cuts in the next Budget, will he finally deliver the level of public investment this country is crying out for,  including in a nationwide energy efficiency programme that would shield households from volatile gas prices, get their fuel bills down for the long term and create jobs?
Or is he yet another one who is running scared of green investment?
I am sure the hon.
Lady understands that I cannot talk about what will be in the Budget ahead of the Budget because no decisions have been made.
I celebrate with her that the UK recently became the first major economy in the world to decarbonise by more than 50%, ahead of France, Germany, Japan and the United States.