With winter still upon us and fuel bills still rising, Ofgem is advising that the level of domestic energy debt is approaching £3 billion.
When people cannot meet their current bills, how can they possibly be expected to meet that level of arrears?
Is it not time to fund a debt write-off scheme, as proposed by National Energy Action and other fuel poverty campaigners, before hypothermia and misery worsen?
The Government continue to work with Ofgem.
In fact, I met the chief executive officer very recently.
Ofgem continues to monitor the levels of energy debt to ensure that consumers are protected.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that, last year, the Chancellor announced measures to ensure that households with prepayment meters paid no more than those with standard meters, and that is on the back of the energy price guarantee, which effectively paid 50% of people’s household energy bills.
The Chancellor will be aware of a proposal from the World War Muslim Memorial Trust to establish a memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum, honouring an estimated 750,000 Muslims who have fought for the British armed forces, with tens of thousands of them paying the ultimate sacrifice.
Previous Budgets have supported memorials that honour those who have given us the freedoms that we enjoy.
May I ask the Chancellor to personally consider this proposal and help make it a reality?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we must remember and honour the sacrifices made by those of all nationalities and religions who fought for our freedom, including, I believe, nearly  150,000 Muslims who died in the second world war.
My officials would be happy to engage with him to identify how best the Government can help make this vision a reality.
Business owners and high street businesses in Oswestry told me that their biggest challenge is business rates.
In his upcoming Budget, will the Chancellor consider a radical reform of business rates that puts the high street on an even keel and on a level playing field with the online retailers?
Over the past few years, we have helped to support our high streets by freezing multipliers and, importantly, targeting further relief at the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
Frequent revaluations are now par for the course, because of the recent changes we have made.
Last July, following a debanking scandal, I wrote to the Economic Secretary to the Treasury about the risks of implementing so-called diversity, equity and inclusion policies.
Far from being inclusive, their implementation has often been divisive, yet Labour put such policies at the heart of its financing and growth strategy just last week.
Will my hon.
Friend assure us that he will give clear direction to the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority to avoid all the risks of so-called DEI policies?