As the Minister knows, the Northern Ireland Assembly sits for the first time today to make a change for Northern Ireland.
We   would very much like to be part of the financial services sector, so what can he and the Government do to support the Northern Ireland Assembly in relation to the financial services sector, and to ensure that we in Northern Ireland can be part of this great country of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Always better together.
I strongly echo the hon.
Gentleman’s sentiments.
I am very happy to engage with him and his colleagues from Northern Ireland to see what more I can do in the Treasury to work with him and, indeed, the Northern Ireland Executive, particularly to encourage our financial services institutions to invest more in Northern Ireland.
I am very happy to discuss ways in which we can do that.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help tackle regional economic inequalities.
This Government are committed to supporting all parts of the United Kingdom.
In October we announced the £1.1 billion long-term plan for towns, which gives 55 towns up to £20 million of endowment-style funding.
We are delivering an ambitious programme of investment zones and devolution deals, we ae continuing to support local growth through the UK shared prosperity fund and we are investing billions to improve local transport connections in our regions outside London.
By their own measures, the Government are failing on almost half of their levelling-up missions in the east of England.
Meanwhile, the Cambridge sub-region, which is a net contributor to the Exchequer, has vital transport projects on hold or awaiting finance.
When will the Treasury stop stalling growth and give power back to the regions, which know best what needs to be done in their area?
This Government are committed to levelling up by boosting growth, raising living standards and spreading opportunity throughout the country in several different ways.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about giving more power to local areas, and he will know that the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority is getting a £97 million devolution deal.
He will also know that Cambridge received some £14 million as part of the shared prosperity fund to spend on local projects.
I reject his assertion; the people of Cambridge are benefiting from this Government.
The way to reduce regional inequality is to ensure that growth happens everywhere across the country.
One way to do that is to support small and medium-sized enterprises and community enterprises, which are particularly located in under-served regions.
I commend the Government for the recovery loan scheme, which has been a lifeline to many small businesses and community enterprises.
Can the Minister tell us whether that scheme is likely to be renewed?
Hundreds of millions of pounds of private investment is waiting on the Government to make a decision.
My hon.
Friend has a long history as a great champion for community organisations.
I will write to him on his specific question.
What recent progress he has made on raising the level of the national living wage.
The Government are committed to ending low pay.
From  1 April 2024 , the national living wage will increase by 9.8%, to £11.44.
That represents an increase of more than £1,800 to the annual earnings of a full-time national living wage worker and it is expected to benefit about 2.7 million workers.
I congratulate the Government on increasing the national living wage, because that will make a huge difference.
However, after speaking to not only those in the public sector, at the likes of my local Leicestershire County Council and Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council, but small businesses in the private sector, I know that there is a trade-off, because they have to foot that wage bill.
What steps can the Government take to make sure that those businesses and the public sector have the money to pass on to those who are earning so well?