The Minister talks about GDP.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast that GDP in the UK will be 4% lower in the long term due to Brexit.
Meanwhile, independent Ireland in the EU is booming with a giant fiscal surplus.
Given that the Tories, Labour and the Lib Dems are all now champions of Brexit, is it not the case that the only way for Scotland to rejoin the EU is through becoming an independent country?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that the IMF has forecast us greater growth than France, Italy and Germany over the next few years.
If he is so enthusiastic about supporting growth, including helping  businesses across the United Kingdom, perhaps Scottish National party Members could have joined us in the voting Lobby last night instead of voting against, for example, full expensing and investment in research and development.
They voted against that—how on earth is that in the interests of their constituents?
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to help increase the level of business investment.
Mr Speaker, may I add my comments to yours yesterday about His Majesty the King?
I wish him and his family well, as well as saluting his courage in being so open about his condition.
At the autumn statement last year, I announced an ambitious growth package, which will boost business investment by about £20 billion a year.
We are making full expensing permanent, which the CBI welcomed as a game changer that will fire up the British economy.
I also welcome those measures.
Business rates are among the biggest issues for small businesses in Meon Valley, so I welcome the Chancellor’s £4.6 billion package of support in the autumn statement.
However, following covid, there are a number of empty offices where landlords are still having to pay business rates.
Does the Chancellor have any measures to support those who are struggling with a lack of income to pay business rates?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the pressures caused by business rates.
That was why in the autumn statement we introduced the 75% discount for retail, hospitality and leisure.
All I would say is that the reason we were able to introduce those large cuts in business rates was that we did not embark on a spending spree of £28 billion a year, which is Labour’s policy on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, but not apparently on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
I will try to be nice to the Chancellor, but he seems to be living in a parallel universe.
If he came to Huddersfield and talked to my businesses and manufacturers, he would find them at the lowest ebb that I can ever remember.
It is time that the stimulus was there to make people invest and create jobs.
Get on with it, Chancellor!
If that was being nice, I am relieved that I have not seen the other type of questions that the hon.
Member asks.
I agree that manufacturing is central to our economic fortunes, which is why it was good news that last year we overtook France to become the eighth-largest manufacturer in the world.
But we have gone even further: in the autumn statement, we announced a £4.5 billion manufacturing strategy to give further support to make our manufacturers the best in the world.
Yesterday, we had the pleasure of discussing the very many benefits from the autumn statement, including research and development grants and simplification of the tax code.
However,  I wonder whether the Chancellor might go a little further and see whether cutting VAT for the tourism and hospitality sector, perhaps by 10% over five years, would be advisable to help the economy across the United Kingdom.
My hon.
Friend is an assiduous supporter of the many pubs, restaurants and shops in Devon, and I commend him for that support.
We will, of course, keep all those measures under review ahead of the Budget.
Hair salons are a vital mainstay of our high streets, but many employers are worried about the sustainability of their businesses; a huge issue is their tax bills, with VAT a significant concern, making further business investment very difficult.
Cutting VAT to 10% would make an important difference to local businesses, high streets and apprentice training.
Will the Chancellor look at doing that to support all our local economies?
I will always look at anything that helps businesses to grow and expand.
I set up and ran my own business for 14 years.
Can I gently say to the hon.
Lady that it is slightly incongruous to argue for lower taxes when the SNP has given Scotland the highest taxes in the United Kingdom?
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of the loan charge on levels of bankruptcy.
I have heard the concerns expressed by hon.
Members on the impact of the loan charge, and I have pushed His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs for firm assurances on the safeguards that it has in place.
No one will be forced by HMRC to sell their main home or access their pension funds early to pay their loan charge debts, nor has HMRC petitioned for bankruptcy, which would be only a last resort and is in nobody’s interest.
There is substantial support in place to help people in debt, including agreeing time-to-pay arrangements with them.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that answer and his engagement with the loan charge and taxpayer fairness all-party parliamentary group, including a meeting this evening with its officers.
In an internal document that surfaced as part of the 2019 Morse review, HMRC admitted to around 100 bankruptcies from the loan charge.
Can the Minister tell the House why that figure has never been given publicly by HMRC, and what the figure is today?
Again, I thank my hon.
Friend for championing this area and his great concern for the human stories behind the difficult circumstances resulting from some of these schemes.
As I have said, I am constantly seeking reassurance from HMRC on this matter, and my understanding is that where bankruptcies have occurred, it has often been because of requirements outside of the loan charge, not from HMRC; indeed, some people have declared bankruptcy of their own volition.
However, if my hon.
Friend has evidence to the contrary, I would like to know about it.
The original Treasury impact statement for the loan charge stated that it would have no material impact on “family formation, stability or breakdown”, yet there have been countless divorces, family break-ups, mental health breakdowns and bankruptcies, and at least 10 suicides.
That impact statement was grossly wrong, but also surely negligent.
We now need a full investigation, including how and why Parliament was so misled over the dangerous and unfair loan charge.
I hear the House’s concern about this issue, on which we had a debate not so long ago.
Of course, the suicides the hon.
Gentleman mentions concern us, and independent reviews have taken place.
However, I want to provide the House and anybody listening with reassurance that the best thing to do if people have concerns is to engage with HMRC, because very generous and long-term plans can be put in place to help people to repay.
As I said, there are fears out there—there is a bit of scaremongering—that homes are being taken over or people are having to give up pensions.
That is not the case.
Engagement with HMRC to establish reasonable time to pay would therefore be reassuring for many of the people who fear much worse consequences.
My appeal is to engage with HMRC.
The Government’s approach to the loan charge has become a nightmare for ordinary people across the country who are the victims of mis-selling and facing financial ruin.
The torment and devastating reality is the clearest possible proof that the Government need to think again.
Those facing the loan charge ordeal cannot bear to hear yet again that the Morse review is the final word on this matter.
Will the Minister finally agree today to commission a new, truly independent review?
We had an independent review in 2019 under Lord Morse.
The Government accepted 19 of its 20 recommendations.
The review has taken place, but as I have said repeatedly, I am challenging HMRC and listening to colleagues.
If action needs to be taken, I will take it, but I do not believe that there is a case for another review, because we have already had one, and the Government have already taken action.
What steps he is taking to help support homeowners with mortgages.
As the House knows, the path to lower interest rates is through lower inflation, which is why the Government are fully committed to supporting the Bank of England to get inflation back down to its 2% target.
If mortgage borrowers fall into financial difficulty, our mortgage charter, which covers about 90% of the market, includes new flexibilities to help customers manage their repayments, on top of the Financial Conduct Authority’s rules on how lenders must treat borrowers.
Given that a lot of mortgage payers are suffering because of the rapid hike in interest rates, will the Government continue to talk to the Bank of  England and mortgage lenders to see what can be done to bring interest rates down?
That would help most people.
I completely agree on the absolute need to drive mortgage rates down, which is why we are supporting the Bank of England’s independent remit to bring interest rates down.
We are also ensuring that we do not do things to make inflation worse, such as adding £28 billion to Government borrowing, which would increase inflation.
The rate for a two-year fixed mortgage remains more than double the level of December 2021.
More than 900,000 borrowers are set to see their monthly payments rise by £500 or even £1,000 a month.
Government Ministers are having to resign because of increasing mortgage payments.
How does the Chancellor expect people in Scotland to cope with increased mortgage rates if his Ministers cannot?
I would say two things in response to the hon.
Lady.
First, the best thing we can do is to help people with the cost of living, not increase their taxes, as the SNP in Scotland proposes, and to maintain—[Interruption.]
I will not get bored of saying this.
Secondly, we maintain our support for the Bank of England driving inflation down.
We have more than halved it.
We will continue to do that, and interest rates will come right down.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of economic growth forecasts for 2024 and 2025.
We announced 110 growth measures in the autumn statement.
Taken together with the measures in the spring Budget, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility says that they will have the biggest impact on output that it has ever measured in a fiscal event, increasing GDP by 0.5% by 2028-29.
The UK economy is set for slower growth than previously thought.
The International Monetary Fund predicts that next year we will have the second worst growth in the G7.
In Scotland, the SNP has increased taxes, which we have heard about already, and Scots now face six bands.
Stagnation there is even worse, and businesses and households in my constituency need reassurance.
Will the Chancellor tell us what he will do to give confidence to people up and down the country that we will soon see economic growth?
May I gently correct the hon.
Lady on the IMF?
It said that over the next four years, UK growth will be higher than in Germany, France, Italy and Japan.
I agree about SNP tax rises, but I point out that the Liberal Democrats have some tax rises of their own.
They want to increase capital gains tax, which would be incredibly damaging for Scotland’s financial services industry, which employs thousands of people.
Has the Chancellor had the opportunity to look at the New Conservatives’ budget proposal, a budget for families?
It has a six-point plan, with two points to help unlock growth, particularly for the many small, family-run businesses in places such as Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke.
Those plans to increase the VAT registration threshold to £250,000 and to abolish the IR35 reforms would surely help us unlock the growth of our great nation.
I have been talking with my hon.
Friend about these issues recently.
In fact, we were discussing increasing the VAT threshold only last night—such are the interesting evenings I have in this job!
We will look seriously and carefully at any measures that help small businesses.
They are the lifeblood of the country.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of increases in the cost of living on living standards.
What steps his Department is taking to support households with the cost of living.
The Government stand by households, with one of Europe’s largest support packages, worth on average £3,700 per UK household, but we all know that the key to reducing cost of living pressures is to bring down inflation, which we have more than halved, delivering on the Prime Minister’s promise.
Families in Luton and Bedfordshire, and indeed the rest of the country, are worse off because of 14 years of economic chaos and incompetence under the Conservatives.
Does the Minister concede that, even if the Government’s inflation target is met, families will still be paying £300 a month more for their household bills than they were just 18 months ago?
Fourteen years of the Conservatives has halved unemployment and increased employment by 4 million.
Crucially, poverty is down: we have 1.7 million fewer people in poverty now than in 2010, including 400,000 children and 200,000 pensioners.
That is a legacy to be proud of.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation’s report on poverty in the UK in 2024 reiterates that, consistently, the demographic with the highest poverty rates is children.
Although 29% of the children in my constituency live in poverty, the Scottish Government are doing what they can with their limited powers via the Scottish child payment.
Will the Chancellor and his team use their powers to make a concerted and determined effort to tackle the scourge of poverty, which is so damaging to our children?
I reiterate: we have 400,000 fewer children in poverty now than in 2010.
In addition, the national insurance contributions cut that we have introduced has been shown to cut child poverty dramatically.
Crucially, the leading indicator of whether a child is in poverty is whether their parents are in work, and that is what we have delivered over this Parliament—[Interruption.]
Yes it is—it absolutely is.
Getting more people into work will help to solve child poverty.
The British public are still struggling with the Conservative cost of living crisis, and the Government are now forcing up council tax.
Last week, for the first time in my life, a Conservative MP spoke for me when he said: “There’s almost no point chopping £100 off tax bills nationally if you’re adding on to it with council tax.”
Labour Members agree with  the hon.
Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley) .
Does the Chief Secretary agree with her hon.
Friend and colleague?
Council tax is a matter for councils, but we put in place a limit, which I do not believe existed under the previous Labour Government.
More than that, the most difficult thing for councils and consumers more broadly is the £28 billion-worth of tax rises that Labour is planning in government.
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of removing the cap on bankers’ bonuses on the financial sector.
Removing the bankers’ bonus cap was a decision made by the independent Prudential Regulation Authority, which has long said that the cap was completely ineffective; it did not limit pay or make banks safer.
The cap on bankers’ bonuses might have been a great newspaper headline, but it did little to tackle the City’s excesses.
Financial institutions quickly changed remuneration packages and structures so that risk takers still receive substantial pay-offs, sometimes even taking them through offshore mechanisms.
Does the Chancellor agree that what we need is enhanced regulation to mitigate excessive risk taking in the square mile?
That could require, beyond merely capping bonuses, a move toward an alignment of interests focused on the form of bonus payments, share allocations and deferred amounts, and robust clawback mechanisms for those who have behaved maliciously, in order to deter misconduct in the square mile more effectively?
I suspect that when the hon.
Gentleman tabled his question, he was not expecting that the biggest supporter of abolishing the bankers’ bonus cap was not the Chancellor but the shadow Chancellor.
I hear what he says, and indeed those are some of the reasons we abolished it, because it was not working.
If Labour is going to change its mind on that policy, may I ask—just to take a totally random example—when will it change its mind about the planned £28 billion of additional borrowing?
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the potential merits of abolishing non-domiciled tax status.
The Government want the UK to have a fair but internationally competitive tax system, designed to bring in talented individuals and investment that contributes to the growth of the economy.
Non-doms  play an important role in funding our public services through their tax contributions.
They pay tax on their UK source income and gains in the same way as everyone else.