The Labour party has set out clear proposals to close tax loopholes on non-doms, private schools and private equity to give a much-needed boost to our public services.
Will the Treasury Minister confirm whether the Government have assessed, or plan to assess, the merits of such a policy?
I am pleased to hear the hon.
Gentleman’s enthusiasm for closing down tax loopholes and going after the abusers.
It begs the question why Labour did not vote in favour of the Finance Bill last night, which included measures along those lines.
That is a short answer, but the answer to the wrong question—perhaps the Minister can have a second go.
While he is thinking about the answer, I point out that the Comptroller and Auditor General has highlighted that the Government are wasting up to £28 billion a year on mismanaged procurement and governance of major projects.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative Chancellor and his predecessors have had to raise taxes so much partly because they are wasting so many billions of taxpayers’ money each and every year?
The reason we have had to raise taxes is £350 billion of support during the pandemic, which I did not hear the Opposition oppose, and an additional £100 billion to help people during the cost of living crisis, which I did not hear the Opposition oppose.
We therefore had to increase taxes out of necessity, but we reduce them out of choice, which is exactly what we are doing.
Labour increases taxes out of necessity and then continues to increase them out of choice.
If he will make an assessment of the impact of his Department’s tax policies on economic growth in Scotland during this Parliament.
The Government remain committed to increasing economic growth in Scotland and right across the UK.
As part of 110 growth measures in the autumn statement 2023, the Government introduced tax policies that are projected to stimulate economic growth in Scotland and across the country.
That includes making full expensing permanent and the largest ever cut to employee and self-employed national insurance contributions, which means more people working.
The EY Independent Treasury Economic Model Club forecast published yesterday found that the UK’s growth forecast of 0.8% this year is only slightly outperformed by the even more disappointing 0.7% growth in Scotland.
Given this Parliament has hiked taxes 25 times, and the Scottish National party now think that those on modest incomes in Scotland should pay even more tax, does the Minister agree that the people of Scotland are simply paying the price for two Governments with no economic credibility?
No, I do not agree.
The hon.
Member should be aware that the OECD suggests that in the coming years we will be growing faster than France, Italy and Germany.
Of course, the Government have a strong track record against our OECD friends over the last 14 years, and Scotland benefits from this economic growth.
As in Scotland, business rates are devolved in Wales.
With business rates relief set to fall from 75% to 40%, businesses in Wales will pay almost twice as much as in England.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Welsh Labour Government should be supporting local businesses such as the Kinmel Arms in Moelfre and not increasing the number of Senedd Members by a staggering 60%?
My hon.
Friend puts it well.
Of course, we have seen the considerable protections and support given in retail, hospitality and leisure business rates relief in England.
That has not been extended to the same extent in Wales, and Scotland failed to extend it as well.
She makes an important point.
We go back to Scotland: I call the SNP spokesperson.
Contrary to what the Minister said, OECD forecasts show that the UK will have the lowest growth in the G20 and the highest inflation in the G7.
Ministers like to pretend that there is no real cost of living crisis, but there is one, and it is biting hard.
How long will Ministers—and their Labour counterparts—continue to peddle the fantasy that Brexit is somehow good for the Scottish people?
I am afraid that the thing that would most impoverish the people of Scotland is separation from the UK.
After 16 years of SNP rule—longer than the Conservatives’ in England—GDP per head in Scotland is lower, productivity is falling, employment is lower and inactivity is higher.
That is not exactly a proud record.