12.47 pm I beg to move, That this House condemns the Government for overseeing a 77 per cent increase in knife crime since 2015; recognises the devastating impact that knife crime has on victims, their families and the wider community; acknowledges that the Government recently announced measures to ban zombie knives and machetes; believes, nonetheless, that this legislation does not go nearly far enough, meaning that a number of dangerous types of knives and swords will remain legal and available on UK streets; therefore calls on the Government to address the shortcomings of the ban by extending it to cover ninja swords and consulting on a further extension; and further calls for the Government to establish an end-to-end review of online knife sales and introduce criminal liability for senior management of websites which indirectly sell illegal knives online.
Ronan Kanda was 16.
He went to get a PlayStation controller from his friend, and was yards away from home when he was murdered.
He was murdered by two teenagers, who used a ninja sword.
They had obtained that sword by buying it online, using someone else’s ID to collect it.
They stabbed him in a case of mistaken identity.
This is a heartbreaking, tragic story of a young life lost, with a family trapped in the most extraordinary grief, and we are here today because it is time that Parliament acts to tackle knife crime head-on.
Seventy seven per cent.
That is how much knife crime has risen since 2015, according to the latest figures released by the Office for National Statistics and the Home Office in recent weeks.
That equates to a staggering 48,716 violent and sexual offences committed involving a knife or sharp instrument in the past year.
There is a huge human cost to this, with 261 lives lost in the year up to March 2022—the last complete data available to us—and roughly four in 10 murders involving a knife or sharp instrument.
For those carrying a knife, almost half of cases led to no further action, with current rules allowing those carrying knives to escape further sanction by writing an apology letter.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving way because he is describing a situation that is virtually identical to the one we faced in Scotland 15-plus years ago.
The initiative taken by the then Strathclyde police force and the Scottish Government since has been a very different approach to tackling it—that of treating it as a public health and social problem, with a violence reduction unit.
There is nothing in the hon.
Gentleman’s motion that I would disagree with, but it is like playing whack-a-mole with the different sorts of knives available.
Does not he agree that this issue requires a much more fundamental and radical approach?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his intervention, and that will be part of my case, so I am sure I will be able to meet that test.
It feels like most days we wake up to another tragic story of death and families torn apart.
The most basic search online tells us it is all over the country—Bristol, Feltham, Warrington, Haverhill.
My own community of Nottingham was rocked last summer when my constituent Ian Coates and University of Nottingham students Barnaby Webber and Grace O’Malley-Kumar were killed with a knife, and I stand with their families in their attempts establish the facts and failings in this dreadful case.
Things are getting worse, not better, and that means more young lives lost, more children drawn into crime and more exploited by criminals.
We know this has a huge impact on our society: hundreds of families crippled by grief for murdered loved ones; life chances of young people squandered; potential left unfulfilled; and the criminals getting away with it and going on to cause further misery.
Knife crime destroys lives, devastates families and creates fear in our communities.
That is why this debate matters.
We must invest in our young people so that they are supported to make the right decisions in life, and we must come down hard on those involved in knife crime—real support, real consequences.
Under the Conservative Government and a Conservative police and crime commissioner, Cleveland has the highest crime rate in the UK, and only this weekend we saw another serious stabbing a mile down the road from me in Norton village.
We hear the Government try to talk the talk but the bottom line has to be that they are not taking the necessary actions.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree.
I share my hon.
Friend’s view.
He talks of a case in his community, and we are waking up seemingly so many days in every week with another case in another area in villages, towns and cities.
The public are rightly looking for action from us, and that is what I will be setting out in my explanation of this motion.
I am glad the shadow Minister talked about “us”.
I understand that this is an Opposition day debate and the Government will be criticised, but is it not the case that what the public—on the left and the right and the apolitical—are looking for is cross-party consensus where it can be found in this place to deal with what is a very important issue, and that party politics should be set aside for greater cross-party working?
Does he also agree that stop and search has a part to play?
On machetes and zombie knives, banning them is not the only solution, although it is a good place to start, but the most radical step is to work together.
We have been clear throughout that when the Government bring forward proposals designed to take this issue on we will give them our support.
That is true of the forthcoming legislation on zombie knives, although we have concerns about the scope, but there has to be action, and where there is not action it is our role to point that out.
I think the right hon.
Gentleman will find that in the tone and spirit of my contribution:   we serve no one if we do not do that, but of course we will build consensus wherever we can, and I hope the whole House can get behind our motion today.
It would be a key mission of a future Labour Government to make the streets safe and halve knife crime within 10 years.
Recently, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper)  and the Leader of the Opposition unveiled our plans to deliver this with a crackdown on knife crime today and a radical youth prevention programme, and this motion starts to build that out.
We are clear: no more loopholes, no more caveats, no more false promises—we need a total crackdown on the availability of serious weapons on Britain’s streets.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his comments on this often heartbreaking topic.
My constituent Julie’s daughter Poppy Devey Waterhouse was killed in her home with a knife already in her kitchen.
Currently, offenders convicted of murder who use a weapon already available at the crime scene have a starting sentence 10 years lower than those who brought a weapon with them.
Domestic violence murderers can bank on leniency.
Does the hon.
Member agree that women killed by knives already in the home need to see equal justice?
The hon.
Member raises an important point that needs parliamentary scrutiny.
We have an anxiety, as hon.
Friends have mentioned many times, that crimes happening in domestic spaces are in some way deemed less significant and that can be reflected in sentencing.
This bears our parliamentary scrutiny.
To turn to the motion, we want to see restrictions on the sale of the most serious weapons, those with no functional purpose.
Since 2015 the Government have released 16 different press releases about zombie knives but action has been slow to follow.
We are pleased that two weeks ago we saw the statutory instrument aimed at taking some of the knives and machetes off the streets, and, as I have said, we will support the Government in that venture, but I hope to hear from the Minister an explanation of why that is a ban not for now or a few weeks’ time, but for September, eight months away.
This is an immediate problem that needs more urgency; where is that urgency and leadership?
He can be assured of our support, so let’s get on with it.
We also believe, as set out in the motion, that we should go further.
We would broaden the ban to include a wider range of weapons and to toughen existing rules on serration and length.
That would mean finally banning blades such as ninja swords, the weapon that killed Ronan Kanda.
His incredible family are campaigning for this, ably supported by their Member for Parliament, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden) , and they are right: any ban on offensive weapons that would not have taken off the street the blade that killed their son is insufficient.
There is also an unintended consequence of leaving out ninja swords.
Those who sell these weapons are indifferent to their customers and their customers’ intentions.
If colleagues think I am overstating my case, they should just put into a search engine “zombie knives” or “ninja swords” and look at how they are marketed.
If knives and machetes are prohibited, these firms will  just move on to pushing ninja swords at customers.
This is a hole in the Government’s plan and it must be plugged.
We can go further still here.
Many banned knives continue to be sold where young people can buy them and have them delivered to their home within a few days.
We would introduce, and believe the Government should introduce, criminal sanctions on the tech executives who allow knife sales on their online marketplaces—not just Ofcom sanctions as the Government have opted for, but proper criminal sanctions to send a very serious message to these leaders that if their platforms are being used, and they are not actively making sure they are not being used, for the sale of dangerous weapons, there are going to be very serious consequences, not ones that can be priced in as the cost of doing business.
To add to that, we must ensure we have the right tools in law to deal with the digital age.
To drive this work forward, our motion calls for a rapid review of online knife sales from the point of purchase through to delivery, in particular looking at strengthening ID and age checks conducted by Royal Mail and Border Force for UK-bound parcels.
Currently, all too often serious weapons can be purchased online with loose ID and age checks, with little oversight, and with no background checks.
Every time oversight is loosened and checks are not carried out properly, these weapons potentially fall into the wrong hands and are used to kill.
We must ensure we have the most robust system possible to prevent this.
To those who carry these weapons, we need to send the unmistakable message that the law will come down hard on them—not apology letters, not weak warnings, but proper and serious interventions.
My hon.
Friend is making a great speech.
Will he support two parents in my constituency, Leanne and Mandy, whose children were killed by knife crime?
They are calling for much stronger sentences and greater deterrence for knife crime; does he agree with me and their families?
I am going to set out a few of them shortly, but I would be very interested in meeting Leanne and Mandy, if my hon.
Friend could help facilitate that, to hear what more they might want to see.
Our commitment is for every offender to be referred to a youth offending team and have a mandatory bespoke action plan to prevent reoffending.
As part of that we need tougher new guidance so that serious penalties are always considered where appropriate, such as curfews, tagging and behavioural contracts.
Too many of these are being overlooked and insufficient sanctions such as a letter of apology being used in their stead.
That is wrong; we need stronger guidance from the centre on this.
But speaking to the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , all of this on its own will not resolve and remove the issue of knife crime in our communities.
We must invest in young people, because prevention is better than cure.
We need a total approach—not an either/or, but both.
That is particularly germane to this debate, because we know that those who seek to profit from the sale of dangerous weapons shapeshift and adapt around legislation—that is one of the challenges.
So we must tackle demand and tackle issues that mean that young people think they need to carry harmful weapons.
Building on the success of Sure Start—the last truly transformative prevention programme for young children—we would create the Young Futures programme to help prevent violent crime.
It would be a targeted programme in every area to identify the young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime and of buying these products that we are seeking to restrict.
We would build around them a package of support that responds to the challenges they face.
As well as providing support to young people—I welcome the £100 million of existing funding to divert and support young people through preventive work—does my hon.
Friend agree that it is crucial to provide positive role models through mentoring to every young person in the country?
I have worked on that with the charity UpRising, which I have chaired for many years.
Does he also agree that we should look at institutions such as the Royal London Hospital and its trauma unit, which has worked on the frontline dealing with the results of knife crime, whether in hospitals or out with paramedics?
We can draw on a great deal of knowledge to tackle this epidemic.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that intervention, because she has done incredible work that is admired by me and the shadow Home Secretary.
A lot of what I am about to talk about is based on that experience, because that work has been very good.
The Young Futures programme will bring together services locally to better co-ordinate the delivery of preventive, evidence-based interventions around a young person that help to tackle mental health issues, substance abuse issues, and issues that people might get into with their friends and family.
We will then bring that together in a national network that shares evidence, delivers support for teenagers at risk of being drawn into crime across boundaries and, where appropriate, could deliver universal youth provision.
Then, crucially—this speaks to the point just made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Bow (Rushanara Ali) —we would build out from that, with youth workers in accident and emergency units and in custody centres, and with mentors in pupil referral units, to target young people who are starting to be drawn to violence.
Those are change moments, particularly in healthcare and custody settings.
We know it might be the moment when an individual who is sliding into serious violence, whether as a perpetrator or a victim, may need that intervention.
It might be the moment where we can get that change in behaviour that will in many cases save their lives.
That is why it is so crucial that we have this degree of investment into young people, because otherwise such measures will not work.
The hon.
Member makes good point.
As  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  pointed out, a lot of this work has been going on in Scotland.
Has the hon.
Member met Medics Against Violence, whose “Navigator” project does exactly what he is talking  about within a hospital setting?
It intervenes through people with lived experience to try to get young people into that frame of mind where they might want to exit that lifestyle and that violence they have got themselves into.
There is clearly much that we can learn from the Scottish approach.
I have not had the opportunity to meet Medics Against Violence, but on the hon.
Member’s recommendation I will seek to do that.
We strongly support the idea of support and mentors in A&E and custody settings.
The evidence shows that would be highly effective.
We need to end the exploitation of children and young people by criminal gangs, and that includes county lines.
We need a new criminal offence of child exploitation and a new serious organised crime strategy to go after those cowards who make millions off the back of exploiting young people.
To bring the change to deliver that, we need a new, proper cross-Government coalition to end knife crime, bringing together those who have key roles in tackling it and in keeping young people safe, whether they are Ministers, community leaders, faith leaders, the families of victims, sporting bodies, tech companies or young people themselves.
Everybody should be brought into this fight.
That is the sort of Government that we would seek to lead, if given the opportunity.
The hon.
Member is making a passionate speech about bringing various people from across Government and communities together to tackle knife crime.
When the shadow Home Secretary and the Leader of the Opposition held a summit in east London last year on knife crime, the Mayor of London, who is the police and crime commissioner, was nowhere to be seen.
Can the hon.
Member ask the shadow Home Secretary why?
I have to say I am a little saddened by that intervention.
This is a deeply serious issue about which the public expect to hear answers.
I do not think the public would consider the policing of the diary of the Mayor, the hon.
Gentleman or anybody else to be part of a substantive solution.
I wrote my note for his intervention ahead of time, because I know that 86 days before a mayoral election, the Tories are much more interested in trying to fight that election than tackling the problem.
If he really believes that is the approach—I do not, but it is for him to use his time as he chooses—let us put that to the people of London.
On the point about working together, perhaps outside this House, rather than inside it, may I say I completely agree with the hon.
Gentleman—yes, I agree with His Majesty’s Opposition—on working together more cohesively with local authorities, public bodies, health services and, in particular, around pupil referral units and exclusions?
There are so many disparities throughout the country, and it makes sense to bring everybody together to look at best practice.
That is a hugely important intervention from the right hon.
Gentleman.
I have real anxieties about pupil referral units, exclusions and internal exclusions.
It was a problem prior to the pandemic, but what we are seeing with school absence only compounds that.
There is a risk of there being a generation of young people  who are vulnerable to these types of behaviour, unless we take the field and fight for their hearts and minds.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are in the same position on that.
I will draw my remarks to a close, because lots of colleagues have lots to say.
The motion before us in the name of the Leader of the Opposition is tightly drafted and calls for three of the most pressing changes that we believe are needed to kick-start this process: the ban on ninja swords, with a consultation on further extensions to the proposed ban on zombie knives; an end-to-end review of online knife sales; and criminal liability for senior executives of those websites who do not adequately prevent them from selling knives.
We believe those are reasonable changes that the whole House can get behind, and I hope the Government will take them seriously.
They should support this motion today.
The Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire and I have been working on the Criminal Justice Bill Committee for many weeks, and we will be tabling changes to enact those measures, and the Government should accept them.
If they take up our ideas before the Bill’s next stages, we will support them, but we will not ignore the large-scale damage that knife crime is doing across the country.
The public are rightly looking to us for leadership and action, and we stand ready to give them that.
I am grateful to the Opposition for giving me the opportunity to respond on behalf of the Government and to speak about our record on fighting crime, including our work to get weapons off the streets and stop them falling into the wrong hands, which is having a real impact.
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  said, we should remember what this debate is all about.
He is absolutely right that it is not about party politics, point scoring, cheap jibes or sound bites, because the truth is that serious violence and knife crime leave the same trail of misery and devastation in their wake, regardless of the constituency we represent.
The tragic reality is that many of us—in fact, far too many—on both sides of this House will have had the humbling experience of sitting with the loved ones of victims of crime whose lives have been cut short in the most tragic ways.
There is little one can say in those circumstances that will ease the pain of losing a son, daughter, brother or sister.
It is incumbent upon us all—by “us”, I mean the Government and the police, but also each and every one of us here who contributes to public life—to strain every sinew to stop others suffering as they have.
I have also been in the situation in the past month of having to write to the mother of a 21-year-old young man who was stabbed to death at Strawberry Hill station in my constituency last month.
Understandably, parents, teenagers and other young people are raising concerns with me about how we can tackle this huge increase.
In London alone, as the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire will know, we have seen an increase of almost a fifth in knife crime since 2022.
If we are to ban all these weapons, we need good intelligence-led community policing, but in London since 2015 we have seen our police community support  officers cut by a third.
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents that we will see an uplift in police officers, including in places such as Richmond upon Thames, which are often deprioritised because they are seen as safe areas?
No area is immune from knife crime.
I agree with the hon.
Lady’s last point.
Given the representatives in the Chamber, I think a lot will be said in the debate, and
rightly so, in relation to crime and knife crime in London, including by her.
It is right to say that every time somebody picks up a knife or another dangerous weapon, there is the potential for bloodshed, and every time somebody arms themselves, whether for protection or with violent intent, they risk ruining not only others’ lives but their own life.
That has been brought home time and again in the most devastating fashion in recent days, weeks and months.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends mourning such devastating losses.
It is any parent’s worst nightmare.
That the victims are so often young people with their whole lives ahead of them makes it all the more unbearable.
In our shock and our grief, we must remain steadfast in our conviction that we can get knives and other dangerous weapons off our streets and that we can prevent young people from getting drawn into violent crime in the first place.
In the spirit of the intervention that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  made on the shadow Minister, I would like to reflect on a debate before the recess led by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton) .
During that debate, in which there was cross-party support, my right hon.
Friend mentioned the Knife Angel in Aldridge-Brownhills, in the borough of Walsall.
She also mentioned a campaign by the Brindley family, and the Brindley Foundation that was set up to bring about positive social action as a result of a tragedy.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Old Bexley and Sidcup (Mr French)  made powerful interventions during that debate.
It is right to look at the numbers and the latest data.
The latest data on hospital admissions of under-25s following an assault with a sharp object show a 25% reduction since December 2019.
That is a good indicator—the most reliable indicator for serious youth violence.
My right hon.
Friend the Policing Minister will in due course mention the crime survey, which shows that violent crime has reduced by 51% since 2010.
It is also right to say that nationally homicide has fallen, but it is obvious that data on a chart provides no comfort for victims’ families, and that any incident of serious violence or knife crime is one too many.
That is why the Government are continually looking at what more we can do to protect our citizens—especially children and young people—and drive those numbers down further.
The police are on the frontline in this effort.
Forces up and down the country are aware that this is an issue of significant public concern, and they are firmly committed to tackling it.
It is right that I, as a Dorset Member of Parliament, mention our police and crime commissioner David Sidwick, and I pay tribute to him, the work he is doing and the crime plan that he has put together for Dorset.
Thanks to our recruitment drive, which has delivered the promised 20,000 extra officers, we have significantly bolstered the police across England and Wales.
With  every additional officer, the ability of forces to crack down on weapons carrying and violence is strengthened.
That includes through the natural deterrence that flows from an increased police presence.
There is the added benefit of reassurance to all our communities, who are clear that they want to see more officers on the beat.
Of course, it is about not just how many police officers there are, but what forces do with the resources and powers given to them.
The Government have consistently and publicly backed the police to take the toughest possible stance when it comes to addressing serious violence, knife crime and weapons carrying.
That includes supporting the use of stop and search, which is a crucial tool.
Since 2019, the police have removed 120,000 knives and dangerous weapons through stop and search surrender programmes and other targeted action.
On that specific subject, every knife seized through stop and search is a potential life saved.
In the year 2022-23, stop and search resulted in about 74,000 arrests and removed over 15,000 weapons and firearms from our streets.
The significance of stop and search should not be downplayed, because every knife or weapon seized is a potential life saved.
On criminal sanctions, the motion tabled by the Opposition—they will have to forgive me—is too generic, too sweeping and perhaps too adversarial.
On criminal liability for the senior management of websites that indirectly sell illegal knives online, however, what is the Government’s current thinking—unless, perhaps, the Minister does not want to tell me—vis-à-vis the Criminal Justice Bill, on which I know he is working closely with the shadow Minister?
The Criminal Justice Bill is passing through Parliament, having had its Committee stage.
I do not want to steal the thunder of the Policing Minister, who will wind up the debate on behalf of the Government, but I encourage my right hon.
Friend to be here for that.
In the round, we have some of the toughest knife crime laws in the world.
For example, it is illegal to carry any fixed-bladed knife in public without a good reason, with such an offence carrying a maximum sentence of four years in prison.
The Offensive Weapons Act 2019 strengthened the law on the sale and delivery of knives to under-18s.