Last week, at Prime Minister’s questions, when asked about the Tory mortgage penalty, the Prime Minister boasted that someone coming off a fixed-rate mortgage “will be able to save hundreds of pounds.
”—[Official
Report,  31 January 2024 ; Vol. 744, c. 857.]
But the small print was that they had to add many years to their mortgage.
Three million people have been coming off fixed-rate mortgage deals this year and last, so does the Chancellor agree with the Prime Minister that British homeowners have never had it so good?
The way we are helping families with mortgages is not just through the mortgage charter, which is a lifeline to many families, but by bringing down inflation.
We have been having a few pops about Labour’s confusion about its £28 billion policy, but the real reason we are against it is that going on a borrowing splurge pushes up inflation, pushes up interest rates and makes mortgages more expensive.
It is under a Conservative Government that interest rates, inflation and mortgage costs have gone up.
The Government need to take responsibility because, after 14 years, this out-of-touch Government are making it harder for ordinary people to get on.
If the Chancellor decides to campaign in next week’s by-elections, what will he say to the 3,100 people in Wellingborough who are remortgaging and paying £210 more on their mortgages every month, and to the 2,800 people in Kingswood paying £270 more a month because of the Conservative mortgage penalty?
What I will say to them is that responsible, difficult decisions, the vast majority of which the shadow Chancellor opposed, have seen the inflation rate more than halve and interest rates likely to have peaked.
Last year, we built more houses in one year than in any single year under the previous Labour Government.
We are  doing everything we can to help bring down mortgage rates, but a £28 billion borrowing spree will make them worse not better.
In 2011, the Government quite rightly set up the fund to compensate victims of the Equitable Life scandal.
Notwithstanding the fact that the Government did not give them enough money, we know that the fund will not be fully spent on the people being compensated.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure the fund is used for the benefit of the people who suffered in the scandal, rather than being returned to the Treasury?