After one year of successfully mentoring the church's youth and

bringing them closer to the Lord, Lead Pastor Eddie Smith ordained Mr.

Ware as a Minister of Gospel in October 2019 and named him Assistant to

the Pastor.
During his tenure as Servant Leader of Children, Youth, and Young

Adults, Minister Ware was responsible for evaluating, planning, and

implementing a thorough course of action for the youth to grow in their

faith.
He facilitated Bible Study and Youth Church, oversaw the

baptisms of eight young people and grew youth membership at Macedonia

through outreach at local colleges and universities.
Furthermore,

Minister Ware has been instrumental in local community outreach--most

notably his ministry at Bruce Elementary School where he visited at

least twice a month to mentor at risk youths and facilitate two coat

drives in which Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church donated over 250

winter coats to underprivileged youth.
Following his efforts at the

school, the Bibb County Board of Education selected Minister Ware to be

a sitting member on the board to hire Bruce Elementary's next

principal.
Additionally, as Assistant to the Pastor, Minister Ware

began the process and coordinated training with Middle Georgia Food

Bank to establish Macedonia as a local agency to establish a food bank

on church grounds.
Minister Ware has been recognized numerous times for his professional

achievements.
He is a recipient of the Navy and Marine Corps

Achievement Medal, Certificate of Commendation, and Letter of

Appreciation.
He was recognized by the Middle-Georgia Black Pages as a

Young Entrepreneur and Professional in 2019 and was also nominated for

Leadership Macon in 2022, a year-long program that introduces a class

of rising community leaders to the successes and challenges in Macon-

Bibb County's public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``Service is the

rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Belvin Ware has paid his rent many times over and still continues to

give a prodigious amount of love and service back to his community.
He

is currently the Executive Director for Heal the Hood Empowering

Movement, a community initiative to cure violence and to bring economic

power back to the Macon community through mentoring, job placement, and

prison reform.
He is also a Co-founder of the Concord Project which is

a partnership between the local clergy and the Bibb County Sheriff's

Office.
Minister Ware has accomplished many things in his life, but none of

it would have been possible without the enduring love and support of

his loving wife of over fifteen years, Aisha N. Ware, as well as his

sons, Kingston Josiah and Kingsley Uriah.
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and

me, along with more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second

Congressional District, in recognizing and commending Minister Belvin

D. Ware, on his continued service as the newly appointed Pastor of

Macon, Georgia's Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOHN GRAHAM, JR.
HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the

late John Graham, Jr. as the committed family man he was and will

continue to be in memory.
While at Poquoson High School, he won notable achievements such as:

becoming Virginia's Boys State Representative, being elected President

of his Senior class, and was a brilliant athlete.
John was such a

brilliant athlete he not only received the role of Captain his junior

and senior years of high school, he also was recognized as ``Little All

American'' during his football career in college.
His drive to play and

contribute to his teams got him inducted into the RMC Hall of Fame in

2015.
While working for NASA he was a fundamental contributor to

groundbreaking missions.
John was critical in developing and building

the budding space program, even working alongside the original

astronauts.