D.C.'s exclusion from the Act makes it ineligible for federal

funding that would support research at D.C.'s public university, the

University of the District of Columbia (UDC).
The College of

Agriculture, Urban Sustainability and Environmental Sciences at UDC,

the nation's only urban land-grant university, offers programs that

complement D.C.'s ongoing forestry efforts and serve individuals in

D.C. and beyond.
Rectifying D.C.'s exclusion from the Act would ensure

equal treatment for D.C. and provide UDC a fair share of resources.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NATIONAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP WEEK AND BLACK HISTORY MONTH

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Mrs. BEATTY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the more than

160,000 Black-owned employer businesses in the U.S. during National

Entrepreneurship Week.
Black businessowners experience pervasive barriers to accessing

capital--more than any other demographic.
According to the Alliance for Entrepreneurial Equity, two-thirds of

Black employers seek financing to expand business operations, yet half

of them are denied loans and lines of credit.
Micael Habte is the owner of Upper Cup Coffee, an Eritrean-based

coffee shop and wholesale coffee supplier located in the Old Towne East

neighborhood of Columbus.
Despite capital challenges due to COVID-19,

today Micael is running two cafes, and a coffee kiosk, and has even

expanded his roasting facility.
I'm proud of the fortitude businessowners like Micael have displayed,

and I urge my colleagues to closely consider the challenges faced by

Black entrepreneurs.
We must work together to build a stronger, more equitable economy for

all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BELVIN D. WARE AND MACEDONIA MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH IN

MACON, GEORGIA

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

appointment of a dedicated servant leader and a true visionary for the

Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church of Macon, Georgia, Minister Belvin

D. Ware.
Minister Ware was elected by the church to serve as Head

Pastor in December of 2023, and he was officially installed at the

church on February 18, 2024, at 3:00 p.m.

A native of Macon, Georgia, Belvin D. Ware was born to the union of

Denise T. Jones and Lawrence F. Ware, Jr. both of Macon, Georgia.
Minister Ware completed his childhood education in Macon and is a

graduate of Central High School's Class of 1996.
He is currently in the

process of completing a Bachelor of Science degree in Biblical Studies.
Minister Ware is also a United States Marine, joining in 1998 and

reaching the rank of Staff Sergeant (E6) where he served for over

sixteen years before receiving an Honorable Discharge.
Minister Ware first accepted Christ at the young age of seven years

old at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church, and he accepted the call to

ministry in December of 2012.
He gave his initial sermon on September

29, 2013, at New Life Family Worship in Jacksonville, North Carolina

where he also received his License of Ministry.
In July of 2018,

Minister Ware accepted a full-time position at Macedonia Missionary

Baptist Church as the Servant Leader of Children, Youth, and Young

Adults.
After one year of successfully mentoring the church's youth and

bringing them closer to the Lord, Lead Pastor Eddie Smith ordained Mr.

Ware as a Minister of Gospel in October 2019 and named him Assistant to

the Pastor.
During his tenure as Servant Leader of Children, Youth, and Young

Adults, Minister Ware was responsible for evaluating, planning, and

implementing a thorough course of action for the youth to grow in their

faith.
He facilitated Bible Study and Youth Church, oversaw the

baptisms of eight young people and grew youth membership at Macedonia

through outreach at local colleges and universities.