Title: CELEBRATING WHIO-TV'S 75TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
32

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING WHIO-TV'S 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 75th

anniversary of WHIO-TV, a leader in local news in my hometown of

Dayton, Ohio.
WHIO was the first television station to begin broadcasting in

Dayton, and has remained a CBS affiliate since that first broadcast.
For nearly their entire history, WHIO has aired on Channel 7 in the

Miami Valley and residents have routinely tuned in to the `coverage

they can count on.'
For three quarters of a century, WHIO has provided their audience

with vital weather updates, local and national news coverage, and in-

depth reports from their investigative unit, the I-Team.
Our community

also relies on Channel 7 for their sports coverage, faithfully airing

both Bengals and Browns CBS games on Sundays.
The WHIO news team plays a vital role in keeping the Miami Valley

informed and up to date on affairs that affect our everyday life.
The

Storm Center 7 weather team prepares viewers for their day, but also

provides lifesaving information when severe weather strikes.
The news

team holds business and government accountable to the citizens they

serve, as well as informing viewers of local and national news stories.
Local journalism is a critical part of our community and is

instrumental to our democratic experiment.
WHIO embraces that

responsibility and has established itself as a trusted news source for

the Dayton area.
I join the Miami Valley in saying thank you for a

steadfast 75 years, looking forward to tuning in for many more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ARTESIA HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNADEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Bulldogs

Football Team from Artesia High School in New Mexico.
In November 2023,

the Bulldogs won their 32nd State Football Championship in Class 5A.

That is unmatched by any other high school in the state of New Mexico.
In fact, the Artesia Football Program has won more State Football

Championships than any high school in the nation since 1950.
To win a state championship takes teamwork, persistence, and

determination.
It's a reflection of the commitment of the school

leaders, coaches, parents, and everyone in the community.
It's a

reflection of the Bulldogs' players' ability to succeed in their future

endeavors.
Let us enshrine the names of every member of the Artesia High School

football team forever:

Matt Saiz, Grant Johnson, Porter Hardman, Gael Ruiz, Axel Hartley,

Juan Diego Duran, Derrick Warren, Izac Cazares, Brody McDonald, Jaden

Waldrip, Phillip Finley-Rascon, David Hammond, Josiah Rodriguez, Jaeden

Hutson, Jesse Leroch, Diego Lopez, Frankie Galindo, Jarren Wadkins,

Jesse Armendariz, Cael Houghtaling, Angelo Silvas, Andrew Rodriguez,

Jaykob Ortega, Edel Villa, Jett Whitmire, Haden Harcrow, Joseph

Martinez, Jeremiah Chavez, Miguel Soto, Nye Estrada, Kaden Zuniga,

David Ybarra, Cody Johnson, Gabino Barrera, Jake Vandevender, Zach

Wells, Hagan Crockett, Tootie McNeil, Xavyer Jagger, Ayden Huffman,

Jesus Estrada, Omar Salais, Rafael Orozco, Steven Williams, Diego

Wesson, Dylan Fisher, Ricardo Huerta, Saul Peralta, Francisco Caleyo,

Kaden Grantham, Myka Aguirre, Juan Leon, Ivan Chacon, Adrian Ramirez,

Edgar Canillo, Kellen Worley, Enrique Armendariz, Garret Fisher,

Stephen Butts, Daeven Hutson, Manuel Calderon, Jackson Parker, Devyn

Velasquez, Troy Tomsic, Carson Troost, Caleb Martin, Marco Soto, Daniel

Aguilar, Joel Crosby, Caleb Murray, Crecencio Cuellar, Jonathan

Gonzalez, Fernando Lira, Kaden Beauregard, Ethan Conn, Bryce Parra,

Jacob Parrish, Jack Byars, Gavin Brown, Ulrich Medez, Santiago

Esquibel, Jacob Calderon, Xavier Ramirez, Braylon Kinnibrugh, Kaiden

Fredrickson, Andres Estrada, Yeudiel Salamanca, and Ricky Maesta.
Let us also remember the incredible work of the managers Max

Klingshirn, Ryan Hickey, Jesus Ruiz, Matt Gage, and Kaiden Fredrickson

as well as the coaches Jeremy Maupin, Jourdan Rodriguez, Jackson

Bickel, Tony Jaramillo, Max Rodriguez, Derek Montoya, Andy Lopez, and

Cory Saxon.