It's a

reflection of the Bulldogs' players' ability to succeed in their future

endeavors.
Let us enshrine the names of every member of the Artesia High School

football team forever:

Matt Saiz, Grant Johnson, Porter Hardman, Gael Ruiz, Axel Hartley,

Juan Diego Duran, Derrick Warren, Izac Cazares, Brody McDonald, Jaden

Waldrip, Phillip Finley-Rascon, David Hammond, Josiah Rodriguez, Jaeden

Hutson, Jesse Leroch, Diego Lopez, Frankie Galindo, Jarren Wadkins,

Jesse Armendariz, Cael Houghtaling, Angelo Silvas, Andrew Rodriguez,

Jaykob Ortega, Edel Villa, Jett Whitmire, Haden Harcrow, Joseph

Martinez, Jeremiah Chavez, Miguel Soto, Nye Estrada, Kaden Zuniga,

David Ybarra, Cody Johnson, Gabino Barrera, Jake Vandevender, Zach

Wells, Hagan Crockett, Tootie McNeil, Xavyer Jagger, Ayden Huffman,

Jesus Estrada, Omar Salais, Rafael Orozco, Steven Williams, Diego

Wesson, Dylan Fisher, Ricardo Huerta, Saul Peralta, Francisco Caleyo,

Kaden Grantham, Myka Aguirre, Juan Leon, Ivan Chacon, Adrian Ramirez,

Edgar Canillo, Kellen Worley, Enrique Armendariz, Garret Fisher,

Stephen Butts, Daeven Hutson, Manuel Calderon, Jackson Parker, Devyn

Velasquez, Troy Tomsic, Carson Troost, Caleb Martin, Marco Soto, Daniel

Aguilar, Joel Crosby, Caleb Murray, Crecencio Cuellar, Jonathan

Gonzalez, Fernando Lira, Kaden Beauregard, Ethan Conn, Bryce Parra,

Jacob Parrish, Jack Byars, Gavin Brown, Ulrich Medez, Santiago

Esquibel, Jacob Calderon, Xavier Ramirez, Braylon Kinnibrugh, Kaiden

Fredrickson, Andres Estrada, Yeudiel Salamanca, and Ricky Maesta.
Let us also remember the incredible work of the managers Max

Klingshirn, Ryan Hickey, Jesus Ruiz, Matt Gage, and Kaiden Fredrickson

as well as the coaches Jeremy Maupin, Jourdan Rodriguez, Jackson

Bickel, Tony Jaramillo, Max Rodriguez, Derek Montoya, Andy Lopez, and

Cory Saxon.
You're all great examples of the persevering spirit of New

Mexico.
Go Bulldogs.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GRATITUDE TO CITIZEN ADVOCATES

HON.
JAMES P. McGOVERN

Mr. McGOVERN.
Mr. Speaker, today I would like to include in the

Record an important article from consumer advocate, lawyer, and author

Ralph Nader that celebrate the determination and courage of citizen

activists like Nadia Milleron.
Nadia's daughter, Samya Rose Stumo,

tragically died in a plane crash when the defective Boeing 737 Max she

was in, crashed in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019, killing all 156 people

on board.
Nadia was determined to fight for justice, and successfully

pushed for action to ensure that the families of victims of such

tragedies could collect punitive damages.
Her story is an inspiration

that should be read by all as a reminder that in our democracy, one

person truly can make a difference.
That Lady from New England Who Shamed Us All

(Ralph Nader)

The mass media is reluctant to recognize civic heroes

unless they display physical bravely such as rushing into a

burning building to save a child.
The media also lavishes

vast coverage on sports heroes and entertainers.
Unnoticed by the mass media was how it came about that the

Illinois legislature, overcome by corporate lobbyists, passed

legislation allowing punitive damages for wrongful death

disasters, and sent the bill to Illinois Governor J.B.

Pritzker who signed it last Friday.
In the words of one state lawmaker, this effort started

with ``that lady from New England who drove down here (to

Springfield, Illinois) and shamed us all.''
That lady was my

niece Nadia Milleron, who lost her daughter Samya Rose

Stumo--an emerging leader in global health--to the defective

Boeing 737 Max that crashed in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019,

killing all 156 people on board. (
Earlier on October 29,

2018, a similar also new Boeing 737 Max crashed off

Indonesia's coast, killing all 189 passengers and crew.)
Nadia was determined that families in the future who lost

their loved ones to reckless corporate actions and crimes

would not be told by Illinois courts that, were people

rendered disabled, they could collect punitive damages--but

not if their lives were taken.