Mr. Speaker, I, along with the people of St. Louis, rise to

honor and celebrate the life and legacy of Erna Je'Neen French.
Erna

was a giant in the gospel community, a mother, grandmother, and sister

who dedicated her life to spreading the joy and love of God through her

powerful voice.
Erna professed her devotion to Jesus Christ at the early age of five,

and she knew she would one day be a famous gospel singer.
Inspired by

her mother Lavera, gospel music was always central to Erna's life.
Erna

was a scholar of spiritual hymns, and she understood the weight those

verses carried.
Before the age of 12, Erna recorded three national

gospel records with the Thomas A. Dorsey National Convention of Gospel

Choirs and Choruses under the St. Louis Gospel Choral Union, the O'Neal

Twins, and the Stan Lee Gospel Music Workshop.
Later in her life, Erna

recorded with numerous artists and ministries nationally and

internationally and was a member of the Gospel Music Workshop of

America, the Sanctified POSSE, GEMCA, Dello Thedford and the Gospel

Symphonic Choir, Rusty Watson, One Voice, the Psalms of David, and

countless other ministries.
In 2018, Erna accomplished a lifelong dream

releasing her project ``Always'' with the help of Levi Too King.
A student of the University City School District, she was a proud

member of the graduating class of 1985.
In 1986, Erna began a career as

a professional driver.
She drove school buses until 1998 when she

joined the Bistate Development Agency/Metro St. Louis Transit Agency,

from which she retired in 2021.
Most importantly, Erna loved spending time with her family.
Her

daughter Alysha De'Nise French and grandson CJ were the lights of her

life.
Erna shared her deep passion for gospel music with her older

sister, Monica.
I offer my deepest condolences on behalf of Missouri's

First District to Erna's entire family and all those who loved her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LATE BILL BRAND

HON.
TED LIEU

Mr. LIEU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my

friend, Bill Brand, Mayor of Redondo Beach.
Mayor Brand passed away on

Friday, February 9th at home alongside friends and family.
He valiantly

fought stage-four lung cancer over the past four and a half years,

while remaining in office.
He survived his specific cancer longer than

any other diagnosed in the United States.
Bill Brand was born in Dallas, Texas, and moved to the South Bay

region of Los Angeles County in 1966.
He vividly remembered his first

sight of the Seaside Lagoon and called it ``finding heaven.''
Bill

dedicated his life to serving people.
He saw the need to champion

access to open space for South Bay residents and created a non-profit

organization in 2004, the South Bay Parkland Conservancy, which is

dedicated to the restoration, preservation, and public use of coastal

land resources in the South Bay.
This organization continues to grow

and serve our coastal communities as a steward of our environment,

carrying on Bill's legacy.
Bill Brand expanded on his work in public service, first as a Member

of the Redondo Beach City Council, and finally as Mayor, a position he

served until his last day.
He was a fierce advocate for many

environmental and coastal priorities, and it was a great honor to work

with him to champion these issues.
Bill is survived by his loving wife, Deirdre.
He served his community

fervidly despite the difficulty of his condition.
His tremendous will

was a demonstration of his love and dedication for his community.
He

was a remarkable public servant, and it was a privilege to know him and

call him a friend.
May his memory live on in his many contributions to

the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF MARTIN ``BO'' BURKE

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.