May his memory live on in his many contributions to

the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF MARTIN ``BO'' BURKE

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of one of Connecticut's great leaders in our state's legal profession

and government who sadly passed

recently, Mr. Martin ``Bo'' Byran Burke.
A true gentleman, Bo

represented thousands of clients, guiding them expertly through legal

difficulty and, at times, crisis.
The positive impact he made on

countless individuals, families, and small businesses is incalculable.
He also enthusiastically participated in politics and government out of

both a sense of civic duty and his abiding devotion to our democracy

and constitution.
Born in 1940 to Edmond and Francis Burke, Bo was a true son of New

England.
His passion for his community and region defined his life's

choices.
After graduating from Colgate University with a Bachelor's in

English, Bo continued his studies as he pursued a Juris Doctor from

Albany School of Law.
Although Bo's first foray into law was in New

York State, he soon returned to his home state, passing the Connecticut

Bar Exam in 1968.
Bo's career as a lawyer was long, eventful, and widely respected.
His

work ethic was unparalleled, and he was modest about his

accomplishments.
His small-town practice in Vernon, Connecticut was

always centered on representing people, not large institutional

clients.
Today that model might be viewed by some as out of date, but

Bo knew that such representation is at the heart of the oath he took

when he was admitted to the bar.
Bo was also committed to improving the

profession.
Bo served on the Connecticut Judicial Review Council, the

Connecticut Law Revision Commission, and the Committee on Government

Administration and Policy and the Governor's Commission on Judicial

Reform.
He additionally wrote for numerous law journals, such as the

Connecticut Law Journal and the Connecticut Bar Journal.
Bo opened his

own practice in Vernon where he had immeasurable success.
He focused on

law, Title XIX, special needs, trusts, veterans' benefits, probate, and

real estate.
He took upon immense responsibilities as he briefed and

argued over 12 reported appellate cases.
Bo was understood by those

around him to be a wise and trustworthy lawyer due to his extensive

experience and mastery of the law.
Bo applied his vast knowledge of law and government to an amazingly

accomplished one term in the Connecticut General Assembly.
In 1974 he

ran and won the 56th Assembly seat, representing Vernon.
In his single

term, he took on the incredibly important and difficult task of writing

our state's freedom of information act.
Opening state and local

government to the press and public was extremely challenging.
Yet,

because of his diligent, talented ability to shape the bill and win

consensus, the measure passed and was signed into law by Governor Ella

Grasso.
That law has withstood the test of time and still provides

sunlight on the processes of government which is essential to a healthy

democracy.
After his two years of representation for the constituents

of district 56, he decided to redirect his focus from elective office

back to his law practice and town government.
He transitioned to

positions within the towns of Vernon and Rockville.
For many years, he

served both as Town Attorney and Assistant Town Attorney of Vernon.
Bo

endlessly served his town and state and was a champion of protecting

democracy.
As someone who understood the opportunities created from receiving

advanced education, Bo took it upon himself to improve and advocate for

education with his town.
Of course, a big reason for his interest was

his long and beautiful marriage to his talented wife Ellen, who taught

hundreds and hundreds of children in the Vernon Public Schools.