Had he made it an event, he would have memorably

conveyed the key motivating belief in a democracy--that one

person can make a difference!
Citizen Nadia blazed the way, shaming the foot-dragging

Illinois Trial Lawyers Association (ITLA) into jumping on the

bandwagon in Springfield once the bill's momentum grew.
On February 27, 2023, I wrote a letter to the President of

the Illinois Trial Lawyers Association, Patrick A. Salvi II,

wondering why the ITLA hadn't pushed this initiative over

many past years and urged them to ``make the maximum effort

to secure passage.''
Trial Lawyer Associations do not usually

answer letters, but this one got through, with copies to

other interested parties. (
See the letter here).
Our country, over time, has been helped immeasurably by

outraged mothers (and fathers) turning their unabating

mourning over the loss of their children into laser beam

intensity behind health and safety laws to save other parents

and children from similar tragedies. (
Note e.g., Mothers

Against Drunk Driving).
These civic heroes defy all odds to challenge and prevail.
The odds don't faze them; they have a higher calling to

achieve.
Unfortunately, neither Governor Pritzker nor the mass media

seized this dramatic moment for exemplary recognition.
The

law, however, now is on the books to further more humane and

deterrent purposes, thanks ``to that Lady from New England

who shamed us all.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DON BLOOMER

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to

my good friend, Mr. Don Bloomer, who is retiring after nearly 50 years

of service at Citizens National Bank in Somerset, Kentucky.
Over the

last five decades, Don has been a trusted leader in the Lake Cumberland

area, dedicating countless hours of volunteer service to other

community entities, and helping local families and businesses reach or

exceed their financial goals.
Raised on a small farm in Pulaski County, Don knew the value of hard

work and loyalty from an early age.
His life's dream was to be a

successful citizen in his hometown community and a strong family man,

both of which he has accomplished through diligent work and compassion.
Don first arrived at Citizens National Bank as a Management Trainee

in 1976, under the guidance of former bank president Clay Davis.
From

there he climbed the banking ladder as auditor, comptroller, and

cashier, until he was promoted to President and CEO in 2007, where he

has guided the bank and the local community through unexpected changes

in technology and financial shifts ever since.
Clay encouraged Don to

learn every aspect of the industry through advanced educational

opportunities, strengthening the future of the institution he serves

and the local community.
May his life's story be an inspiration to our aspiring youth who hope

to one day follow in Don's footsteps, working hard from the family farm

to become the local bank president in their hometown.
We can all make a

difference in our communities, like Don Bloomer, with a tireless work

ethic and sheer resolve to make this region a better place to live.
My wife Cynthia and I deeply appreciate the loyal friendship of Don

and Rhonda Bloomer, and we wish them the most joyful years of

retirement in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ERNA JE'NEEN FRENCH

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I, along with the people of St. Louis, rise to

honor and celebrate the life and legacy of Erna Je'Neen French.
Erna

was a giant in the gospel community, a mother, grandmother, and sister

who dedicated her life to spreading the joy and love of God through her

powerful voice.
Erna professed her devotion to Jesus Christ at the early age of five,

and she knew she would one day be a famous gospel singer.