Bo

endlessly served his town and state and was a champion of protecting

democracy.
As someone who understood the opportunities created from receiving

advanced education, Bo took it upon himself to improve and advocate for

education with his town.
Of course, a big reason for his interest was

his long and beautiful marriage to his talented wife Ellen, who taught

hundreds and hundreds of children in the Vernon Public Schools.
He

served as counsel on the Vernon Education Foundation to being a member

and Chairman on the Board of Trustees at the Rockville Public Library.
Between Bo and Ellen, Vernon's education standards remained high, which

is part of the reason two schools received blue ribbon awards from the

U.S. Department of Education, something which is a great source of

pride in Vernon.
Bo's career was one element of his multifaceted and exciting life.
Since the mid-60s, he had been a continuous vacationer in Maine.
For

much of this time, he owned a camp on Flying Pond in Vienna, Maine.
The

days spent in Maine were calm and relaxing and gave Bo breaks from his

demanding career as a lawyer.
It has been a great honor to personally know Bo.
I met him when I was

a young lawyer in Vernon many years ago and had the benefit of

practicing law in the same community for many years.
His example of

strong advocacy and common-sense willingness to find common ground to

settle disputes still resonates with me to this day.
In 1986, I ran for

the same seat he held in the general assembly and with his help, I was

fortunate enough to prevail.
He was always willing to provide counsel

and advice which I deeply appreciated.
Twenty years later he supported

my election to the U.S. Congress, which was so special and meaningful

to me.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to immortalize him today.
He has been a great

inspiration not just for me, but for his family, community, and beyond.
His loss is deeply felt by his family members, including his wife,

Ellen Schopfer Burke; his sons, Matthew, Jonathan, Andrew, and Sullivan

Burke, and their wives; his sister, Susan Evans Burke, and his cousin

Mary Jane Dempsey.
He will also be missed by the community at large,

which has seen many improvements directly due to Bo's efforts and deep

commitment to others.
His deep and nuanced understanding of the law

assisted many constituents in defending their rights as American

citizens.
I am grateful to know that Bo's legacy will carry on within

and beyond my district, as others follow in his footsteps.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF KEITH KING

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor the life, legacy, and

faith of Keith King, who died of pancreatic cancer on February 3, 2024,

at the age of 75.
Keith was a champion for the Pikes Peak region as a

successful and generous business entrepreneur, elected official, and

advocate for school choice and charter schools.
Keith had a tremendous

impact on those around him, but it was only possible because he was

driven and directed by his love for Jesus Christ and his family.
Keith

King was truly a giant in advancing policies that helped families,

children, schools, and the state of Colorado.
In addition to being a

personal colleague in the Colorado legislature for seven years and a

brother in Christ, Keith was my friend.
Born in Tekoa, Washington, Keith moved to Colorado and completed his

bachelor's degree at Colorado State University, Pueblo in industrial

education in 1970.
He continued his education at Oregon State

University in 1976 with a master's degree in vocational education.
It

was through his studies that his already budding desire to see children

succeed in school and have as many education choices as possible

available to them bloomed.