His drive to play and

contribute to his teams got him inducted into the RMC Hall of Fame in

2015.
While working for NASA he was a fundamental contributor to

groundbreaking missions.
John was critical in developing and building

the budding space program, even working alongside the original

astronauts.
He also held crucial roles in the development of the

Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo space programs.
Unfortunately, right before John was eligible to retire from NASA, he

was confronted with a decision that would change his life forever.
His

father was fighting through a tough battle with pancreatic cancer and

asked John to take over the family business in his stead.
Showing true sacrifice and dedication to his family, John decided to

leave his career at NASA in order to preserve his family's seafood

business: Graham & Rollins.
Keeping the spirit of a true family

business, John brought his children and wife Sandra Graham to work

alongside him, further cementing how his family was always a top

priority.
As President of Graham & Rollins, John expanded the company

threefold, leaving a family legacy to his children and grandchildren.
During his successful career within the family business, John also

took the time to mentor his sons and grandsons in wrestling.
Due to his

mentorship, his sons were able to blossom in the sport and each hold

notable records.
With a renewed sense of love for the sport, John had a

vision to expand the fan base of wrestling.
That's why he helped create

the Peninsula Wrestling Association as well as founding the Virginia

Duals.
He even went on to serve as the team leader for the Olympic

wrestling team in 1988 and 1996.
Due to his contributions to the sport,

John was awarded the Order of Merit for the National Wrestling Hall of

Fame and was inducted into both the Virginia Wrestling and Lower

Peninsula Halls of Fame.
John will always be known for his devotion to his family, his love

for sports, and his unwavering commitment to give back to his

community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing John Graham, Jr. and

to thank his wonderful family for giving me the pleasure of

acknowledging him and recognizing the kindness he shared with the world

around him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARK HAFNER

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Keller City

Manager, Mark Hafner, who is retiring after more than four decades of

public service.
At just 18 years old, Mr. Hafner started his career as

a police officer.
In 2001, he moved his family to Texas to lead the

Keller Police Department as the Chief of Police.
Under his watch,

Keller's first Crime Control and Prevention District sales tax was

passed, allocating a portion of the tax dollars toward ensuring public

safety.
Keller Police Department also earned its state and national

accreditations and forged cutting-edge partnerships in 911 dispatch,

animal services, detention, municipal court services, and policing with

the cities of Colleyville, Roanoke, Southlake, and Westlake.
He also

oversaw two major police station expansions and renovation projects.
After 14 years as the Chief of Police, including three as Keller's

Director of Public Safety, Mr. Hafner was promoted to the

organization's top spot in June 2015 as the City Manager.
In this

position, he's overseen historic investments in public infrastructure,

parks, and recreation amenities, helped attract vibrant commercial

development, and worked to ensure Keller's long-term financial

security.
The new Keller Senior Activities Center and renovations to

Fire Stations 2 and 3 were also completed under his tenure.
I Thank Mr. Hafner for all he has done to protect and serve the

people of North Texas.
His career has been marked by a commitment to

excellence, service and innovation.
I congratulate him on his well-

deserved retirement, he will be missed.