That lady was my

niece Nadia Milleron, who lost her daughter Samya Rose

Stumo--an emerging leader in global health--to the defective

Boeing 737 Max that crashed in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019,

killing all 156 people on board. (
Earlier on October 29,

2018, a similar also new Boeing 737 Max crashed off

Indonesia's coast, killing all 189 passengers and crew.)
Nadia was determined that families in the future who lost

their loved ones to reckless corporate actions and crimes

would not be told by Illinois courts that, were people

rendered disabled, they could collect punitive damages--but

not if their lives were taken.
The cruel absurdity of this

perverse rule that lets companies escape punitive damages

under the law of torts (wrongful injuries) if their

recklessness or greed kills their victims, but not if they

injure them, was too much for Nadia to tolerate.
Driven by her love of Samya and her determination to end

this gross injustice, she spent months away from her

Massachusetts home in 2022 getting appointments with every

Illinois Assembly person--177 of them--to plead her case in

person.
None of the naysayers she encountered in the lobbying

circles around the legislature deterred her, not even some

plaintiff trial lawyers.
By the sheer force of her legal and factual arguments, her

moral authority and a few senior political advisors in

Chicago, she laid the groundwork for action earlier last

year.
The Illinois Wrongful Death Act was championed by a

young African-American state lawmaker, Rep. La Shawn K. Ford.
Once it started moving through the Assembly (with little

media attention) it gained momentum among the new Assembly

leadership that carried through to the new leadership of the

State Senate.
Both legislative Houses are controlled by

Democrats.
Nadia came to this challenge in Illinois, where the Stumo

family civil tort litigation against Boeing is pending, with

experience in battling the giant Boeing corporation's power

to get its way in Washington, DC.
For months after Boeing's

homicides in Ethiopia (See, September 16, 2020, News Release

from the House Committee on Transportation), Nadia and her

husband Mike (both non-practicing lawyers), with the help of

their two articulate sons, and other relentless, bereaved

families, worked the corridors and offices of Congress,

pressing for public hearings and legislation.
Their efforts,

punctuated by public demonstrations, culminated in the

passage of federal legislation to start the process of

strengthening air safety regulations.
The Stumos and their family network also focused on the

derelict FAA which, over the years, had transformed itself

from a supposed aviation safety regulator to a weak,

consultant's role.
The agency literally delegated regulatory

decisions and inspections to deputized Boeing employees on

the factory floor and in the design offices.
Boeing and other

aircraft manufacturers made sure that Congress did not object

and indeed had Congress facilitate this delegation, including

by keeping the FAA's regulatory budget and skilled staff too

small to regulate directly and forcefully.
Nonetheless, with astute and newsworthy press conferences

and accurate responsiveness to media inquiries, the families

pushed the FAA to be a little more hands-on and probing than

it was up to 2019.
When the punitive damage bill passed the Illinois

legislature, Governor Pritzker had 60 days to either sign it

or let it become law.
He chose to sign it on August 12th

without any ceremony, without having Nadia, the young

Assemblyman Ford and other senior state lawmakers by his

side.
Had he made it an event, he would have memorably

conveyed the key motivating belief in a democracy--that one

person can make a difference!
Citizen Nadia blazed the way, shaming the foot-dragging

Illinois Trial Lawyers Association (ITLA) into jumping on the

bandwagon in Springfield once the bill's momentum grew.
On February 27, 2023, I wrote a letter to the President of

the Illinois Trial Lawyers Association, Patrick A. Salvi II,

wondering why the ITLA hadn't pushed this initiative over

many past years and urged them to ``make the maximum effort

to secure passage.''