Born in Tekoa, Washington, Keith moved to Colorado and completed his

bachelor's degree at Colorado State University, Pueblo in industrial

education in 1970.
He continued his education at Oregon State

University in 1976 with a master's degree in vocational education.
It

was through his studies that his already budding desire to see children

succeed in school and have as many education choices as possible

available to them bloomed.
Keith served on the Cheyenne Mountain School

board from 1991 to 1995; and was president of Cheyenne Mountain Charter

Academy, which he co-founded, from 1995 to 1998.
Keith also started

Colorado Springs Early Colleges and Colorado Early Colleges which

provided high schoolers the opportunity to take college classes and

receive job training.
Education choice and specifically the emergence

and growth of charter schools in Colorado became one of Keith's main

passions in his legislative career.
First elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 1999,

Keith's first year in the legislature showed immediate results.
During

his first session in office, Keith was the lead sponsor of two bills

that improved charter school structures and operations that were signed

into law.
This impressive success record was only the beginning of

Keith's impact on Colorado.
Keith sponsored the annual school finance

act three times and sponsored the landmark College Opportunity Fund

which created substantial change to the funding system for public

colleges and universities.
Keith and his wife Sandi of more than fifty years enjoyed the

blessings of their sons Jeremy and Brandon, their families, and their

five grandchildren.
A devoted husband and Christian, Keith embodied 1

Corinthians 16:13-14 in every way that he lived his life, especially in

the public square as a legislator: ``Be on your guard; stand firm in

the faith, be courageous; be strong.
Do everything in love.''
Education remains one of the most important pillars of our society

today.
Keith recognized that high-quality and well-funded education

gave each child the best chance at an impactful life.
Keith's faith and

his family provided Keith with his ``North Star'' as he used his gifts

and abilities to make life better for all of those around him.
Even

into his later years, Keith was on campus at local high schools

teaching and coaching basketball.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues

in Congress join me in remembering and honoring the life of a faithful

man in Keith King whose impact in the Pikes Peak region will be felt

for the rest of time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE McINTIRE-STENNIS ACT DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EQUALITY

ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the McIntire-Stennis Act

District of Columbia Equality Act, which would correct an apparent

oversight in the exclusion of the District of Columbia from eligibility

for funding under the McIntire-Stennis Act.
The Act provides the states and certain territories with formula

funding to support state designated institutions' cooperative forestry

research programs.
The funding available under this Act assists the

states and territories in carrying out forestry research programs at

state forestry schools and colleges and developing a trained pool of

forest scientists capable of conducting needed forestry research.
District of Columbia residents pay full federal taxes and therefore

District of Columbia is treated as a state under federal programs, with

limited exceptions.
The Act defines ``State'' to include Puerto Rico,

the Virgin Islands and Guam, whose residents do not pay full federal

taxes.
D.C.'s exclusion from the Act makes it ineligible for federal

funding that would support research at D.C.'s public university, the

University of the District of Columbia (UDC).
The College of

Agriculture, Urban Sustainability and Environmental Sciences at UDC,

the nation's only urban land-grant university, offers programs that

complement D.C.'s ongoing forestry efforts and serve individuals in

D.C. and beyond.
Rectifying D.C.'s exclusion from the Act would ensure

equal treatment for D.C. and provide UDC a fair share of resources.