Heads of Departments have said that 60% attendance in the office is the best balance for civil servants working in Government Departments, but in an answer to a recent written parliamentary question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood) , the Cabinet Office said that no data exists for attendance outside London HQs—it is certainly not collected centrally.
However, the Office for National Statistics has produced data about its own workforce, which, via the UK Statistics Authority, comes under the Cabinet Office.
That shows a daily attendance  rate of as little as 3% in some of the ONS’s regional offices.
Does the Minister think that an attendance rate of 3% will help career progression and thereby help relocate civil servants outside London?
Does he think that 3% is acceptable?
Is this not just part of a wider pattern of non-attendance in offices outside London, and is it not time his Department published the data on attendance levels?
There have been problems at the Office for National Statistics.
We launched a report into it, which has recently reported, and there will be a change in the leadership of the Office for National Statistics, as the right hon.
Gentleman is aware.
That report highlighted the number of people not working in the office—a pattern that emerged when his party was in power.
I hope that the new leadership addresses every part of the recent report into the ONS.
The Government recently announced a number of measures to reform the civil service, including cutting up to 10,000 jobs and relocating thousands of roles across the country.
These reforms are vast in scope and could have a significant impact on public services, but the Government do not seem particularly interested in setting out to Parliament the details of the changes.
This House has not been given any clarity to enable proper scrutiny of which roles will be moved, cut or otherwise changed.
When will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster present his full plans on civil service reform to Parliament?
On  14 May , the Government announced the launch of new thematic campuses in Aberdeen and Manchester and the closure of 11 buildings, and reaffirmed the commitment on relocating 50% of senior roles outside London, which I just mentioned.
The hon.
Lady says these are vast commitments, but I think we need to go faster.
Reform of the state is essential, and those commitments will not be the end of civil service and state reform.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
On  19 May , we held the first ever UK-EU summit and announced a strategic partnership that will make people across the UK safer, more secure and more prosperous.
We are delivering greater security via the security and defence partnership, increased safety through tackling irregular migration and organised crime, and prosperity through the removal of trade barriers, energy efficiency and a cheaper transition to net zero.
That is good for bills, good for jobs and good for borders.