My hon.
and learned Friend is a powerful advocate for his constituents in Folkestone and Hythe.
The SPS agreement will remove routine border checks and certification, including for goods travelling through Folkestone and the Port of Dover.
It will mean that fresh produce will hit supermarket shelves more quickly, with less paperwork and fewer costs.
The new agreement with the EU will help Scottish businesses to grow and to export.
World-class producers such as Glenmorangie whisky, which is bottled in my constituency, Paterson’s shortbread, which is baked in my constituency, and the Scottish salmon industry have warmly welcomed the deal for Scotland.
Why does the Minister think that the SNP, the Tories and Reform have set their faces against it?
My hon.
Friend speaks very powerfully for his local businesses, and I am delighted that great produce such as Paterson’s shortbread, Lorne sausages and Scottish seed potatoes will benefit from easier and cheaper trade with the EU via the SPS agreement.
Any party that wants to reverse that will have to explain why it wants to take £9 billion-worth of benefits a year by 2040 away from our economy.
Does the Minister agree with me that, after years of the Conservatives picking fights with our most important allies rather than working with them on the shared challenges we face, our recently agreed trade deal and our closer co-operation on security and migration show the benefits of a grown-up approach to improving relations with our European partners?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The trade and co-operation agreement left a massive gap in our ability to tackle irregular migration.
The agreement we have now made with the EU starts the process of filling that gap through a comprehensive partnership.
It includes enhancing our operational relationship to tackle organised immigration crime and irregular migration with key agencies such as Europol.
This Government have a track record of announcing trade deals and then nothing actually happens, as our steel sector can attest.
Two months on from the Prime Minister crowing about a deal with the EU, will the Minister confirm whether any legal text has been agreed on SPS checks, sharing criminal records data and energy co-operation, and whether any of those measures have been implemented?
If the hon.
Member is seriously saying that our trade deals make no difference, he should visit Jaguar Land Rover and speak to the workers  there, whose jobs were saved by the economic deal with the United States.
He is absolutely right to say that the new common understanding is not in itself a legal text, but we will be moving to agree that legal text as soon as possible.
Given the questions from Conservative Back Benchers so far, they all seem to want it done as soon as possible, despite the opposition from those on their Front Bench.
If the last nine years have taught us nothing else, they have surely taught us that it is much easier to agree about the need for an agreement than it is to reach an agreement.
The SPS agreement will be critical for food and drink exports.
We are only going to get one chance on this, so to get it
right we need maximum engagement with the companies and businesses doing the exporting.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that their voices are heard in these negotiations and that the agreement suits them?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, which is why I have engaged throughout.
The domestic advisory group under the previous trade and co-operation agreement contains a range of stake- holders, and I regularly speak to them, but I go beyond that in my work with stakeholders.
He is right that it is hugely important that their voice is heard in the process of agreeing the legal text on the SPS agreement.
While we await the detail of the SPS deal, Northern Ireland is still seeing new and additional bureaucracy to implement the Windsor framework.
Does the Minister agree that it would make more sense to extend the grace periods and put a freeze on that bureaucracy rather than introduce more, as indicated in the report by the Federation of Small Businesses in Northern Ireland?
On our ability to negotiate generally, it is hugely important that we show good faith in implementing the agreement that the country previously agreed.
However, I say to the hon.
Gentleman that I always show pragmatism on implementing the Windsor framework.
If we take parcels, for example, when I went to Belfast last summer I was told that there was no readiness for businesses there, but I applied for and secured a six-month delay, and then implemented that part of the agreement, so he can be assured that I take a pragmatic approach.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the plan for change.
Our plan for change is already delivering the change the country voted for a year ago.
Great British Energy, headquartered in Aberdeen, is investing £1 billion in offshore wind supply chains, benefiting workers in our industrial heartlands.
Britain had the highest growth in the G7 in the first quarter of this year, interest rates have been cut four times and wages are rising faster than prices.
There is more to do, but after 14 years of decline under the Tories and almost two decades of SNP rule in Scotland, the country is turning a corner with this Labour Government.
Last week, the Health Secretary shared his plans to improve the NHS by giving patients more control over their treatment.
Patients in England are now able to book appointments and order their prescriptions on the NHS app.
With the lack of an NHS app in Scotland being described as a “national embarrassment”, does the Minister agree with me that people living in Scotland are being left behind?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Under this Labour Government, NHS waiting lists are falling and we have an ambitious plan for the future of the NHS.
Under the SNP, Scotland has an analogue Government in a digital age, and Scotland’s patients are missing out.
Scotland needs a new direction, which I hope it will take with Anas Sarwar’s Scottish Labour party next year.
Yesterday, I met members of the Spanish Senate, with whom I discussed energy security and how to bring down energy bills for our residents on either side of the channel.
It is clear that energy trading between the EU and the UK does not work properly.
What can we do, and what progress has been made, to improve the interconnectors and make the investment that is so necessary?
Order.
I am not quite sure whether it is relevant, but please answer if you are happy to, Minister.
It is in the common understanding, and we want a deeper relationship with our partners in the EU on this issue.