In their plan for change, the Government pledged to get the country the highest sustained growth in the G7—or back to where the Conservative Government left it.
However, it seems that this Government are on course to fail.
All respected international analysis—by the OECD, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and so on—suggests that over the next four years, the UK economy will grow nothing like as fast as the United States or Canada.
What analysis can the Minister point to that suggests otherwise?
Since coming into government a year ago, we have taken measures to fix the mess left behind by the Conservatives.
That is why, in the first quarter of this year, we were the fastest growing economy in the G7; interests rates have gone down four times, meaning people are paying less on their mortgages; and wages are rising faster than prices.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
It is no surprise that the Minister could not point to any analysis, because no such analysis exists.
That is because the Government have no plan for growth.
They do have a plan for tax, and they have a plan for borrowing—much more borrowing.
The Office for Budget Responsibility’s excoriating report earlier this week highlighted just how dangerous that is.
Indeed, under this Government, there is the very real prospect  of a sovereign debt crisis.
Where is the Government’s plan to avoid that?
It is not clear that the markets can wait until November.
Our plan for growth is central to this mission-driven Government.
Our investment in housing—building 1.5 million homes—will add £7 billion to the economy by the end of the Parliament.
We are getting building, with spades in the ground on our rail and road projects, and getting on where the Tories failed this country for 14 years.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
Our plan for change is already delivering for the British people, as the Minister without Portfolio, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham West and East Dulwich (Ellie Reeves) , has just said: wages up more in the first 10 months of our Government than in 10 years under the previous Government; a new nuclear age with £14 billion committed to building Sizewell C as a critical part of our clean energy transition; and NHS waiting lists down by more than 200,000 for the first time in years.
What a contrast to the record of the Conservatives.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster reassure the House that once he has actually started publishing the tracking dashboard for the plan for change, the six milestones will not go the same way as the three foundations, the six first steps for change, the five missions and the seven pillars of growth, and that it will not be abandoned and replaced when the Government realise they are missing their targets?
If the hon.
Gentleman wants more facts about delivery, let me help him out right now.
Last week we launched the biggest social and affordable housing programme in a generation, meeting a need that has been unmet for years in this country; we have extended free school meals to half a million more children; and this year, we will be putting 3,000 more neighbourhood police back on the beat.
I am very happy to give the hon.
Gentleman all the figures he wants.
Given that the Government’s plan for change tracking dashboard is still in development, can I ask the Minister to include a column or facility to track all the U-turns—or, as the Government may prefer to call it, “The Changes to the Plan for Change (Subject to Change)”?
That way, the public can see where those U-turns have taken place, such as on winter fuel payments, the grooming gangs inquiry and welfare reform.
It would also help Labour Back Benchers to keep up with the Government’s current position.
I hear a cry for more delivery statistics, so let me help the hon.
Member out.
We have also recruited 1,500 new GPs, deported 30,000 people with no right to be here, and expanded free school meals to lift 100,000 children out of poverty.
He is welcome.
The Government are clearly very happy to claim that all is rosy after their first year in power, yet on the ground in my constituency and around the country, the opposite story is being told.
The Government’s policies are hitting my constituents hard—whether it is the impact of increased national insurance contributions on local charities, the prospect of more red tape for landlords, or moving the goalposts for the most vulnerable.
Given the Government’s amazing claims, why are they so reticent to share the plan for change metrics in one place, so that the good people up and down the United Kingdom can see the reality of this Labour Government in hard facts?
More stats!
The hon.
Lady seems to want more delivery stats, so let me help her out.
As my right hon.
Friend, the Minister without Portfolio, said, we have had the highest growth of any G7 economy in the first quarter of this year, cuts in interest rates and an expansion of the warm home discount, which will mean that 6 million households will benefit from better insulated houses.
I do not claim, in reading out these statistics, that everything is perfect—far from it—but I do believe that we have had change in the past year: change in the investment pattern of the country; change in real wages; and change in our trading position.
That is change well worth having.[Official Report,  1 September 2025 ; Vol. 772, c. 2WC.]
(Correction)
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
For too long, residents and frontline workers have had to navigate fragmented and underfunded services, and have had to arm up for battle when using public services.
From our Best Start strategy to new neighbourhood health centres, we are reforming public services, so that money is invested in prevention, services are designed with and for local communities, and people always come first.
Does the Minister agree that, while waiting lists in England are falling thanks to billions of pounds of investment into our national health service, it is an absolute disgrace that, despite record levels of money being provided to the Scottish Government, waiting lists in Scotland continue to rise?
As my hon.
Friend has set out, since Labour came to power, we have seen waiting lists continue to fall, with our 2 million new appointments, but the Scottish people have not seen the same benefits.
Luckily, though, they do not need to wait long to vote for a Labour Government with a plan to change that.
If he will bring forward legislative proposals to introduce a legal duty of candour on public bodies.
We are fully committed to introducing a Hillsborough law, including a legal duty of candour for public servants and criminal sanctions for those who refuse to comply.
We have been engaging with the families and we will continue to do so.
There is a long list of MPs, Ministers and Prime Ministers on both sides of the House who enabled the establishment cover-up at Hillsborough, which denied justice to the victims and survivors.
There have been only a few honourable exceptions of politicians who did the right thing.
The establishment is a powerful force, and it takes real courage to confront its deep-rooted fear of accountability.
Given that the Government have so far failed to deliver their promise to enact the Hillsborough law, does the Minister recognise that this is a continuation of the betrayal of the Hillsborough families, survivors and all those affected by state cover-ups?
If he does recognise that, will he support the Second Reading of the Hillsborough law that I have tabled tomorrow —and if not, why not?
First, I pay tribute to the work that my hon.
Friend has done.
I know that he speaks on this matter from lived experience.
He is, has been and will continue to be, an extraordinarily powerful advocate for the Hillsborough families.
The assurance that I give him is that the Government are absolutely determined to get this right.
What support his Department is providing to local partnerships to improve public service delivery.
One of the best parts of my job is to travel round the country and see the amazing work that local public service partnerships are doing.
Our test, learn and grow programme has been set up to get behind frontline innovators and to trial new approaches.
This brings together central Government with those on the frontline—local councils and communities—so that we can learn from what is working and then scale it up to improve things for people.
It is really good to hear about that partnership working with local communities and local government.
In June, I had the privilege of going to the launch of a new innovative partnership between the University of Surrey and Guildford and Waverley borough councils, which is seeking to apply the university’s global research expertise to real-world problems faced by local communities, from creating better housing to addressing the shortage of planners.
How will the Government support important initiatives like this, which seek to deliver on the Government’s aim to innovate and improve public service delivery and which matter even more as local government reorganisation progresses across Surrey?
As I said, one of the best parts of my job is getting to visit amazing projects like that partnership, and I would be delighted to see the work that is happening there.
Our missions are not just for Government but for the whole country.
We need councils, universities and  communities to come together, so that partnership is incredibly important.
As I set out, the test, learn and grow programme is about finding those innovators and partnerships and spreading great practice.
I look forward to hearing more about it.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
Two weeks ago, we set out our plans to make sure that the billions this Government are investing in roads, hospitals and railways will mean good jobs, skills and opportunities in communities around the UK.
Our plans will recognise industries that are critical to our national security, protecting UK resilience in sectors such as steel and energy.
Creating high-quality British jobs and boosting skills in local communities will be key requirements for companies to win contracts for large infrastructure projects.