What steps he is taking to improve co-operation with devolved Governments.
The Government are committed to working with all levels of government to deliver for people across the whole United Kingdom.
In the last few weeks, I attended the Interparliamentary Forum to speak with colleagues from across the four legislatures, and I have held productive discussions with devolved Government colleagues on our trade strategy.
This Labour Government understand the importance of partnership in power.
One year on, I welcome that this partnership has delivered record funding for Wales to improve our railways, protect coal tips, and boost our economy and our public services.
At the general election, we rightly recognised that the Welsh fiscal framework is outdated.
Please could the Minister provide an update on the progress being made to address this?
I can give my hon.
Friend the undertaking he seeks.
We are committed to working in partnership with the Welsh Government to ensure that the framework is brought up to date and delivers value for money.
My officials are supporting His Majesty’s Treasury on how the framework can be updated, and that work is ongoing.
Are the Government still committed to one civil service across the United Kingdom?
If so, what are they proactively doing to ensure that as part of their career development, UK Government civil servants can work within the devolved Administrations and that those within the devolved Administrations can have roles within the UK Government?
I pay tribute to the work of the civil service, not just for the UK Government but across the United Kingdom.
Civil servants do tireless work on behalf of the public each and every day and are a critical part of this Government’s determination to deliver significant change for the country and drive forward the missions we have defined.
To the right hon.
Member’s question, in the early years of devolution there was a lot more interchange between the home civil service here in London and the civil service in offices such as those in Edinburgh, Belfast and Cardiff.
I know that thought is being given to how we ensure that there is the right expertise in the right parts of the country, and there is an information exchange on how to get this right.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national security.
Last month, on behalf of the Prime Minister, I made a statement in the House announcing the national security strategy.
That coincided with the NATO summit attended by the Prime Minister.
At its heart, the strategy has three pillars: security at home, strength abroad and increasing our sovereign and asymmetric capabilities.
My Department will lead on the co-ordination of that work, which applies not just in the Cabinet Office but right across Government.
Cyber-security is vital, not just to our national security but to safeguarding our public services, so I am delighted that the Government are investing in the sector through their cyber growth action plan.
Some of that investment is going into my neighbouring town, Cheltenham, but there are so many fantastic opportunities, and potential opportunities, in my city of Gloucester.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how my constituents can access those opportunities and secure the well-paid, high-skilled jobs of the future?
Recent events have shown just how important cyber-security is.
We have over 2,000 businesses across the UK generating revenues of an estimated £13 billion and 67,000 jobs in this field.
We are also a large exporter of cyber-products.
The truth is that we need training and capability in this new area of defence.
I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with a relevant Minister.
The BBC covered the Government’s publication of the national security strategy last month with the headline “UK must prepare for war scenario”.
Often, the public will read an alarming headline like that without reading about the context, or about what it might mean for them or what they should do about it.
Will the Government draw on academic expertise, such as that at the Centre for the Public Understanding of Defence and Security at the University of Exeter, in engaging with our constituents on this subject?
The hon.
Member makes a very good point about engagement with the public.
Anyone who has watched the news in recent years will know that the defence picture across Europe is changing.
I made a statement to the House earlier this week on the importance of resilience.
Resilience is not just a matter for Government, although the Government do have their responsibilities; it is a whole-of-society effort, and it will require proper dialogue and communication with the public.
What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
Yesterday, the infected blood inquiry published an additional report on compensation.
The Government will now urgently work through its recommendations and work closely with the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to understand the delivery implications and any policy changes to the scheme.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I hope to provide a further update to the House before the summer recess.
Two thousand and forty-three people have been asked to start their compensation claim and 616 offers of compensation have been made, totalling over £488 million.
Last week, the Government wrote to the Public Accounts Committee and the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee outlining the steps that the Government are taking to remove administrative barriers to allow IBCA to speed up payments.