Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster confirm that civil servants should not engage in public fundraising for political parties?
We all know the rules for civil servants.
I think I know who he is referring to, and let me anticipate the hon.
Member’s next question: the person is doing a wonderful job.
Well, I will just fill in the House.
For those who are not as well informed as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the simple fact is that senior civil servants should not be engaged in public fundraising from public speaking for political parties.
It has been reported that on  23 June , Lord Mandelson, who the Government classify as a senior civil servant, spoke at a Labour fundraising event.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster assure the House that this breach will be properly investigated and treated?
I believe there has been correspondence to the Cabinet Secretary about this.
He will reply in due course, but let me add this: Lord Mandelson is doing an excellent job as our ambassador to the United States.
He was integral to the negotiation of the trade agreement with the United States and is a great asset to the Government and the country.
My constituent Andy is one of several former civil servants in my constituency affected by the McCloud judgment.
Like many of them, he is still waiting to receive his hard- earned pension, and the delay is causing serious distress.
While Andy recovers from major surgery, he now faces financial hardship due to many missed deadlines and delays.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss Andy’s case and the cases of three other constituents affected who have contacted me to ensure that their cases are resolved urgently?
I was deeply sorry to hear about Andy’s circumstances, and I will of course meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this case.
I have asked to be kept personally updated on the case following the letter from my hon.
Friend.
The Cabinet Office continues to stress the importance of contractual performance to the MyCSP administrator.
What steps is the Cabinet Office taking to ensure that all public bodies adopt robust cyber-security frameworks, and what is the timetable to ensure their compliance?
As I said a few moments ago, the recent cyber-attacks have been a wake-up call to Government, business and the whole of society.
This is part of our national defence, and it is taken extremely seriously.
The National Cyber Security Centre works with victims of these attacks and gives advice in peacetime, as it were, as to how businesses can best defend themselves against these rogue operators who try to extort them.
I was recently made aware by GE Vernova that its UK-based, lower-cost bid for the eastern green link 3 was passed over in favour of a higher-cost overseas supplier.
Would the Minister meet me and GE Vernova to discuss current procurement policy and whether it does enough to support UK manufacturing and to ensure our energy security and net zero commitments?
While I cannot comment on the individual procurement, I can say that we are changing procurement rules to strengthen the focus on British jobs and skills and to support British industries critical to our national security like energy.
We are consulting on this at the moment, and I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend and the company to discuss this further.
It is a constant complaint from my businesses in Harrow that if they are not on the Government-approved list they almost cannot get a Government contract.
What action will the Minister take to ensure that new firms, including new small and medium-sized enterprises, can actually get contracts and keep jobs in the UK?
I absolutely agree that we need to support SMEs, which is why we set targets for all Departments on SME and voluntary, community and social enterprises spend.
It is why we are reviewing the rules to make it easier for SMEs to get on to Government contracts, and why we are consulting on new plans to set targets for the entire public sector on SME spend.
Earlier this year, the Government published their national procurement policy statement.
Given that economic growth is this Government’s No. 1 mission, will the Minister update the House on how the new approach to procurement will ensure we deliver economic growth in every corner of this country, especially in the central belt, Forth valley and Falkirk?
I really welcome the House’s continuing enthusiasm and support for procurement.
We have listened to that and are taking it seriously, which is why we set out, as I said a couple of weeks ago, further changes to procurement rules to respond to all those points about supporting SMEs, supporting British jobs and supporting British skills.
Can the Minister confirm the amount of money that has been saved as a result of the changes I brought in to the equality, diversity and inclusion guidance in the civil service?
Will he also say if he will be maintaining those changes, or does he seek to overturn that policy?
I am not seeking to overturn that, but we want to have a system where we uphold the equality law that applies to the civil service, just as it applies throughout the public sector.
Further to the answer given by the Paymaster General regarding the contaminated blood inquiry, I welcome that he will update the House when he has had an opportunity to digest yesterday’s report, but can I have an assurance from him that it will not be on the last sitting day before recess?
I may be in the hands of Mr Speaker so I will certainly not tread on to which days I will be permitted to do so, but definitely before the summer recess.
Mr Speaker, as you are well aware, Bridlington is the lobster capital of Europe, so there is understandable outrage at the recent Government decision to sell out the UK fishing industry for the next 12 years in return for a sanitary and phytosanitary deal that is yet to be negotiated.
Is that just another example of the shambolic way this Government do business?
No, absolutely not.
What we have, first of all, is a multi-year deal with stability, which will give the opportunity for investment.
The Government will then invest £360 million in coastal communities and updating the fleet.
If the hon.
Gentleman is opposed to that, he should say so—surely, he is not.
And the SPS agreement will allow our catch to be sold far more easily to the EU—by the way, 70% of our catch currently goes to the EU.
He should be welcoming that.