We have set out plans to strengthen and streamline social values, so that we are absolutely clear about the expectations on businesses to support jobs, skills and opportunities—namely opportunities for our young people to get into good quality work in communities like my hon.
Friend’s.
I think the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I are politically completely at one,   because if it was down the two of us, we would relocate all civil servants to Wolverhampton and Staffordshire.
What is also incredibly important is Ministers being in those offices.
Will he commit to publishing the details of ministerial attendance in offices outside London, including how long they stayed in those offices?
I am not sure I will.
While Ministers should attend on occasion, Ministers having to be in a certain place just to keep up with a published record is not the best use of their time.
I very much welcome civil servants working in Wolverhampton.
The Cabinet Office has a fantastic building in Glasgow, which I have enjoyed visiting and working in on several occasions.
I was disappointed that the UK Government did not go ahead with proposals for a Glasgow campus for UK Government offices.
One reason behind that proposal was upgrading the facilities available to Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office staff who are located at Abercrombie House in East Kilbride, which had been assessed as lacking the facilities required to be a second FCDO headquarters.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster work with the FCDO to ensure that that investment goes into Abercrombie House so that it can be a second headquarters?
If the right hon.
Gentleman’s ambition is to move the staff out of East Kilbride, he should perhaps have a word with my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride and Strathaven (Joani Reid) .
We have good locations in both Glasgow and East Kilbride, and we welcome them both.
To refer to the previous question, I recently spent time working in the East Kilbride office.
I hope that it is a good home for civil servants for some time to come.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the UK-France nuclear partnership.
The UK and France have a proud history of co-operation on defence nuclear matters.
Alongside our conventional warfighting capability, the independent strategic nuclear forces of the UK and France contribute significantly to the overall security of the NATO alliance and the Euro-Atlantic.
Since 1995, we have stated that we do not see situations arising in which the vital interests of one could be threatened without the vital interests of the other also being threatened.
In 2010, both nations agreed to share research facilities and co-operate on nuclear technology under the Lancaster House treaties.
In 2022, at Chatham House, the Defence Secretary set out the importance of rebooting Lancaster House and our defence relationship with France.
That was reaffirmed in our 2024 manifesto.
Today, the Prime Minister and President Emmanuel Macron will agree to deepen their nuclear co-operation and work more closely than ever before on nuclear deterrence.
That is an important step forward for the UK-France nuclear partnership, and reflects the significant improvement in the relationship between our two countries that this Government have driven.
A soon-to-be-signed declaration will state for the first time that the respective deterrents of both countries are independent but can be co-ordinated.
The declaration will also affirm that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by both nations.
As such, any adversary threatening the vital interests of Britain or France could be confronted by the strength of the nuclear forces of both nations.
Co-operation between our countries on nuclear research will also deepen, while we work together to uphold the international non-proliferation architecture.
Further details will follow today’s agreement.
In an increasingly volatile and complex global security environment, exemplified by Russia’s war of aggression in Ukraine—a war on the European continent—the UK and France, as Europe’s two nuclear powers, are united in our determination to work closer than ever before on nuclear deterrence.
That is a manifesto commitment, a promise made and a promise kept, and yet another example of how the Government are delivering for defence.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I do think it is incredible that we have had to find out about such substantive matters overnight from the press and without a statement from the Government.
We Conservatives back our nuclear deterrent 100% and have never wavered on that.
We support steps that boost the resilience of our nuclear enterprise, diversify delivery and, above all, help our core continuous at-sea deterrence to remain the cornerstone of our homeland defence against the most extreme threats.
We also welcome steps to genuinely strengthen UK-French co-operation on defence, building on Lancaster House.
In particular, having been the Government who first authorised provision  of long-range Storm Shadow missiles to Ukraine, we recognise the urgent need to replenish our own Storm Shadow stocks, which is in the press release.
Can the Minister confirm whether we are placing orders for new Storm Shadow missiles from MBDA or simply reconditioning existing stocks?
The nuclear aspect of this is by far the most significant.
Can the Minister confirm where this will leave the operationally independent and sovereign nature of our existing Trident nuclear deterrent?
The Telegraph quotes the declaration—which, of course, we have not seen—as saying that both nuclear arsenals “remain independent but can be co-ordinated and that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by both nations”.
Does this mean that our respective national deterrence will now be jointly operationally delivered, and how will that co-ordination take place in practice?
Crucially, how does this new nuclear doctrine affect NATO and our very close co-operation on nuclear deterrence with the United States?
Will France now be offering its nuclear deterrent to NATO, as we do?
Perhaps most importantly, will France be joining the NATO Nuclear Planning Group?
On the matter of tactical nuclear weapons, I have previously asked about options other than US-controlled gravity bombs, with no reply.
Given the announcement on Storm Shadow and MBDA, will the UK and France now be looking at co-operation on tactical nuclear delivery options via our shared complex weapons industrial base?
A particular concern of the Opposition is that there appears to be a deep paradox at play here: talk of closer co-operation with France, but in the background, the Government still getting nowhere on access to hard cash from the European rearmament fund, despite having given up our sovereign fishing grounds.
To conclude, it is truly extraordinary that such significant defence developments do not warrant a Government statement, so the Minister must now be as transparent as possible in answering our questions—not least after weeks dominated by smoke and mirrors on defence spending and chaotic U-turns on welfare that raise the most profound question of all: where is the money going to come from?
There has not been a statement yet because the agreement has not been signed yet.
In fact— You’re briefing it to the press.
If the right hon.
Gentleman would like to listen to the reply, the agreement has not been signed yet.
I am sure that as soon as it is signed— But it has been briefed to the press.
I am sure that as soon as it is signed—[Interruption.]
The shadow Minister has asked his questions.
I would like to try to answer them without him heckling me too much, although it is up to him how he behaves.
No, it will be up to me.
Indeed.
The shadow Minister asked whether the idea that we should work more closely with France has any implications for the independence of Trident, and he referred to the phrase “independent but can be co-ordinated”.
The answer is no.
Our CASD operations are entirely unaffected.
This is not a new nuclear doctrine on behalf of the UK.
Our nuclear doctrine is the same as it ever has been.
The use of our nuclear deterrent in any circumstances can only be authorised by the Prime Minister, and that remains the case.
The French have their own arrangements for how they authorise theirs; it is a matter for them.
This agreement implies no co-ordination in that respect.
The agreement says that there is an opportunity, when vital interests are affected, for co-ordination between both nations in the way in which they respond.
That just strengthens the power of the deterrent across Europe.
When two nations that are nuclear powers can co-ordinate their responses, it strengthens the deterrent against our potential enemies by making it clear that the two nations will act in co-ordination rather than entirely separately.
The shadow Minister asked whether the agreement has any implications for our deterrent still being dedicated to NATO.
It does not; our deterrent is, of course, still dedicated to the defence of NATO.
He referred again to tactical nuclear delivery options.
I do not know whether he meant tactical nuclear weapons development.
This Government do not see any use of any kind of nuclear weapon as tactical, and we are not proposing in this agreement to develop any new kinds of nuclear weapons.
It is about co-ordinating the options that we have together to make Europe and the north Atlantic stronger.