The Prime Minister’s Budget raised taxes, borrowing and public spending as a strategy for economic growth.
When will he accept the words of one Labour Prime Minister in the 1970s, who explained to a Labour conference that “in all candour…that option no longer exists”, and that the only way to obtain sustained economic growth is by cutting taxes and regulation?
The hon.
Gentleman must have missed recent reports.
The Office for National Statistics has just said that we have the highest investment in 19 years; PwC has just said that this is the second-best place to invest in the world; and the International Monetary Fund has just upgraded growth, now saying we are predicted to be the fastest growing major European economy.
Wages are up and inflation is down—that is after just six months.
Kettering general hospital is where I was born and cared for as a premature baby, but after 14 years of the Conservatives underfunding the NHS, that same maternity ward is partially closed because of reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
After giving birth, mothers are transported outside, through the car park, to receive post-natal care.
Will the Prime Minister visit Kettering general to discuss how we can support services, like the maternity ward, while we await our rebuild?
My hon.
Friend has been a determined champion of Kettering general hospital, and rightly so.
There is deep anger about the delay to the work because of the Conservative’s failure to have a plan, but while we implement our affordable and deliverable plan to build a new hospital, I can reassure her that the RAAC identified at Kettering general is being mitigated and replaced through the national RAAC programme.
Before Christmas, Lord Robertson, who is leading the strategic defence review, came before the Defence Committee and told us that he could not guarantee that the strategic outcomes from the review would be fully funded.
Recently, we have also heard in media reports that the review might be delayed until the autumn—a delay of six months.
Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to state categorically to the House that the strategic defence review, with its important requirements for the defence of our nation, will be fully funded and delivered on time?
We are committed to that because this is a serious review into our defence.
The review needs to ensure we understand the challenges we face and have the capability to deal with those challenges in the modern era, so that is the exercise that is going through.
We have committed to the path to 2.5%.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the last time 2.5% of GDP was spent on defence was under the last Labour Government, and that is the difference between the approach on this side of the House and the approach on that side of the House.
Huddersfield royal infirmary has recently reduced its elective waiting list from a high of 4,000 to just 20.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to NHS staff at my local hospital?
Will he ensure that the NHS learns from the HRI’s innovative approaches, such as the use of AI for scans and its partnership with the University of Huddersfield’s national health and innovation campus?
When the Prime Minister does his hospital tour, may I also invite him to Huddersfield to see the transformative work being done?