In what is supposed to be a honeymoon period for a new Government, the Prime Minister has sacked his chief of staff, forced his City Minister and his Transport Secretary to resign, while No. 10 has been briefing against the Pensions   Secretary, the Home Secretary and the Education Secretary.
Is it not time that the Prime Minister accepts that the root causes at the heart of his Government are with him, not them?
We have just won a landslide victory and we have massive majority.
We are getting on with the job—[Interruption.]
Look at the sheer number of Ministers that the Conservatives got through on a yearly basis, causing instability in every conceivable Department.
In 2016, I was diagnosed with colon cancer and had excellent treatment at Huddersfield royal infirmary.
I was one of the lucky ones, because after 2015 the Tory Government failed in the fight against cancer, with over 380,000 patients in England not treated on time.
What assurance can the Prime Minister offer Colne Valley residents that the reforms and extra investment he has announced will address that issue?
I wish my hon.
Friend a speedy recovery from his recent treatment, and I thank the doctors and nurses who treated him.
Under the previous Government, there was no progress made in diagnosing cancer at stage 1 and 2 between 2013 and 2021.
That is an appalling inheritance.
We are spending £1.5 billion on new surgical hubs and diagnostic scanners to ensure cancer patients get the care they need.
Eating disorders are the mental health disorder with the highest mortality rate, and we have at least 1.2 million sufferers.
Some are being told that they are now too ill to be treated, yet eating disorders are entirely treatable.
Today the all-party parliamentary group on eating disorders is publishing its report on how to make eating disorder services fit for purpose.
May I ask the Prime Minister to pay very close attention to that report?
Let me start by recognising the hon.
Lady’s dedicated work and campaigning on this issue for many years.
NHS England is expanding eating disorder treatment services, including crisis care and intensive home treatment, and, as she knows, the Online Safety Act 2023 will prevent children from encountering harmful content that promotes eating disorders to services.
Obviously, we will look very carefully at the report and consider its recommendations.
In the past few days, Luton has suffered two stabbings.
In addition, one woman has been murdered and another seriously injured, and a manhunt for the suspect is currently under way.
This January alone, there have been at least 12 recorded violent offences in Luton.
After decades of being funded as a rural police force, Bedfordshire Police has had to make do with special grants to tackle serious and violent crime.
Does the Prime Minister agree that proper police funding is essential to keeping people in Luton North safe, and will he ensure that Bedfordshire Police receives the grants that we need to fight crime on our streets?