Across England, 95,000 students attend non-academised sixth-form colleges.
Of those colleges, 32 are currently on strike because the Government did not settle the funding for them last summer.
Can the Prime Minister tell me whether he intended to create a two-tier education system for sixth-form students who are victims of the covid crisis?
We have put more money into colleges and, as the hon.
Lady knows, it is for them to deal with these disputes.
From Stafford to Eccleshall and Loggerheads, my constituents are sick and tired of having their properties and businesses devastated  by flooding.
The last Conservative Government did not invest enough in flood prevention measures to stop this happening.
Can the Prime Minister assure me and my constituents that he will prioritise flood prevention investment before the homes and businesses on Sandon Road in Stafford disappear completely into Sandyford brook?
My sympathies go to my hon.
Friend’s constituents; far too many are experiencing terrible flooding.
I visited Stafford last year, and they talked me through the misery of their experience.
We inherited flood defences in their worst condition on record.
We are now investing £2.4 million in flood defences to better protect communities, and we have committed £60 million to support farmers impacted by extreme weather.
Two-year mortgages have hit 5%, borrowing is billions of pounds above forecast and retail sales have slumped.
Does the Prime Minister still believe that the Chancellor is doing a good job?
I thought the hon.
Lady was just reading out the last Government’s record.
Before the last election, the Conservatives baselessly promised a fully funded scheme to deliver a new Watford hospital—something they failed to achieve in 14 years.
Does the Prime Minister share my frustration, and that of my constituents, that the Conservatives unforgivably failed to budget for its construction?
Watford will only get its new hospital built and paid for thanks to the properly planned approach of this Labour Government.
I am not surprised that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are frustrated.
There was never a plan; the funding only ever existed in Boris Johnson’s imagination.
It was pure fiction and the Conservatives know it.
We have an affordable delivery plan to build these new hospitals, including Watford general, and we will be getting on with it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if he will make a statement on the position of the chairman of the Competition and Markets Authority.
Following the resignation of the chair of the Competition and Markets Authority, Marcus Bokkerink, the Secretary of State has appointed Doug Gurr as the interim chair for a period of up to 18 months while our new permanent chair is appointed.
The Secretary of State has expressed his gratitude for Marcus’s leadership of the board of the CMA since his appointment in September 2022, and for the work of the CMA in that time, particularly in response to cost of living pressures.
As the Prime Minister set out in his speech at the international investment summit, this Government will ensure that every regulator in the UK focuses on growth.
Given Doug Gurr’s background and experience as an entrepreneur and business leader, and his clear under-standing of the importance of new and developing technologies such as artificial intelligence, he will bring the necessary strategic leadership to the CMA to enable it to promote growth for the benefit of businesses and consumers.
As set out in the industrial strategy Green Paper, the Government will shortly be consulting on a new growth-focused strategic steer for the CMA.
While respecting the independence of the CMA and the decision making of its panel members, the steer will be clear about the Government’s expectations of the CMA in supporting growth across the economy.