The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to strengthen the Union.
I am sure everyone across the House would like to join me in paying tribute to the late, great Denis Law.
A hero to many Scots and particularly to football fans, the Lawman scored 30 international goals in 55 appearances for Scotland and is the only Scot to win the Ballon d’Or.
We send our sincere condolences to his family, friends and former colleagues.
I also want to wish everyone a very happy Burns Day for Saturday.
We celebrated with two fantastic events in the Scotland Office this week
and I was pleased that so many Members from across the House were able to join us.
I also want to register that it is Holocaust Memorial Day next week.
On the 80th anniversary, we all reaffirm in this House that we will never, ever forget.
An economic plan for change will bring growth and economic opportunity to all parts of the country.
I am proud that in the last six months we have brought Great British Energy to Scotland, secured the Commonwealth games in Glasgow, launched “Brand Scotland”, delivered a pay rise for hundreds of thousands of Scottish workers and increased the state pension through our commitment to the triple lock.
We promised in our manifesto to end austerity, and with £4.9 billion extra for the Scottish Government, that promise is delivered.
I associate myself with my right hon.
Friend’s comments.
Further to what he has just said, will he assure me that after 14 years of obstruction from the Conservative party, this UK Labour Government will work with our Scottish and Welsh colleagues to deliver the change that the country voted for, as part of a whole-UK approach?
Unfortunately, the previous Government left office with living standards at their lowest level since the 1950s.
In contrast, we are determined to deliver economic growth and raise living standards in every part of the United Kingdom so working people have more money in their pockets.
I meet the Deputy First Minister regularly to go over joint issues for the two Governments to deliver for the people of Scotland.
Surely the best way for them to strengthen the Union is for  the UK and Scottish Governments to work together on issues that need pressing attention, such as immigration and demography.
Twenty years ago, there was a fresh start initiative.
Today, the First Minister will launch his plans to get graduates from all over the world to come to Scotland.
Will the Secretary of State encourage the Home Office to work with the Scottish Government to achieve that?
We have reset the relationship with the Scottish Government.
I think I spend more time with the Deputy First Minister than the hon.
Gentleman does.
I suspect he should spend more time with those on his own side discussing issues of interest to the Scottish people.
We are determined to deliver, and we will do that in partnership.
That is what resetting the relationship is all about.