May I associate myself and the Official Opposition with the Secretary of State’s comments regarding Denis Law, a proud son of Aberdeen who never forgot his home town?
Indeed, his legacy lives on through the Denis Law Trust, which does such good work with young people in and around the city.
This Saturday, the National Farmers Union of Scotland is planning a national day of action in protest at the pernicious, ill thought through and destructive changes   to agricultural property relief and its threat to the future of family farms in Scotland.
I will be attending the local rally in Aberdeenshire to show my and my party’s support of our farmers.
I notice that the Edinburgh rally is taking place but a few miles from the Secretary of State’s own constituency in Ingliston.
Does the Minister know whether he will be attending the rally?
We are in ongoing discussions with the National Farmers Union of Scotland.
As I have said, I am proactively attending its conference next month.
I am slightly surprised to hear the shadow Secretary of State talking about the changes in the Budget and not welcoming their announcement or, indeed, their implications, such as the International Monetary Fund and the OECD both predicting that Britain will be Europe’s fastest-growing economy in the coming years.
The UK is the only G7 economy, apart from the US, to have had its growth forecast upgraded by the IMF for this year.
It has also gone ahead of Germany, China and India to become the second most attractive company for global investment, trailing only the US, according to PwC’s annual survey.
If he wants to talk about— Minister, please!
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Of course we do not agree with the policy in the Budget; the policy is purely wrong.
Farmers were not consulted on it.
Indeed, they were misled by the Labour party when they were told that this would not happen.
It will lead to the demise of the family farm and undermine our food security, as farmers will simply stop farming.
The concern, worry and fear that these changes have wrought on Scotland’s farmers are real and are on these Ministers and their Government.
If the Secretary of State will not attend the rally this weekend, will he and the Minister at least use their position as Scotland’s man and woman at the Cabinet table to urge their colleagues to do as the NFU asked, which is to stop, reset, reflect, properly engage and consult on an alternative approach to stop this change?
As the hon.
Member is perfectly aware, the majority of estates will not be affected.
We are in ongoing conversations with the National Farmers Union of Scotland.
We have asked it to come forward with some worked examples of estates that may be impacted.
It has not done so yet.
Of course, we will continue with our ongoing conversations, but the majority of estates will not be affected.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help promote Scotland internationally.
Promoting Scotland internationally is one of my four priorities.
Brand Scotland is the Scotland Office’s programme of international trade and investment.
Promotion is about selling Scotland to the world.
We have been to Norway, Singapore and Malaysia, and we plan to be in the US in April.
This is an initiative for the whole of Government, We work closely with Department for Business and Trade and Foreign, Commonwealth  and Development Office colleagues in particular.
Additionally, I have met many foreign ambassadors and high commissioners in the past few months.
This week, I have hosted members of the diplomatic corps at Dover House to discuss Scotland’s offer to the world.
Tech companies such as Calnex in my constituency export around the world, including to the US and south-east Asia.
On his recent visit to south-east Asia in November, what representations did the Secretary of State make to promote Brand Scotland, specifically in the tech sector, and will he join me on a visit to Calnex to hear about the vital work that it does to support digital infrastructure?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for consistently raising the interests of her constituents in this House, and for the manner in which she does so.
Technology was a key theme of my recent visit to Malaysia and Singapore.
I had productive meetings with Ministers from both Governments and major companies in the region to discuss how Scotland can share its world-leading technological expertise with both countries.
I encourage Calnex to engage with the Scotland Office and the national wealth fund.
If my hon.
Friend writes to me, we can make the relevant introductions to the company.
When President Trump visited Scotland during his first presidency, I was tasked with officially welcoming him.
The details of that will appear in my memoirs, but while we may disagree with President Trump on many specific issues, it is clear that he has a deep affection for Scotland, due to the birth of his mother on the Isle of Lewis, and his huge investment in Scottish golf at Turnberry and in the north-east, so what will the Secretary of State do to encourage economic benefit during the second Trump presidency?
The President does have a deep affection for Scotland.
I am sure that he also had a deep affection for the right hon.
Gentleman, which I hope will appear in his memoirs.
I am sure that there will be some rare unsigned copies for people to buy when they are published.