The Government are right to say that bold and ambitious steps are needed to get our economy growing again, especially after the damage caused by the previous Conservative Government, but we must also recognise that fair competition is the lifeblood of our market economy, which helps to drive innovation and ensures that economic benefits reach consumers.
Does the Minister agree that ensuring proper competition in the economy is vital to achieving sustained growth?
I also note that the new interim chair’s prior experience includes running Amazon’s UK business.
Will the Minister guarantee that the digital markets unit within the CMA will be backed to hold powerful tech giants accountable, for the benefit of customers in Wokingham and across the UK?
We are absolutely clear that we need to protect consumers, but we also need to drive growth.
The new interim chair’s experience will be really important in helping us to understand how the tech companies will move forward, and his chairmanship of the Alan Turing Institute gives him valuable experience to bring to the table in delivering on that.
I should declare an interest, having worked for a competition regulator for a number of years before entering Parliament.
I suggest that the Minister does not take any competition policy lessons from the Conservatives, who oversaw the re-monopolisation of the broadband network, the consolidation of power within tech networks on an unprecedented scale, and the rise of crony capitalism on a scale not seen before.
Some rumours around this appointment have suggested that it is a signal of a flight away from competition regulation.
Can I urge him to quash those rumours and confirm that this Government believe that competition drives investment, innovation and growth, and that this country is open for investment and new market entry by as many companies as possible?
We absolutely agree that competition is vital for driving investment and growth.
The CMA will remain operationally independent, as it always has been.
The Government seem fascinated by the price of Oasis tickets.
Meanwhile, debt and the cost of debt are soaring.
Should the Government—definitely, not maybe—come up with some ideas of their own for growth, rather than trying to copy the homework of regulators?
We have our own ideas for growth.
We have important planning reforms coming forward, and the industrial strategy, which drives forward the strengths of the UK economy.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s Oasis pun, I think he needs to work a bit harder on that one.
Having spent 15 years dealing with the CMA in my campaign to end the abuse of the secondary ticketing market, I have long felt that the CMA is in desperate need of much stronger and clearer ministerial oversight.
Can the Minister confirm today which Minister will have oversight of the CMA, and that it will be an active role, not a role in name only?