The clear issue here is why the previous chair resigned, and what remit the Minister has given the interim chair to change the policy and direction of the CMA.
Can the Minister outline that remit for the House?
He says he will do it later this year, but he has manoeuvred a position in which the previous chair has resigned.
We need to know what the CMA will be doing now to regulate the market.
The CMA’s operational independence will remain intact.
We have clearly set out that there will be a new strategic steer, which will be about boosting growth.
After conversations, we have decided that new leadership is needed to deliver on that.
I should declare that before entering the House, I advised, as a competition lawyer, on various CMA matters, including investigations and panels.
Some of the criticisms from Conservative Members seem half a world away, to channel Oasis, from both the topic in question and economic reality.
Will the Minister confirm that yesterday’s announcement does not change the independence of the individual CMA panels that deal with matters before the CMA?
I can confirm that the CMA’s operational independence remains intact.
The power vested in large corporations is greater than ever.
Tech giants are exerting monopolistic power over the market, so I am becoming exasperated with the Government’s Thatcherite-like attitude towards deregulation.
Do the Government understand the risks involved in going for short-term boosts to growth over long-term stability of the economic market?
I would not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation at all, and I am sure that Conservative Members would not, either.
We announced only this morning that we will take action against Amazon on knife sales, so I do not think the characterisation that we are in the pocket of big tech is at all accurate.
The CMA took far too long to reach a decision on the Vodafone and Three merger.
This slowed down the roll-out of 5G across all our constituencies and was a drag on growth.
How can regulators be pushed to ensure that their decisions lead to growth?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to give the business community confidence that decisions will be made quickly to provide certainty, so that it can move forward with investments for the benefit of the whole economy.
What will be the impact on growth of a record number of millionaires having left the UK since the Budget?
That is a very interesting question.
I am not sure that the CMA’s role is to monitor the number of millionaires leaving the country.
In 2023, after the CMA blocked a particular merger, the last Conservative Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , said that it must “understand their wider responsibilities”.
He also said: “I do think it’s important all our regulators understand their wider responsibilities for economic growth.”
He was right, was he not?
Yes, he was right.
That is the message that the Prime Minister sent out to the regulators at the investment summit, and it is why they have been invited   in to give their ideas on growth.
We do not think that asking regulators how they are going to stimulate growth is a problem—that is the No. 1 mission of this Government, and everyone should be signed up to delivering on it.