The Prime Minister has been clear, along with the Foreign Secretary, who has met President Trump and has been working very closely with the transition team, that Scotland is a key marketplace for the USA.
It is not in anybody’s interest, here in the United Kingdom or indeed in America, for tariffs to be put on Scottish goods.
We are working very closely with both the Government here and the Government in America to ensure that does not happen.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the “Make Work Pay” initiative on workers in Scotland.
Our plan for change will benefit workers in Scotland more than most.
More than 100,000 workers in Scotland on zero-hours contracts could benefit from the Employment Rights Bill.
The Bill will have significant  benefits for workers in insecure and low-paid jobs, and central Scotland is one area where those workers will stand to benefit the most.
In 2023, the Low Pay Commission estimated that approximately 13,500 employees who lived in Glasgow were paid at or below the relevant minimum wage—4.8% of all employees living in the city.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of the Government’s “Make Work Pay” initiative for those workers and others in Scotland?
The increase in the national minimum wage is delivering on our commitment from day one in government that work should always pay.
Modernising the UK labour market, including through extra pay and secure jobs, is at the heart of rebuilding our economy and will help us to achieve our plan for long-term national renewal and growth.
In addition to the more than 13,000 workers in Glasgow my hon.
Friend mentioned, national minimum wage increases will benefit workers across Scotland, with more than 4,000 in Dundee, 4,400 in the highlands and 2,900 in the Scottish Borders set to benefit, to name just a few.
The Government’s Employment Rights Bill will increase costs on small and medium-sized enterprises by £5 billion a year.
It will make it easier to strike, and easier for employees to sue their employers.
Combined with the tax rises announced in the Budget, is it not inevitable that this Labour Government will increase unemployment?
The hon.
Gentleman might not be aware that unemployment actually came down in Scotland this week.
We promised that there would be no return to austerity, and workers’ payslips across Scotland were indeed protected in the Budget.
More than half of employees will see either a cut or no change in their national insurance bill.
The smallest businesses and charities are protected, and our decision to increase employer national insurance will raise more than £25 billion to help to rebuild Britain.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on support for the green energy sector in Scotland.
I am in regular contact with ministerial colleagues from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero on a range of issues relevant to clean energy production in Scotland.
Scotland is key to the UK Government’s clean power by 2030 mission, which will deliver cheaper bills, energy security and future jobs, and drive growth in the Scottish economy.
The roll-out of offshore renewables in Scotland should happen alongside the growth of supply chains there.
That is vital if the energy transition is to deliver jobs and investment in Scotland’s oil and gas communities.
It is welcome that the Government have allocated £200 million to a clean industry bonus, but that falls short of the £500 million that Labour pledged in its manifesto.
How do the Government plan to strengthen the clean industry bonus to build thriving renewable manufacturing in the UK?
It is a very good question, because our clean power by 2030 mission will ensure that the Government can deliver that.
GB Energy has been set up to look at supply chains and all the other issues around how we do so.
I hope that GB Energy will be able to look at some of those issues in the round, but the key thing is to ensure that we have the supply chain infrastructure to be able to deliver that mission.
Order.
Can Members who are just roaming around the Chamber remember that there are other people here and have a little more courtesy?
If the Grangemouth refinery closes in 2025 and the recommendations of Project Willow will not be ready for years to come, thousands of jobs will be lost—the very definition of an unjust transition.
How can the Government possibly claim to have a credible industrial strategy for Scotland if they allow that to happen?
The closure of the Grangemouth refinery is regrettable.
My hon.
Friend needs to reflect on the fact that the previous Government and the Scottish Government had 32 years combined to do something about Grangemouth and did not lift a finger.
Since we came into government in July, we have got the £100 million Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal over the line and delivered some short-term help for the workers at Grangemouth.
We continue to work with the company and the trade unions on the Grangemouth refinery.
We look forward to Project Willow coming to fruition this month, and the Government are fully committed to ensuring that we see that through.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks about Denis Law, whom I had the pleasure of interviewing more than once in my previous career.