The Secretary of State meets the Deputy First Minister on a regular basis and the inter-ministerial group for environment, food and rural affairs convenes regularly to discuss important issues, including  agriculture.
I am personally looking forward to speaking at the National Farmers Union Scotland conference in February alongside Scottish Government Ministers.
We have been working hard to positively reset relations with the Scottish Government.
The recent Budget saw Scotland receive an above-population share for agriculture, and ringfencing of the budget was removed to respect the devolution settlement.
I look forward to hearing the Minister at the NUFS dinner.
What conversations has she had with the Scottish Government and the Treasury on the agricultural property relief reforms and their impact on tenant farmers?
My understanding from answers to the questions I have asked is that they do not have the same opportunities to ameliorate the APR changes as others do, and it feels like that cohort has been completely forgotten by the Government.
Can we urgently review that, if that is indeed the case?
These reforms still provide a very significant level of tax relief, with the first £1 million of combined business and agriculture assets continuing to receive 100% relief in most cases.
Additional assets will still receive relief at a rate of 50%.
The Budget was designed to protect the payslips of working people while raising record funding for public services in Scotland.
The hon.
Lady should outline where she thinks that money should come from if she thinks that the wealthiest landowners should not be paying more tax.
Inheritance tax is a necessary tax.
That view is tacitly shared by Conservative Members given that they did not lift a finger to abolish it when they were in power.
Do Ministers agree that taxing the most valuable farm estates at half the rate that other inheritance tax payers pay is an essential step to enable record spending on sustainable farming and to deliver record high budget settlements for Scotland?
If Opposition Members disagree, they should go back to their constituencies this weekend and explain what they would cut, rather than waiting until halfway through the fiscal year, as the Scottish Government are prone to do.
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
Opposition Members have told us about how they want to see the benefits of the Budget, but they are not prepared to support any of the tax-raising measures in it.
This Budget secured billions for Scotland, but the SNP voted against that.
It delivered a pay rise for 200,000 of the lowest-paid Scots, but the SNP voted against that.
It ended Tory austerity, and the SNP voted against that.