A key question and one of the topic agenda items that we always have with the Scottish Government is how we can deliver clean power by 2030, because obviously it is a joint endeavour.
The Chancellor was in China last month, and we will work with China when it is in our national interests to do so.
One of the key points is that Great British Energy will be looking in the round at supply chains and at how we can deliver that mission by 2030, but the hon.
Member will be as surprised as I am that the SNP voted against GB Energy and, indeed, the record Budget settlement in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on Scotland.
GB Energy is owned by the public and headquartered in Aberdeen, because Scotland will be at the forefront of the UK becoming the clean energy superpower that it wants to be by 2030.
GB Energy’s activities will support and enhance the delivery of priority supply chains and infrastructure development, helping to speed up the existing Scottish offshore wind pipeline and other clean energy projects.
Eight years ago, Nicola Sturgeon promised a publicly owned energy company, but after spending £500,000 on consultants, the Scottish Government have now dropped the plan.
Does the Secretary of State agree that while Labour ploughs ahead with delivering GB Energy, owned by the British people and headquartered in Scotland, it is the SNP who are breaking their promises and letting down Scotland, our Union and the protection of our planet?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on  being the new mission champion for clean energy.
He  is absolutely right.
While the SNP makes promises it breaks, this Labour Government are determined to deliver for Scotland.
Maybe that is why SNP MPs in this House voted against GB Energy.
We are delivering for Scotland.
We promised GB Energy; that has been delivered.
We promised to end austerity; that has been delivered.
We promised to make work pay; that has been delivered.
While the SNP only delivers managed decline for Scotland, we are getting on with improving the economy.
There are no clear plans for Great British Energy, but there are very clear plans to end new licences for oil and gas in the North sea.
Gary Smith of the GMB has said that stopping new licences is “the employment equivalent of a Grangemouth refinery closing nearly every week from 2025 to 2030.”
When will the Secretary of State stand up for Scotland, oppose the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, protect jobs and ensure that we do not have more imports with higher emissions?
GB Energy is there, with the national wealth fund, to deliver that just transition in clean power by 2030.
Oil and gas in the North sea will be here for decades to come, and I ask the right hon.
Gentleman to work with us to deliver that just transition, rather than scaremongering the workers of the north-east.