Does my hon.
Friend agree that the UK’s economic regulators have a responsibility to ensure supersonic growth in our economy with a pro-business approach, and that this is part of what I would term a responsibility agenda?
We all have a responsibility to ensure the best for our economy, and those regulators do as well.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We all need to be signed up to this agenda, which is absolutely critical for delivering on our aims of getting a better-growing economy, getting more money into people’s pockets, delivering on the promises we have made, and changing the tune after the last 14 years of decline.
Changing personnel is one thing, but when we speak to business, we hear that resolving disputes and the way in which the CMA does so is key.
Could I urge the Minister to look at how disputes are resolved, and whether litigation and an antagonistic approach to business is the best way for the CMA to proceed?
That is a very fair comment.
We need to give businesses certainty and clarity that things will be resolved quickly, so that they have the confidence to make investment decisions.
How does the Department plan to appoint the permanent chair?
The appointment of the permanent chair will take place in the normal manner, as all other appointments do.
An active regulator is essential to securing fair prices for consumers.
Residents of areas such as mine are often at the forefront of rises in petrol prices, and residents of Pontardawe are regularly left wondering why they have to pay 8p more per litre than people in  nearby towns.
Will the Government commit to launching the Pumpwatch petrol price comparison platform, as recommended by the Competition and Markets Authority?
That is a very important point.
Consumers see the petrol prices every time they leave their home in their motor vehicle.
There is a disparity there that sometimes needs explanation, and certainly needs transparency, so I will take that issue up on the hon.
Gentleman’s behalf, and will come back to him on it.
My constituents, particularly those living in Crookfur, have terrible mobile phone signal.
How can the CMA progress the merger between Three and Vodafone, so that we  get the investment in transmitters that we need to improve the mobile phone signal in Crookfur and around the country?
That is certainly something that the CMA has been dealing with, and I am sure that we will be able to provide my hon.
Friend with an update shortly.
Will the Minister ask the Competition and Markets Authority to investigate why we have the highest energy prices in the world, particularly for electricity?
I will certainly pass that request on.
That might be something that Ofgem would also have an interest in.