The Prime Minister thinks that he can distract people from what is wrong with the Bill.
This is not about breakfast clubs and school uniforms.
Teachers and parents will be horrified at just how bad this Bill is.
Even his own MPs may not realise it, but the Bill will cut teachers’ pay—it cuts pay for 20,000 teachers.
His Education Secretary says that there is “not a ceiling” for pay—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are all shaking their heads; they clearly have not read the Bill.
The Education Secretary hasn’t read the Bill either, because clause 45 means that teachers’ pay will be capped.
Did the Prime Minister know that the Bill as it stands will cut teachers’ pay?
We do need flexibility in our schools.
If the Leader of the Opposition had hopped off social media for a while, she would have seen the amendment put down this morning to achieve that end.[Official Report,  28 January 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 2WC.]
(Correction)
She says that the Bill is not about child protection; we had a young child killed who was taken out of school by an abuser.
The Bill closes that gap—that is urgently needed.
We have children who have not gone back to school since covid.
The Bill closes that gap.
She can make her points on academies and we can debate academies, but to vote against the Bill is a disgrace on all Conservative Members.
That is nonsense.
The amendment that the Prime Minister is talking about does not address the issue.
He raises academies, and that is exactly what I am talking about.
Like every parent, I believe that all our children should have the best teachers.
Apart from the issue of cutting teachers’ pay, the head of year 11 at Michaela—the most successful school in the country—came from the armed forces.
The headmistress of that school has said that with Labour’s new rules, she would “never have been able to hire him.”
Those are the academy freedoms that I am talking about.
The Bill would have blocked that veteran from teaching.
The Bill implies that doctors are not sufficiently qualified to teach biology and that an Olympic medallist cannot teach PE.
Why is the Prime Minister closing down routes into teaching when we should be opening up more of them?
The Leader of the Opposition knows that that is not right.
[Interruption.]
No, it is not.
Look at the provisions in the Bill.
To say that teachers in our schools ought to be qualified should not be extraordinary or opposed.
Under the Conservatives’ watch, we had far too many examples of secondary schools missing teachers.
When we needed maths teachers—they championed maths—we did not have enough maths teachers in our secondary schools.
I want every single child to have the best possible education.
The facts speak for themselves: standards went up under Conservative Governments.
What we need to know is who is benefiting.
Everyone is asking: who is benefiting from these changes?
It is not teachers—their pay is being capped.
It is not parents—their choices are being restricted.
It is definitely not children—their outcomes will get worse.
So who is benefiting?
It is the trade unions.
The National Education Union sent out a tick list proving that after a decade and a half, it is finally getting its way.
Why is the Education Secretary allowing trade unions to run her Department and ruin children’s education?
The Bill benefits the children who need the nourishment of a breakfast club.
The Bill benefits the families who cannot afford uniforms.
The Bill benefits the children who are currently out of school and nobody knows where they are.
The Bill will benefit the children who could be taken out of school by abusers were it not to go through.
The Leader of the Opposition should change her mind and support these vital provisions.