Thank you for granting this important urgent question, Mr Speaker.
What a desperate state we are in when the Business Secretary has to phone up the regulators to beg them for ideas to fix the lack of growth that his own Government’s policies have created.
I hope that when the regulators attended the roundtable last week, including the chairman of the CMA, they had the courage to put at the top of their list scrapping the Business Secretary’s 150-page, job-destroying and trade union-inspired Employment Rights Bill; or to point out the jobs tax in the Chancellor’s Budget, Labour’s socialist attacks on inheritance and non-doms, and the family business death tax that is causing one wealth creator to leave this country every 45 minutes; or even to point out that one of the best opportunities that this country has for growth would be to get on a plane to our closest trading partner, the United States, and secure a trade deal, rather than lob juvenile insults at President Trump or fail to invite Elon Musk to the Government’s UK investment summit.
It is certainly the case that, while regulators have a role, they generally depress growth and drive risk aversion, bureaucracy and slow decision making.
Asking regulators  to boost growth is a bit like asking the village speed watch to organise the next British grand prix.
I am a fan of speed watch.
The Conservative party is under new management, and we are unafraid to back wealth creators and risk takers.
We are unashamed to say that we need fewer civil servants and arm’s length regulators so that our businesses carry less dead weight in the global race to be competitive, but dismissing the non-executive, part-time chair of the CMA seems a curious place to start.
He is not responsible for day-to-day decision making at the CMA; that is the job of the chief executive.
Did they aim and miss?
Can the Minister confirm whether there are plans to change the Government’s view on the CMA’s remit, to play the ball and not the man?
What evaluation has there been of all regulators as part of this process, and when will the Government publish it?
I think there were a couple of questions in there about the role of the CMA chair.
Of course, he did not get sacked; he resigned.
A new strategic steer for the CMA will be coming out in due course.
The hon.
Gentleman’s tirade of criticisms of this Government was a bit rich coming from a man who was in the Treasury when the last Government crashed the economy.
I would point out that PwC announced only this week that we were the second most attractive country in the world to invest in, and that the International Monetary Fund last week upgraded our growth predictions for this year.
We are going to be the highest-growing major economy in Europe this year, and that shows our determination to get the growth going, which was something that his Government failed completely on.
Getting the right regulatory environment is vital to drive innovation in our economy and also to protect our consumers and markets.
Does the Minister agree that this renewed focus on the regulatory environment and getting it right to drive our economy will make sure that this Government deliver our No. 1 mission of growth?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Growth is the No. 1 mission for this Government, and getting the balance right between protecting consumers and driving up growth in the economy means that we all benefit.
That is something we are very clear about on this side of the House, and something that the last Government failed to deliver on.