What estimate she has made of the number of households that were in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
The policy on fuel poverty is devolved.
Statistics for England estimate that 3.17 million households were in fuel poverty in 2023, which is more than 1.5 million fewer than in 2010.
The best way to cut fuel poverty is through a nationwide home upgrade scheme, but the Secretary of State seems unaware of the reality when it comes to home upgrades.
Her officials said in recent documents given to the High Court that progress to decarbonise the UK’s building stock has been slow, that policy gaps remain and that the Government are lagging behind.
Why will she not admit in public what her Department tells her in private?
This Government are committed to making sure that we not only get energy efficiency but support people with their energy bills.
Thanks to Government grants, a social housing provider in my Chelmsford constituency, CHP, has made some great investments in social housing to help energy efficiency, reduce bills and lower fuel poverty, but it would like to go further.
Will the Minister discuss with me the ways in which we can help to share the benefits of those savings so that some of them can be invested in improving energy efficiency and lowering bills in even more homes?
My right hon.
Friend makes the important point that energy efficiency is crucial to lowering bills.
That is why we have the social housing decarbonisation fund, which supports local authorities and housing associations in upgrading social housing stock below energy performance certificate level C.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses and investors on the Government’s net zero targets.
Our Department’s ministerial team meet regularly with industry, for example through the hydrogen investor forum, the Offshore Wind Industry Council, the solar taskforce, the green jobs delivery group, and the cross-cutting Net Zero Council.
Last week, Stellantis, the owner of the Vauxhall car plant in Ellesmere Port, announced that it would import electric vehicles, despite the fact that we produce some great electric vans in Ellesmere Port and want to move on to producing cars there as well.
Does the Minister think that, over the long term, reaching our net zero targets through the import of cheaper Chinese vehicles will be a good or bad thing for the UK car industry?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
One of the Opposition’s main pledges, which is to fully decarbonise the grid by 2030, could be met only by opening the floodgates to cheap Chinese imports—the exact thing he is opposed to.
Many unwelcome applications for large-scale solar farms, such as Lime Down in my constituency, are funded by offshore companies such as Macquarie, which is most famous for letting Thames Water fall to pieces.
What meetings has the Minister had with these speculative investors to ensure that the people who build solar farms will be there in 40 years to make sure that they are removed?
My hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour raises an important point about speculative development.
As part of speeding up the grid queue, in which we have somewhere in the region of 700 GW of power capacity coming forward, we wish to prioritise shovel-ready schemes, not speculative schemes.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since I was last at the Dispatch Box, we have been building up Britain’s energy security.
We have taken the next step in the biggest expansion of nuclear in 70 years, making Britain a producer of advanced nuclear fuel and pushing Putin out of the global energy market.
Just today, Rolls-Royce announced that it will invest millions of pounds in bringing new jobs to Sheffield to manufacture small modular reactors.
We have overachieved in our third carbon budget, which is keeping us on track to reach net zero, and we are building on our proud record of being the first major economy to halve emissions.
We have invested over half a billion pounds to help cut energy costs and bills for schools and hospitals, and we are taking our next steps on PumpWatch to protect motorists from unfair prices.
Latest figures by National Energy Action show that there are still 1,875 homes in my constituency with legacy prepayment meters.
What action are the Government taking to remove this costly burden on families?