The Minister is completely missing the point, so I will use a real-world example.
In Bristol, we have set up the 20-year Bristol City Leap project with Ameresco and Vattenfall, a partnership between the public and private sector that will help the city to cut carbon dioxide, bring down bills and deliver green jobs.
Actually, the Government are piloting a similar project in York, because it has been such a success in Bristol.
But why should it be Vattenfall, a 100% Swedish state-owned firm, rather than a British equivalent, such as Labour’s GB Energy, that benefits?
Why can Swedish taxpayers profit from investing in our future, but British taxpayers cannot?
Politicians with zero business experience are high risk.
It was not so long ago that the shadow energy security Minister highlighted the success of Robin Hood Energy, backed by Nottingham City Council, which delivered a £38 million loss.
Whether she has made a cost-benefit analysis of her net zero policies.
Our pragmatic, proportionate and realistic approach to meeting net zero will capitalise on the opportunities of the low-carbon transition, creating jobs and investment across the UK.
The cost of net zero is being borne by our hard-pressed constituents, at the same time as China increases its carbon dioxide emissions by more than the UK’s total emissions every year.
Wholesale electricity prices are currently £65 per megawatt, but we are paying £102 per megawatt for fixed offshore wind, offering £246 for floating offshore wind, £89 for onshore wind, and £85 for solar.
Can the Minister explain whatever happened to plentiful, cheap renewable energy?
The hon.
Member and I agree that we must champion the importance of delivering cheaper bills for consumers.
This does not have to be a binary choice between tackling climate change and delivering cheaper consumer bills.
By investing in a cleaner, more efficient energy system, we can do both.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The benefits of renewables cannot come at any cost.
In that spirit, I welcome the commitment of the Secretary of State and in particular the Minister to protect food  security through the additional protections of versatile and productive agricultural land.
Will the Minister also affirm the Government’s determination to protect areas that are particularly affected by energy infrastructure—pylons, wind and solar—such as the Lincolnshire fens, the Somerset levels and Romney Marsh?
Food security matters just as much as energy security in the national interest for the common good.
We are proud to have taken renewables from just 7% under the last Labour Government to 47% today, but my right hon.
Friend makes a powerful point about the need to tackle clustering.
The Secretary of State reiterated clear guidelines and advice for local authorities and planning committees up and down the country to make sure that we safeguard, wherever possible, our key agricultural lands as part of our commitment on food security.
Communities in Westmorland cannot afford for us not to be reducing carbon emissions.
I think of communities such as Kirkby Stephen, Appleby and Kendal, all of which are listed as energy crisis hotspots.
That means they have below average incomes, but above average energy prices.
There are over 10,000 homes in need of loft insulation and 6,940 homes in need of cavity wall insulation in my communities.
Will the Minister give resources to the excellent Cumbria Action for Sustainability to meet that need and decrease bills, and also perhaps revise the rules for ECO4 so the scheme better fits older homes in rural areas such as ours?