Two weeks ago the Government were found, for a second time, to be in breach of the law over their climate targets.
That failure will mean that families across the country will pay higher energy bills.
The Court found: “The Secretary of State’s conclusion that the proposals and policies will enable the carbon budgets to be met was irrational”.
Last time, the Government claimed that their breach of the law was just on a technicality.
What is the right hon.
Lady’s “dog ate my homework” excuse this time?
Let us be clear: the Court did not question the policies that we have set out, which we have done in more detail than any of our peers.
It did not question the progress that we have already made, as the first G20 country in the world to halve emissions, and it did not question the ambition of our future targets, which are among the most ambitious of our peers.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to look at what would smother the transition and private investment in this country, he need only look at his own mad, unachievable 2030 target.
With a defence like that, I can see why the Government lost in court not just once but twice.
Buried in the court documents is the confidential memo that reveals the real reason they lost the case—officials were telling Ministers that they had low or very low confidence that half their carbon reductions would be achieved.
That is why they were found unlawful.
The right hon.
Lady comes to the House each month with  her complacent nonsense, but the court judgment exposes the truth: the Government are way off track, abysmally failing to meet the climate emergency and pushing up bills for families as a result.
I have learned in this role that the right hon.
Gentleman likes to call people who disagree with him names.
Last week, representatives from the Tony Blair Institute said that his plans would raise bills and harm our energy security.
Are they flat earthers?
An industry report said last week said that his plans would see up to 100,000 people lose their jobs.
Are those people who are worried climate deniers?
When will the right hon.
Gentleman admit that his plans are based on fantasy and ideology and are the last thing that this country needs?
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of public ownership of the energy system.
No.
Every family in Britain is paying the price for the Government’s failure on energy, with bills through the roof while oil and gas profits have soared.
A publicly owned clean energy company would allow us to take back control of our energy, cutting bills and creating jobs across the UK.
Why are the Government letting their ideological stubbornness get in the way of supporting families, when they could follow other, successful countries and set up a publicly owned clean energy company like Great British Energy?