The Prime Minister said that a travesty like this should never be allowed to happen again.
Like the PACAC Chair, I think that rests on the duty of candour that Sir Brain Langstaff recommended.
That means a legally enforceable duty of candour for the entire public service, not just some promise.
As it turns out, the Minister has in front of him the opportunity to do that.
On Report today in the Lords is the Victims and Prisoners Bill, which includes a clause that imposes a duty of candour in a very limited way.
Can my right hon.
Friend look at that clause and expand it to cover the whole public sector under all circumstances?
I defer to my right hon.
Friend’s considerable experience and wisdom on many matters.
I recognise his points, but to move on this matter in that way in this short timeframe would not be the right step.
However, it would be right for us to urgently engage with him, the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee and others to ensure that the Government come up with the right complete response, to deal with a sensible point that Sir Brian made.
I pay tribute to my constituents whose lives were changed for ever and the many campaigners affected by this scandal, who have fought for so many years for truth and justice.
From Hillsborough to the Post Office, the infected blood scandal and many more, we have watched the state and institutions cover up wrongdoing and blame the innocent, with no accountability.
How long do we have to wait for those in this place to finally act and rebalance the scales of justice, and to deliver a full Hillsborough law?
Yesterday’s events show how necessary that law is to begin to end the culture of cover-ups that is shamefully hardwired into our institutions.
I very much respect the hon.
Gentleman’s points about Hillsborough.
I am not able to answer his question on that, as my remarks are about the compensation scheme, but a number of points have been made about the incidence of public inquiries on a range of issues, and what that says about our state and its failure in different ways.
As he said, considerable effort was required of individuals—which it should never have been—to apprehend the state for what has happened.
These are wider matters that we will need to come to terms with, but I do not think I can do justice to his remarks today.
I appreciate that today’s statement is about compensation, but there was no opportunity yesterday nor much today to ask specifically about Lord Mayor Treloar College in Hampshire.
My constituent Mike Webster sent his son Gary, a constituent of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eastleigh (Paul Holmes) , to Treloar back in the late ’70s and early ’80s.
He wrote to me last month to tell me how distraught he was that the school is now trying to paint itself as a victim, when we know that it was in receipt of funds to conduct experiments on children.
Will my right hon.
Friend give me some assurance from the Dispatch Box that the Government are considering very carefully how the Helsinki declaration may have been breached, and some guidance about what future steps may be taken?
My right hon.
Friend very eloquently makes a very important point.
In the course of my engagement, I met a number of former pupils from Treloar.
I believe that in Sir Robert’s report, one full volume pertains to what happened there.
So many individuals underwent medical treatment that was not envisaged by their parents and where consent appears not to have been secured.
This is a massive aspect of the work of Sir Brian Langstaff.
The Government will need to examine it very carefully, including the implications for who is culpable and how we should most appropriately respond to avoid anything like that happening again.
I hope that what I have said today with respect to  compensation will give some modest measure of comfort to those I met and those like them who are not here today.
There are not words enough to pay tribute to all the campaigners, infected and affected, including my constituent Lin, who lost Bill, and the Smiths.
I also pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  and journalists such as Caroline Wheeler.
The Smiths lost Colin, aged just seven years old, to AIDS, having been given infected blood from an Arkansas prison at 10 months old.
We now know from the inquiry that the risks of giving that blood were known.
Lin and the Smiths want “sorry” to turn into something today, for those who die every week.
On their behalf, I say to the Minister: make sure we have a proper timeline and that we stick to it; implement the recommendations as fast as possible; put the victims at the heart of decision making; and no more delays.
This group of people have waited far too long and have been through far too much already.
Finally, the Smiths want their son to have his name back, although they have always made sure that we  have never forgotten it.
So can I say it today?
Colin  John Smith.
The hon.
Lady makes a moving tribute to her constituents.
I can assure her that the Government have heard the pleas that have been made.
We have set out today a clear timetable on the journey to the regulations.
I will, with Mr Speaker’s permission, update the House in early autumn on where we have got to and the timeline for further detail, subject to the advice of the interim CEO and the interim chair.
She makes a point about stigma, which is a massive part of this for so many people I met and for her constituents, including the Smith family.
We recognise that as part of the scheme, but the memorialisation process must also recognise in particular those who were so badly stigmatised in the ’80s and ’90s.