The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with trade unions on the future of Grangemouth oil refinery beyond 2025.
My Department attended the Grangemouth industrial just transition leadership forum alongside Scotland Office Ministers and representatives of Unite the union on  28 March .
We remain in close contact with the Scottish Government and the owner Petroineos.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero met Scottish Government counterparts and Petroineos management on  15 May  and raised the importance of working with the unions.
Warm words are one thing; tangible support is quite another.
If Grangemouth closes, Scotland faces the possibility—indeed, the probability—of being the only major oil producing nation without refinery capacity, yet €700 million has been found by the UK Government to support an Ineos plant in Antwerp while not a penny is available for Grangemouth.
Is it to be a Brexit bonus for Belgian workers and a P45 for those Scots at the refinery?
We are working with the Scottish Government and Petroineos to understand all possible options for the future of the refinery.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that the Conservatives are the only major party who are backing the North sea, the biddings it brings in each year and the hundreds of thousands of jobs that it supports, while a new report last week showed that Labour’s plan could lose as many as 100,000 jobs in the next five years.
What progress she has made on reaching the Government’s 2050 net zero target.
We are on track to reach net zero by 2050, and we will do so in a way that brings the public with us.
We overachieved on our third carbon budget by 15%, and we announce today that we will not be rolling that over as we think that we will be able to overperform on carbon budget 4 as well.
I congratulate the Government on us being one of the first major economies in the world to set out the ambition for net zero carbon emissions by 2050.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Chancellor and the Secretary of State for Transport with regard to a revenue support mechanism for sustainable aviation, as well as ensuring that feedstock for sustainable aviation fuels takes priority?
I know from experience that my hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for his local area and for the aviation sector.
My Department is in regular contact with the Department for Transport and the Treasury on aviation decarbonisation and the important role for sustainable aviation fuel in that transition.
On  25 April , DFT published a consultation on options for a revenue certainty mechanism alongside details of the SAF mandate, which together will support both decarbonation and the growth of the sector.