The Scottish Government are working at pace to replace polluting heating systems and improve energy efficiency in Scotland’s building stock, with £1.8 billion being invested in this parliamentary Session towards heat and energy efficiency measures and £600 million towards new affordable housing.
With the Climate Change Committee stating that the Scottish Government’s heat in buildings Bill could become the template for the UK, helping Scotland to decarbonise faster than anywhere else in the UK, would the Minister like to visit the Scottish Government in Edinburgh?
I can arrange that for her, so that she can see climate leadership in action.
I reiterate that energy efficiency is incredibly important to us on the Government Benches and to the Government.
I would be happy to come on a visit to Edinburgh.
Indeed, I have already visited there.
Slightly more enthusiasm might have been welcomed by people living in England in cold and draughty houses.
Nevertheless, it is not simply our extensive ambition that leaves the UK behind Scotland, but our delivery, too.
Since 2007—[Interruption.]
Those on the Government Benches might want to listen to this.
Since 2007, per person, the SNP has built 40% more homes than Tory England and 70% more homes than Labour Wales and ensured 65% of the Scottish social rented sector has an energy performance certificate rating of C or above.
Insulation levels in Scotland are way higher than in England.
It is clear that the UK Government have materially failed to abate the demand side of the energy system to any meaningful extent.
What will the Minister do, in the few weeks they have left in office, to atone for this glaring betrayal of bill payers?
Unlike the hon.
Gentleman, we have not abandoned our targets, and there has been good progress and improved household energy efficiency.
Around half of our homes—48% in England—have now reached the Government’s 2035 target of achieving an EPC rating of C, up from 14% in 2010.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle climate change.
Britain is the first major economy to halve emissions, while growing the economy by 80%.
We have more ambitious targets for 2030 than the EU, with the UK aiming for a 68% reduction in emissions, compared with its 55%.
We have over-achieved on all carbon budgets to date and remain on track for the next.
At COP28, the UK, alongside nearly 200 countries, agreed to the transition away from fossil fuels.
Since then, the Government have recklessly granted new oil and gas licences and pushed legislation through this House to max out North sea fossil fuels.
Will the Minister meet the 50 cross-party parliamentarians who last week signed a letter urging the Government to show climate leadership and join the Beyond Oil and Gas Allowance, which aims to phase out oil and gas production ahead of COP29?