Tapadh, Mr Speaker.
There are many criticisms of the Government—I am sure they are aware of them—that they are too slow and indecisive about giving signals to the market for particular technologies, which means that, when they need to commission new energy, they are stuck with only one option: gas, which, as we know, is not exactly the way to net zero.
What will the Secretary of State be doing to move things a bit quicker and give the market signals as to which energy path the UK will be taking?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that we have one of the most remarkable records when it comes to renewable energies.
The only country that has built more offshore wind than us is China, we have set out the largest expansion for nuclear, and we are at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies such as fusion, hydrogen and carbon capture.
Meeting our net zero targets, which will be extremely difficult and eye-wateringly expensive, has been enforced on my constituents.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we must be more honest and open about the enormous costs of net zero on the British taxpayer?
Will the Government commit to publishing a detailed analysis of those costs in advance of my Westminster Hall debate?
There is a balance to be struck, which I believe we are striking, in ensuring that we can make the most of the jobs and opportunities of the energy transition, which will support up to 480,000 green jobs in 2030.
But, yes, when it comes to additional costs, we are taking a measured approach because we want to protect households.
In the Climate Change Committee’s latest progress report, it was made clear: “There continues to be an overly narrow approach to solutions, which crucially does not embrace the need to reduce demand for high-carbon activities.”
So when the Secretary of State goes back to the drawing board to revise the Government’s carbon budget delivery plan, as she now must, will she finally reduce the reliance on unproven technofixes and look instead at demand reduction measures—or, following the recent embarrassing judgment from the High Court, is she aiming for a hat-trick, with her Department’s climate plan declared unlawful for a third time?
I would find the hon.
Lady’s questions more credible if she would at least once welcome the fact that we are the first country in the G20 to have halved emissions.
On our progress, I am proud that one of the reasons that we have come so far is technological fixes, because of the remarkable progress that this country has made in renewable energy.
That is why we overshot on our first, second and third carbon budgets, and we are on track to overshoot on our fourth.