There has indeed been a significant increase in domestic insulation schemes in recent years.
However, will the Minister agree to increase the number of conversations with devolved institutions, so that we can see a genuinely nationwide revival of insulation schemes that, individually, can do more to reduce the dependency on high energy costs for those at maximum risk, in social housing and elsewhere?
Clearly, energy efficiency is incredibly important, which means that making sure that we get the correct insulation schemes is also incredibly important.
I give the hon.
Gentleman my assurance that we are doing everything we can to ensure that that insulation takes place.
Given the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme funding recently awarded to Wales, can the Minister please advise me on when A&P Falmouth, which is to be a vital part of the supply chain for the only successful project in allocation round 4, will be put on the reserve list?
The Minister has promised to meet me on several occasions.
Can I ask that we expedite that much as possible?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter.
Indeed, I am determined to ensure that ports that were not successful in the FLOWMIS process can take advantage of the huge increase that we expect in the deployment of floating offshore wind capacity off the coast of the United Kingdom.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and, indeed, any other Member of Parliament who represents a port that was not successful through the FLOWMIS procedure to discuss how we can move this forward.
Community energy can deliver so many renewable energy products and save on energy bills.
Last year in Bath, a community energy project putting rooftop solar on schools saved schools £130,000.
When will the Government remove the barriers to community energy?
As a result of the Energy Act 2023, we launched a consultation and a multimillion-pound fund to help to support the expansion of community energy across the United Kingdom.
It would be great to have the Liberal Democrats’ support in the effort that this party and this Government are making to ensure that the benefits of community energy are felt up and down the length and breadth of the country.
As we go to net zero, surely we also need to retain our sense of human rights.
Polysilicon mostly comes from Xinjiang, where it is mined using slave labour.
To what extend are we prepared to say that net zero trumps slave labour, and are we checking on slave labour products in the arrays?
I can assure my right hon.
Friend that we are indeed ensuring that the extent to which slave labour is used is kept very much at a minimum, if at all, in the supply chain of any of the components coming to advance us towards net zero.
The solar road map, as referred to earlier, will set out in greater detail how the Government will work with industry to ensure that there are no slave labour components to any of the parts we are importing to develop our renewable technology.
My constituent from Govanhill is being passed backwards and forwards between Utilita Energy and the Department for Work and Pensions.
He receives income-related employment and support allowance and should be entitled to the warm home discount, but neither Utilita nor the DWP is able to give him the money he is entitled to.
He applied in September last year.
Will the Minister intervene and make sure he gets the money he is due?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to write to me on this particular issue and I will look into it.
I put on record my heartfelt thanks to the Secretary of State and the Minister for Nuclear and Renewables for the action they took last week to put food security, alongside renewable energy, at the heart of local planning decisions.
What are the Government doing to ensure that all councils immediately enact that policy, because it is both for local councils and for Government?
Will existing soil assessments stand for nationally significant infrastructure projects, or will they be redone?