The National Infrastructure Commission said that the Government have reversed some progress on net zero.
The right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  said that the Government’s roll-back on net zero has put off investors.
A member of the Climate Change Committee has said that we are “not ready at all” for the impact of extreme weather on our national security.
Mad, bad and dangerous.
Will the Secretary of State finally back Great British Energy and the national wealth fund instead of lurching from crisis to crisis, not having a plan and selling out Britain?
We absolutely will not be backing putting the shadow Secretary of State in charge of UK and British energy companies, piling misery on to consumer bills.
We have unlocked £300 billion of public and private investment in low-carbon technology since 2010, with plans for £100 billion more by 2030.
Last year alone, we saw an investment of £60 billion; that is up a staggering 71% on the previous year.
I know the Secretary of State understands the importance of safeguarding good agricultural land for food production.
Will she update my constituents in Inkberrow and Stock Green on what more she is doing to ensure that solar panels are placed on car park and warehouse rooftops, which we have an ample number of in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to protect the best and most versatile agricultural land in this country.
Unlike the Opposition, we respect the views of communities up and down this country, and we will not countenance the industrialisation of our countryside.
However, solar power remains very important.
We are committed to our 70 GW target.
In our forthcoming solar road map, we will set out exactly how we will incentivise the development of rooftop solar, and development on brownfield and other sites.
Private investors are queuing up to make billions of pounds of investment in the green industries of the future, but under this Government, that money has flowed abroad.
Under Energy UK’s projections, the UK is now eighth out of eight major countries for renewable investment up to 2030.
How have the Government allowed that to happen?
That is simply not the case; we are leading internationally.
Last year alone, there was £60 billion of funding for low-carbon technology; that is up 71% on the previous year.
That is why other countries turn to our businesses and supply chain for their expertise—and to us, as we are leading with our policy framework.
The switch to electric cars and vans is crucial for improving air quality and reaching net zero.
Will the Government  update us on action being taken to deliver charging points in the right places, in consultation with  residents?
[R] The Government have invested in the Faraday battery challenge, a £541 million programme to support the research, development and scale-up of world-leading battery technology in the UK.
Since 2022, all new homes and homes undergoing major renovation in England have been required to have a charge point installed.
That is why we welcome the year-on-year 49% increase in charge points.
Will the Minister confirm whether the Government have dropped their commitment to consulting on a social energy tariff?
If they have not, can we have an update on progress, given that a social energy tariff would lift 2.2 million households out of poverty?
A social tariff means lots of different things to different people, but what it ultimately means is ensuring that we support all vulnerable people.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Government are doing many things to support people; there is the warm home discount, the cost of living payment, which is £900, and a variety of other measures.
While it is important that we support renewable energy sources, does the Minister agree with me that solar panels should go on rooftops, not on farmland?
As my hon.
Friend has heard me say already today, solar power is important, and we remain committed to our 70 GW target.
However, food security is as important as energy security when it comes to national security.
That is why we are protecting the best and most versatile farmland in the United Kingdom.
Unlike the Opposition, we respect the views of communities up and down the country; we will ensure that our countryside is not industrialised, and incentivise companies, individuals and organisations to invest in rooftop solar, and solar on brownfield, not greenfield, sites.
Does the Minister think that a regulator that allows the poorest to pay the highest bills, and that has overseen the doubling of energy bills since 2021 and the collapse of 30 energy companies in the same period, is fit for purpose?
We are ensuring that energy businesses are able to survive, and not just through the price caps.
This is also a matter for Ofgem.
My constituency is home to Scout Moor, one of the largest onshore wind farms in Europe, but the north-west also has amazing potential for offshore wind; an example is the Morgan and Morecambe development off the coast of Lancashire.
Such projects require huge amounts of infrastructure to be realised.
Notwithstanding the reassurances that my right hon.
Friend has already given, will she ensure that community consent is part of any infrastructure projects of this kind?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Absolutely; that is part of our forward planning in making sure that we can unlock the huge potential in every region of our United Kingdom.
Under Ofgem’s price cap, which has just come into effect, people with the most poorly insulated rural homes can expect to pay an additional £340 on their annual energy bills.
Will the Minister expand insulation schemes, particularly for people living in rural areas?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question covers a few issues.
One of the most important things is to look at how the standing charges are made up.
That is why we have encouraged Ofgem to answer our call for input.
Insulation schemes are incredibly important as well, which is why the Government are committed to supporting so many of them.
Hydrogen is the only viable alternative to natural gas for a balanced, reactive and carbon-zero electricity grid.
The UK has 32 gas power plants, all of which could be cheaply and easily retrofitted to burn hydrogen as a natural gas.
What is the Department doing to encourage this sort of retrofitting, so that we can allow technologies to decarbonise electricity generation and take advantage of the many benefits of hydrogen?