Tapadh leat, Mr Speaker.
Zonal pricing has the potential to lower bills for households from Sussex to Shetland, from Stonehaven to the great town of Stornoway.
Of course some vested interests will be concerned, such as energy generating companies that are benefiting from the constraint payments raised from customer bills.
What are the Government doing to stimulate debate and knowledge about zonal pricing?
It was a pleasure on my return as a Minister to attend the hon.
Gentleman’s Select Committee, which he chairs so well.
This is part of stage 2 of our wider consultation under our review of electricity market arrangements, and we take on board his and his Committee’s constructive suggestions in that meeting.
A key tool in our arsenal against climate change must be sequestering carbon.
It was a pleasure last week to see the Morecambe bay net zero peak cluster vision launched, which could decarbonise 40% of our cement and lime industries, securing a gigatonne of carbon under Morecambe bay.
Can I encourage my hon.
Friend the Minister to meet me to discuss the project further?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend at any time, and I am happy to discuss this and any other matter relating to the subject.
With the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Now that the Government have recognised the importance of versatile and productive agricultural land in respect of solar, will they recognise too the threat of a monstrous string of pylons stretching right down the east coast of England?
We either care about our green and pleasant land or we do not—for, as Keats understood, truth is beauty and beauty, truth.
My right hon.
Friend will know that we value taking communities with us and working with them.
I am having a number of meetings on this very subject to look at new technologies to see what additional options there could be to support local communities as we rapidly upgrade our national grid network.
Before I call the Minister, I should say that he will take longer than is usual for a statement, and I totally agree with the extra time.
I am just letting the other Front Benchers know that there will be some extra time.