The Prime Minister confirmed yesterday that the Government will pay comprehensive compensation to those who have been infected and affected as a result of this scandal.
I will now set out to the House the scheme that the Government are proposing, and of course, more details of the scheme will be published online today.
We are establishing the Infected Blood Compensation Authority—an arm’s length body—to administer the scheme.
A shadow body has already been set up, and an interim chief executive officer has been appointed.
Today, I am delighted to announce the appointment of Sir Robert Francis at the interim chair of the organisation.
The experience and care that Sir Robert will bring to the role will ensure that the scheme is credible and trusted by the community.
His support in delivering the scheme will be invaluable.
Those who have been infected or affected as a result of this scandal will receive compensation.
To be crystal clear, if you have been directly or indirectly infected by NHS blood, blood products or tissue contaminated with HIV or hepatitis C, or have developed a chronic infection from blood contaminated with hepatitis B, you will be eligible to claim compensation under the scheme, and where an infected person has died but would have been eligible under those criteria, compensation will be paid to their estate.
This will include where a person was infected with hepatitis B and died during the acute period of infection.
But, Mr Speaker, Sir Brian could not have been clearer: it is not just the harm caused by the infections that requires compensation.
The wrongs suffered by those affected must also be compensated for, so when a person with an eligible infection has been accepted on to the scheme, their affected loved ones will be able to apply for compensation in their own right.
That means that partners, parents, siblings, children, friends and family who have acted as carers for those who were infected are all eligible to claim.
I am aware that being asked to provide evidence of eligibility will likely be distressing, so I am determined to minimise that distress as much as possible.
I am pleased to confirm today that anyone already registered with one of the existing infected blood support schemes will automatically be considered eligible for compensation.
I also give thanks for the dedication and hard work of Professor Sir Jonathan Montgomery and the other members of the expert group, who were critical in advising on how the Government could faithfully translate Sir Brian’s recommendations for the purposes of the scheme.
In line with our previous commitments, we will publish the names of those experts today.
In his report, Sir Brian recommended that compensation be awarded with respect to the following five categories: an injury impact award, acknowledging the physical and mental injury caused by the infection; a social impact award, to address the stigma or social isolation resulting from the infection; an autonomy award, acknowledging how family and private life was disrupted during this time; a care award, to compensate for the past and future care needs of anyone infected; and finally a financial loss award, for past and future financial losses suffered as a result of the infection.
The Government accept this recommendation with two small refinements, informed by the work of the expert group and designed for simplicity and speed, two other principles that Sir Brian asserted.
First, the care award will be directly awarded to the person with the infection, or to their estate.
Secondly, the financial loss award will be paid either directly to the person with the infection, or—where an infected person has tragically died before the establishment of the scheme—to their estate and to affected persons who were dependent on them.
Sadly, many people have links to multiple individuals who were infected, or were both infected themselves and affected by another’s infection.
As such, multiple injury awards will be offered to reflect the scale of the loss and suffering.
The scheme will be tariff-based, and we will be publishing an explanatory document on gov.uk, including examples of proposed tariffs.
However, this is not the end: over the next few weeks, Sir Robert Francis will seek views from the infected blood community on the proposed scheme before its terms are set in regulations, to make sure the scheme will best serve those who it is intended for.
Sir Robert has welcomed the Government’s proposals as positive and meaningful, and he will set out more details on engagement with the community shortly.
The inquiry recommended that the scheme should be flexible in its awards of compensation, providing for either a lump sum or regular payments.
We agree, which is why the awards to living infected or affected persons will be offered as either a lump sum or as periodical payments.
Where the infected person has died, estate  representatives will receive compensation as a single lump sum to distribute to beneficiaries of the estate, as is appropriate.
We will also guarantee that any payments made to those eligible will be exempt from income, capital gains and inheritance tax, as well as disregard them from means-tested benefit assessments.
We will also ensure that all claimants are able to appeal against their award both through an internal review process in the Infected Blood Compensation Authority and, where needed, with a right to appeal to a first-tier tribunal.
Our expectation is that final payments will start before the end of the year, and if you permit, Mr Speaker, I would like to return to the House when the regulations are laid later this year to make a further statement with an update on the delivery of the compensation scheme.
I know from my discussions with the community just how important the existing infected blood support scheme payments are to them.
I recognise that many people, sadly, rely on these payments, and they are rightly keen to understand what the Government’s intentions are.
I want to provide reassurance to all those out there today that no immediate changes will be made to the support schemes.
Payments will continue to be made at the same level until  31 March 2025 , and they will not be deducted from any of these compensation awards.
From  1 April 2025 , any support scheme payments received will be counted towards a beneficiary’s final compensation award.
This will ensure parity between support scheme beneficiaries regardless of whether they were the first or the last to have their compensation assessed by the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
We will ensure that no one—no one—receives less in compensation than they would have received in support payments.
I recognise that each week members of the infected blood community are dying from their infections.
There may be people—indeed, there will be people—listening today who are thinking to themselves that they may not live to receive compensation, so I want to address those concerns, too.
Today, I am announcing that the Government will be making further interim payments ahead of the establishment of the full scheme.
Payments of £210,000 will be made to living infected beneficiaries—those registered with existing infected blood support schemes as well as those who register with a support scheme before the final scheme becomes operational—and to the estates of those who pass away between now and payments being made.
I know that time is of the essence, which is why I am also pleased to say that they will be delivered within 90 days, starting in the summer, so that they can reach those who most need it so urgently.
Before I conclude, I would like to turn to the matter of memorialisation.
Many of those who were infected by contaminated blood or blood products have since died—died without knowing that their suffering and loss would be fully recognised either in their lifetime or at all.
The lives of most of those who have died remain unrecognised.
I note Sir Brian’s recommendations on memorialisation across the UK, and the Government will address those recommendations in detail as part of our wider response to this report.
In conclusion, I know that the whole House will want to join me in thanking Sir Brian and the inquiry for the work that they have done, and pay tribute to all those who have been caught up in this terrible tragedy and who have battled for justice for so long.
Yesterday was  a day of great humility for everyone implicated in this   inquiry, and today I can only hope that, with the publication of the inquiry report and with our firm commitment to compensate those touched by this scandal, the infected blood community know that their cries for justice have been heard.
I commend this statement to the House.
rose— Order.
Lots of Members want to get in, and all Members will get in.
I now come to the shadow Minister.
The infected blood scandal is one the gravest injustices in our history, and a profound moment of shame for the British state.
Yesterday, the Leader of the Opposition apologised on behalf of Labour Governments of the past, and the Prime Minister did the same on behalf of all Governments and the country.
I join them today in saying a deep and heartfelt sorry.
The scale of the horror that was uncovered by Sir Brian Langstaff’s report almost defies belief.
That is why I pay tribute to the victims of this scandal, who fought so hard for justice.
We thank the charities, and the remarkable campaigning work of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , as well as the Father of the House, and the journalist Caroline Wheeler, whose work and book, “Death in the Blood”, did so much to drive this issue forward.
I also recognise the significance of the decision made by the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , in establishing the public inquiry.
I thank Sir Brian Langstaff and all his staff for their forensic work.
I also thank the Minister for regularly briefing me, and for his work in government ahead of today.
One of the most powerful conclusions in this report is that an apology is meaningful only if it is accompanied by action, and it is that I turn to now.
I welcome the further interim payments that the Minister has announced, and I repeat our commitment to work on a cross-party basis, and help to deliver the compensation scheme and get the final money to victims as soon as possible.