Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with the fondest of memories and the heaviest of hearts that I rise today to remember author, educator, and my dear friend, Robie Harris, who we lost earlier this year.
Robie was an extraordinary woman--a fierce defender of free speech, a dedicated teacher, an inspiring author, as well as a loyal friend and devoted wife and mother.
Hers is a remarkable legacy as an advocate for children that will continue to inspire many.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Robie discovered her love for the written word very early in life.
As she told it, at just six years old she ``published'' her first work, Robie's Stories, an assignment from her kindergarten teacher.
It was comprised of pictures and journal memories that each child produced every day that were then compiled into a book at the end of the year.
As Robie grew up, so did her love of reading, writing, and learning--so much so that she would go on to dedicate her professional life to them.
Robie went on to become the editor of both her high school newspaper as well as her college yearbook.
Alter earning her undergraduate degree at Wheaton College, Robie moved to New York City where she initially found work at the United Nations.
However, she knew that this was not her passion, so she pursued a teaching degree at Bank Street College of Education.
Following the completion of her degree from Bank Street, she became an elementary school teacher at the Bank Street School for Children, where she taught writing and later directed after-school programs in the school's new Head Start program.
It was through her work with children, as well as the experience of watching her own children and nieces and nephews grow up, that Robie found a voice as a children's book author.
She was inspired by the many questions and curiosities she heard from them and made it her mission to write and produce books that would help them navigate the many changes they would experience as they moved from one stage of development to the next.
Robie's first book, a collaborative effort with fellow author and friend, Elizabeth Levy was Before You Were Three: How You Began to Walk, Talk, Explore, and Have Feelings, and her first solo books included the picture books Don't Forget to Come Back and I Hate Kisses.
Over the course of her writing career, Robie maintained her commitment to writing nonfiction, age-appropriate books, writing more than thirty titles that covered a multitude of topics including engineering, architecture, nutrition, math, death, and genetics.
But it was her groundbreaking work, It's Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies, Growing Up, and Sexual Health, a guided preadolescent children on puberty, their changing bodies, sexuality, and sexual health, that was not only her most successful, but also drove Robie's fierce advocacy for free speech.
While praised by medical professionals, child development specialists, and educators for its accuracy, reliability and for offering children clear guidance on the topic, as well as having been translated into 27 languages and sold one million copies, and having been updated numerous times, including a 25th anniversary edition; this title has ranked among the most frequently challenged and banned books in the country according to the American Library Association.
Robie was an active member of PEN America, an organization that works to protect free expression in the United States and worldwide and champion the freedom to write because they understand the transformational power of words.
Robie was a founding member of PEN America's Children's and Young Adults Books Committee and she was known for her calm, tactful, yet staunch and unwavering advocacy for the freedom of expression.
In an essay for PEN, Robie once wrote, ``I write books for children because in some small way I hope that they will find the words I write useful, reassuring, interesting, and at times humorous and also in some small way help them to stay emotionally and/ or physically healthy by giving honest, accurate, up-to-date, and ageappropriate information.''
Robie was fearless in her defense of her work and that of other writers.
She once said in an interview, ``This to me is the bottom line on freedom of expression.
As a reader, you have the right to speak out for or against whatever you read.
As a writer, I have the right to write whatever I want to write--and I am just not going to stop.''
Robie's passion for working with children, particularly in early childhood development, was a shared mission.
Her husband, Bill Harris, is the founder of KidsPac, a group that helped to focus legislators at every level of government on the importance of early childhood education.
For more than two decades KidsPac was a leader and respected voice in the advocacy for policies concerning childcare, prenatal health, and early education.
Robie and Bill's activism was integrated into every facet of their lives, so it is no surprise that both of their sons, David and Ben, both followed in their footsteps.
David, taking a page from his father's work, has focused his professional life on research and advocacy for policies that address child poverty.
Ben, whose interests more mirrored Robie's, is now Clinical Professor at the Psychological Center at The City College of New York (CCNY), which provides low-to-moderate-cost services to the CCNY and West Harlem communities.
In this role, and throughout his career, he has worked with a socioeconomically and culturally diverse range of children and adolescents as well as adults.
I found a kindred spirit in Robie.
She never stopped, and she never took no for an answer.
I will forever be grateful for the friendship, humor, and generosity she bestowed on me over the years.
Illustrator and dear friend, Michael Emberly probably described her best when he said of Robie, ``She was smart and sensitive, kind, and generous beyond reckoning.
She was a complicated human being in the best sense, and she had one of the best attributes you can say about a human being--she was memorable.''
I extend my heartfelt condolences to her husband, Bill, and her sons, David and Ben.
Though we all feel that she was taken from us too soon, Robie Harris touched countless lives and she will be deeply missed by all those who knew her.