Mr. KIM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the selfless service and incredible accomplishments of Francis `Frank' Hummel, Jr., a United States Army Veteran, who passed earlier this month.
Born and raised in Philadelphia, Frank spent his adult life in southern New Jersey.
In December 1950, he joined the United States Army where he completed his basic training on Joint Base McGuire-DixLakehurst, right in his own backyard.
Frank was then transferred to a small town in Germany where he went through military intelligence training and served in the Army Security Agency.
During this time, Frank enjoyed boxing, playing center and linebacker for the Seventh Army Special Troops Ramblers football team, and being a member of the 97th Signal Satans basketball team.
Today, we all remember him for his brave service, and love for sports with his fellow soldiers.
After the Army, Frank opened his own mechanical engineering firm, Hummel Engineering Corporation, which served New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York, and Delaware.
Frank also served as the Executive Vice President and then President of the Mechanical Contractors Association of Eastern Pennsylvania, and was the Secretary of the National Certified Pipe Welding Bureau.
Beyond that he was a member of the Christian Business Men's Association, where he helped mentor young men to succeed in their faith, business, and life's endeavors.
Frank also taught project management at the Pennsylvania State University, Media campus.
A man of faith, Frank was an active member of his congregations and served on many church boards throughout the years.
Formerly a member of Cherry Hill Baptist Church, he most recently was a member of Grace Baptist Church in Mount Laurel.
Frank was active in supporting Christian mission work around the world and was an author in the Wiley Mission Community Newspaper.
Frank was not only a veteran, entrepreneur, and man of faith, he was a family man who loved spending time with his large family.
He was known to spend his time visiting historical societies, libraries, and cemeteries across the United States and Europe where he listened to and learned about histories from ancestors and distant family members.
He enjoyed recording family genealogy by hand, writing stories about his life experiences, and photography.
Frank married Lorraine Miller in 1951 and in their over 70 years of marriage, they had three children, eleven grandchildren, and nine great-grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Frank and his positive impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor his tenure as a veteran of the United States Army, and husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.
We are lucky to have his inspiration in our community.