Ms. Henderson holds a Level III DoD Financial Management

Certification.
She has earned many significant awards and honors

throughout her 42-year career, including 2 Civilian Service Achievement

Medals and The American Society of Military Comptrollers Award for

Meritorious Performance in Accounting and Finance.
She also received a

Letter of Appreciation from the Secretary of the Army.
Our great nation is not able to function properly without the work of

people like Tamara Henderson.
Few people have dedicated their entire

career to Civilian Federal Service, and it is my great pleasure to

offer my own congratulations for Ms. Henderson on the happy occasion of

her retirement after 42 years of service to the United States.
Mr.

Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing the dedicated career of

Tamara Henderson.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MYRA BUSHARD

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House's attention

today to recognize the retirement of Myra Bushard, Executive Assistant

to the City Manager in the City of Anniston.
Myra was born on August 24, 1962, to Reverend S.E. and Lousie Dulaney

and grew up in the Blue Mountain area as the youngest of seven

siblings.
She graduated from Saks High School and then New World

Business College in Anniston in the Executive Secretarial Program in

1981.
She worked as secretary to the President and Vice President at

Fort McClellan Credit Union.
From 1986 through 1993, she worked in

Birmingham at the Birmingham Credit Union, then worked as receptionist

and Administrative Assistant at the Calhoun County Chamber of Commerce

from 1993 through 1995.
In 1995, She worked as Trust Operations Officer

at SouthTrust Bank Trust Department for 10 years.
Myra has served in her role with the City of Anniston since February

28, 2005.
She has served under four Administrations including Mayor

Chip Howell, Mayor Gene Robinson, Mayor Vaughn Stewart and Mayor Jack

Draper.
She has served many City Managers including John Seymour,

George Monk, Don Hoyt, Brian Johnson, Kent Davis, James Johnson and

Steven Folks.
Myra's official retirement date is October 31, 2024, and a reception

in her honor will be held on October 30, 2024.
She is married to her husband of over 40 years, Bryan.
They are

blessed with two children, Jonathan and Alicia, and six grandchildren.
Family is everything to Myra.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Myra and thanking her for

her service to the City of Anniston.
I congratulate Myra.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DEBRA HEMBREE LAMBERT

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Debra Hembree

Lambert on being elected to be the first female Chief Justice of the

Kentucky Supreme Court.
She has served as a judge for seventeen years,

including six years on the Kentucky Supreme Court.
I have had the privilege of getting to know Justice Lambert over the

years.
I have always admired her commitment to ensuring every person in

Kentucky receives the impartial justice they deserve.
During her time on Kentucky's Supreme Court, Justice Lambert has

headed the Kentucky Judicial Commission on Mental Health, which works

to address Kentuckians' mental health needs, through improvements to

the judicial system.
Justice Lambert serves many counties in the 1st Congressional

District, and they are served well due to her hard work and dedication

on our state's highest court.
I congratulate Justice Lambert on her election to this prestigious

position.
I am confident that Kentucky will continue to greatly benefit

from her leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

VETERANS DELIVER LETTERS TO U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICES ACROSS U.S.,

URGING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION OF BIDEN ADMINISTRATION'S ARMS SHIPMENTS

TO ISRAEL

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.