I am confident that Kentucky will continue to greatly benefit

from her leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

VETERANS DELIVER LETTERS TO U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICES ACROSS U.S.,

URGING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION OF BIDEN ADMINISTRATION'S ARMS SHIPMENTS

TO ISRAEL

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to include in

the Record the following press release from Veterans For Peace, brought

to my attention by Jim Brasile, a constituent and leader of a local

chapter of Veterans For Peace who cares passionately about the

situation in Gaza.
While I may have a difference in opinion with some

of the content, I feel that in a democracy, it is important to consider

a variety of viewpoints.
Mr. Brasile witnessed the violence of war

first-hand when he served in Vietnam as a member of the U.S. Marine

Corps.
Since then, he has been a steadfast advocate against conflict

and for non-aggression.
I thank Mr. Brasile for his service to our

country and commend him for his commitment to peace.
numerous federal criminal statute violations cited, no response from

state department inspector-general

In sixteen U.S. cities, March 5 through 7, members of

Veterans For Peace will hand deliver an exhaustively

researched letter to U.S. State Department offices that has

gotten no response from the department's Inspector-General

since February 11.
The cities are Buffalo, New York, Minneapolis, St. Louis,

Portsmouth, NH, Greensboro, NC, Boston, San Diego, Tucson,

Chicago, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Bridgeport, CT, Los Angeles,

Dallas and Houston.
Josh Paul, former State Department senior official who

resigned over weapons shipments to Israel said, ``The

Secretary and all relevant officials under his purview should

take this letter from Veterans For Peace with the utmost

seriousness.
It is a stark reminder of the importance of

abiding by the laws and policies that relate to arms

transfers.''
The letter from Veterans For Peace alleges violations by

U.S. government officials of:

The Conventional Arms Transfer Policy, which prohibits U.S.

weapons transfers when it's likely they will be used by

Israel to commit genocide; crimes against humanity; and grave

breaches of the Geneva Conventions, including attacks

intentionally directed against civilian objects or civilians

or other serious violations of international humanitarian or

human rights law, including serious acts of gender-based

violence or serious acts of violence against children.
Dozens

administrators in Gaza, as well as by Amnesty International,

Human Rights Watch, Palestine Authority, South Africa,

Turkey, Medicins san Frontieres, UNRWA, UNICEF, the

Secretary-General of the United Nations, the Norwegian

Refugee Council and the World Food Programme, have confirmed

that there is an ongoing human rights and humanitarian

disaster due to Israel's cutoff of water and electricity,

deliberate destruction of sewage infrastructure and delaying

of aid shipments by Israeli forces.
The Foreign Assistance Act, which forbids the provision of

assistance to a government which ``engages in a consistent

pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized

human rights.''
Arms Export Control Act, which says countries

that receive U.S. military aid can only use weapons for

legitimate self-defense and internal security.
Israel's

genocidal campaign in Gaza goes way beyond self-defense and

internal security.
The U.S. War Crimes Act, which forbids grave breaches of

the Geneva Conventions, including willful killing, torture or

inhuman treatment, willfully causing great suffering or

serious injury to body or health, and unlawful deportation or

transfer, perpetrated by the Israeli Occupying Forces.
The Leahy Law, which prohibits the U.S. Government from

using funds for assistance to units of foreign security

forces where there is credible information implicating that

unit in the commission of gross violations of human rights.
The Genocide Convention Implementation Act, which was

enacted to implement U.S. obligations under the Genocide

Convention, provides for criminal penalties for individuals

who commit or incite others to commit genocide.