His success has allowed for the creation of novel proteins to tackle

some of the greatest challenges in medicine, technology, and

sustainability.
He has deepened scientific understanding of protein

prediction and made immense contributions to biochemistry research.
Dr.

Baker's career has been remarkable--to date, he has published more than

640 peer-reviewed research papers, been awarded more than 100 patents,

and co-founded 21 biotechnology companies.
I was proud to secure $550,000 for the Institute for Protein Design

at the University of Washington where Dr. Baker's lab is housed.
I am

committed to ensuring that Washington's 7th Congressional District

remains a hub for science and innovation.
Scientists like Dr. Baker are

at the forefront of innovation and must have the resources to continue

to change our understanding of the world.
On behalf of Washington's 7th Congressional District, I would like to

congratulate Dr. David Baker on receiving the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
I am so proud to recognize his tremendous contributions to science and

innovation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FORMER MAYOR CHRISTOPHER BROWN

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor former Mayor

Christopher Brown, a distinguished resident of Dumfries, Virginia,

whose dedication and service have profoundly shaped his community.
Mr. Brown's roots run deep in Dumfries, where he has spent his life

contributing to the town's growth and prosperity.
As a former mayor,

Mr. Brown played a pivotal role in shaping Dumfries' future,

demonstrating exceptional leadership and vision during his tenure.
Beyond his public service, Mr. Brown continues to be a pillar of the

community through his successful accounting firm.
Established in 1987,

his business has provided professional personal and business tax advice

and preparation for more than three decades.
His expertise and

commitment to supporting local enterprises has been instrumental in

fostering economic growth in Dumfries.
Mr. Brown's many contributions--as a lifelong resident, former mayor,

and respected business owner--have left an indelible mark on the town.
His accounting firm stands as a testament to his enduring commitment to

the local business community.
Mr. Brown's unwavering dedication to Dumfries serves as an

inspiration to all who strive to make a positive impact on their

communities.
His work ethic, business acumen, and public service

exemplify the values we hold dear as Virginians.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing former

Mayor Christopher Brown for his outstanding service and enduring

commitment to the Town of Dumfries, Virginia.
His legacy as a public

servant, business leader, and admired community member will continue to

influence and inspire future generations in Virginia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RETIRED LIEUTENANT COLONEL JOHN PHILIP KOWZAN

HON.
CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS

Mrs. RODGERS of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

retired Lieutenant CoIonel John Philip Kowzan.
A native of Spokane,

Washington, Phil joined the United States Army in 1961 and selflessly

served his Nation for 28 years.
During his time in the military, he was

called upon to serve in Vietnam where he earned the National Defense

Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal with 3 bronze service stars,

and the Army Commendation Medal with 2 oak leaf clusters.
During his decorated military service, retired LTC Kowzan developed a

profound respect for his fellow servicemembers.
He saw firsthand the

personal sacrifices of life and limb that his brothers and sisters in

arms were prepared to make, as well as the invisible scars they would

each carry home with them.
Phil's profound understanding of these

struggles motivated him to dedicate the remainder of his life to

honoring those who answered our nation's call to service.
In 2001, Phil was asked to perform Taps in conjunction with a

military funeral honors service for a longtime friend and fellow

veteran.