Parlier High is also where Don met the love of his life, Linda Mae,

who he described as the prettiest girl he ever saw.
Lucky for him, her

devotion matched his infatuation and the two shared a bond for the next

55 years, dedicating their lives to their greatest gifts, Jerry and

Michelle.
As a husband and father, Mr. Hunsucker cherished every moment

with his family.
Whether it was dressing up as Santa on Christmas or

teaching them how to throw a football, he always made sure to not just

tell them he loved them but showed them as well.
In 1971, Don decided to join the fight of the labor movement and

began serving as a Special Representative and Organizer for the Retail

Clerks International Association.
Eventually, he became the Union

Representative for the Retail Clerks Local 1288, and following the

merger of several unions he was elected as the President--Chief

Executive Officer of the United Food and Commercial Workers, Local

1288.
As the youngest person to ever be elected President of a local

union, Mr. Hunsucker was fearless in his struggle to advocate for his

members but always managed to conduct himself with respect when

interacting with others.
Whether it was at the negotiating table or

heading a picket line, Don always put his members first which grew ten-

fold by the time he retired in 2007.
Throughout his distinguished career, he also held many titles in

other organizations such as Vice President of the California Federation

of Labor, Chair of the Northern California Caucus, Trustee of the

Northern California Joint Pension Fund, President of the Fresno-Madera-

Tulare-Kings Counties Central Labor Council, and Vice President of the

Fresno Area Coalition of Organized Labor.
Even after his retirement,

Mr. Hunsucker continued to help and honor workers of the Central Valley

by becoming President of the UFCW Local 1288 Retiree's Club where he

was instrumental in founding Union Park, and Workers Memorial

Foundation, Inc. For all of these efforts and more, Don was named Labor

Leader of the Year three times in his lifetime.
In addition to his commitment to labor, Don was extremely involved

within his community as well.
For example, he helped raise money for

the Cancer Society, Leukemia Society, Muscular Dystrophy and the Fresno

State Boosters Club.
He also served as a board member for several

organizations including United Way, the Easter Seal Society, and the

City of Fresno's Bid Compliance Committee.
Don truly did it all and was

more than deserving of all the recognition he received, including the

Key to the City of Fresno as well as the City of Parlier.
Despite his countless achievements, Don always remained true to the

virtues he learned as a child and committed his life to fighting for

what he felt was right.
He was a leader of the community and his

willingness to stand up for others was admired by many.
Although his

love and thoughtfulness will be missed greatly by those fortunate to

know him, his legacy will live on through the love of his life, Linda

Mae, and their greatest gifts, Michelle and Jerry.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Gregory

``Don'' Hunsucker for his contributions to labor and the community.
May

we continue to be inspired by his story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF POLICE CHIEF HARRY HASKINS

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Harry Haskins, Jr., who

passed away on September 1, at the age of 87.
Mr. Haskins dedicated his

life to law enforcement and the well-being of Virginians.
Mr. Haskins was born in Clifton Forge, Virginia on October 8, 1936.
He graduated from the old Clifton Forge High School.
He later earned an

Associate's degree from Virginia Western Community College and a

Bachelor of Arts degree from Roanoke College.