Mr. Haskins was born in Clifton Forge, Virginia on October 8, 1936.
He graduated from the old Clifton Forge High School.
He later earned an

Associate's degree from Virginia Western Community College and a

Bachelor of Arts degree from Roanoke College.
His service to law enforcement began in 1958 as a trooper with

Virginia State Police, where he dedicated 16 years of his career.
In 1974, he became a Special Agent with the U.S. Forest Service,

before accepting a position as Chief of Police for the City of Salem in

1975.
As Chief of Police, Mr. Haskins excelled at his job and became a

fixture in the Salem community.
His contributions to Salem's police

force included establishing the Drug Abuse Resistance Education

program.
Mr. Haskins was a founding member of the Cardinal Criminal Justice

Academy, serving as Chairman of the Governing Council for 10 years.
His

experience on the Executive Committee of the Virginia Association of

Chiefs of Police, which included a stint as President, allowed him to

advocate for law enforcement officials and improve department

practices.
His outstanding service to the Commonwealth of Virginia and City of

Salem would last two decades until his retirement at the end of 1995.
The City of Salem elected Mr. Haskins in 1996 to serve on City

Council.
I worked with Mr. Haskins during his time as Chief of Police

and as a member of Salem City Council.
He was a classic southern

gentleman, and it was an honor to know him.
The recognition of Mr. Haskins' character and accomplishments is

evident.
He received in 1996 the Roanoke College Medal, the highest

honor bestowed on Roanoke College alumni who best exemplify the ideals

of leadership, integrity and citizenship that Maroons hold dear.
He

also received the Boy Scouts of America Silver Beaver Award.
He is survived by his loving wife, Judith Barrett Haskins; daughters

and husbands, Melanie and Scott Leweke of Blue Ridge, Virginia, and

Kathryn and Kevin Glasgow of Georgia; and Nadine Kelley of Roanoke,

mother of his children.
Also surviving are stepchildren, Will Abernethy

of Roanoke, Nathan and Julie Abernethy of Roanoke, Whitney Miller of

Dillwyn, and Steve Wilson and Ken Wilson.
Surviving grandchildren are

Greg and Sam Glasgow, Emma and Mary Leweke, and step-grandchildren

Kaylee and Rachel Goin, Elijah, Nora and Isaac Abernethy.
The City of Salem and the law enforcement community is forever

grateful to Chief Haskins, the professionalism he embodied during his

law enforcement career, and his dedication to the safety and well-being

of the people of Salem.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DAVID BAKER'S CONTRIBUTIONS TO SCIENCE

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. David

Baker on winning the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
The Nobel Prize award

recognizes Dr. Baker's tremendous achievement in utilizing

computational protein design to turn amino acids into proteins.
He has

made significant strides in the field of biochemistry through his

groundbreaking research and has trailblazed various methods to build

new proteins.
Dr. Baker is currently a Professor of Biochemistry at the University

of Washington in Seattle.
He is the eighth University of Washington

faculty member to receive a Nobel Prize.
Dr. Baker's research has been

described as visionary.
His lab pioneered the field by developing much

of the world's most popular and effective software for computational

protein design.
Dr. Baker's research has helped analyze database

information about existing proteins to develop new proteins that do not

exist in nature.
His success has allowed for the creation of novel proteins to tackle

some of the greatest challenges in medicine, technology, and

sustainability.
He has deepened scientific understanding of protein

prediction and made immense contributions to biochemistry research.
Dr.

Baker's career has been remarkable--to date, he has published more than

640 peer-reviewed research papers, been awarded more than 100 patents,

and co-founded 21 biotechnology companies.