He saw firsthand the

personal sacrifices of life and limb that his brothers and sisters in

arms were prepared to make, as well as the invisible scars they would

each carry home with them.
Phil's profound understanding of these

struggles motivated him to dedicate the remainder of his life to

honoring those who answered our nation's call to service.
In 2001, Phil was asked to perform Taps in conjunction with a

military funeral honors service for a longtime friend and fellow

veteran.
A musician at heart who played in a number of community bands

through the years, he humbly accepted the request as a way of

fulfilling the obligation cited by President Abraham Lincoln to ``Honor

to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's

cause.''
Thus began a 23-year long run as a bugler in Eastern Washington.
In 2010, the community's demand for Phil's services grew

exponentially when the Washington Department of Veterans Affairs opened

the Washington State Veterans Cemetery in Medical Lake, Wash. Without

hesitation, Phil volunteered to assist with military funeral honors as

one of the facility's three buglers.
In the first year alone, he

performed more than half of the 350 interments at the cemetery, which

now performs more than 900 services annually.
As the facility's primary

bugler, Phil frequently makes the 46 mile round trip--as often as five

times a week--to ensure every veteran receives the honor and

recognition of a grateful nation they deserve.
Phil quickly earned a reputation amongst the region's funeral

directors and soon began receiving calls to perform at community

cemeteries, funeral homes, event halls, and public events across the

state.
At 86 years young, Phil still carries the same burning desire he

first felt 23 years ago to make sure no servicemember is ever left

behind.
In total, he has rendered honors for more than 3,000 military

funerals in the Spokane area, making him an inspiration to every person

he meets.
Phil is a decorated veteran, committed public servant, and

model citizen.
He is simply the very best of the United States of

America.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing retired

LTC John Philip Kowzan for his more than 50 years of faithful, diligent

service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TAMARA HENDERSON

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor Ms. Tamara W.

Henderson, the Headquarters Training and Doctrine Command G8 (Resource

Management) Director of Finance and Accounting and Financial Management

Officer, who is retiring after 42 years in Civilian Federal Service.
Ms. Henderson earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in

Marketing and Management from Longwood University.
Following her time

at Longwood, she went on to earn her Master of Business Administration

in Public Administration from Old Dominion University.
Ms. Henderson

has spent her entire career under the TRADOC Command at both Ft.
Monroe

and Ft.
Eustis.
She gained valuable experience in installation Finance

as a student trainee in the Fellowship Program, held various accounting

positions, and served as TRADOC G8's Supervisory Systems Accountant

prior to her assignment as Director.
As Director, she provided oversight in fielding, sustainment,

training, and help desk support for the Army's financial systems for

over 1600 end users across the command in the execution of a $5 billion

annual operating budget.
Ms. Henderson also directed the TRADOC Risk

Management and Internal Control Program.
She ensured sound fiscal

compliance and safeguarded government resources against fraud, waste,

and misuse as manager of the Anti-deficiency Act prevention/reporting

program.
Ms. Henderson holds a Level III DoD Financial Management

Certification.
She has earned many significant awards and honors

throughout her 42-year career, including 2 Civilian Service Achievement

Medals and The American Society of Military Comptrollers Award for

Meritorious Performance in Accounting and Finance.
She also received a

Letter of Appreciation from the Secretary of the Army.