Mr. Speaker, I'd like to congratulate Ray Carlson for

being named the Marquette County Veteran of the Year.
I thank him for

his immense sacrifices and love of country.
Ray joined the United

States Navy

shortly after graduating from Dollar Bay High School in 1969.
After

completing training at Great Lakes Naval Training Center, Camp

Pendleton, and Coronado, Ray was deployed to Vietnam where he was

stationed at TanAn and assigned to a Riverboat base, supporting combat

operations throughout Vietnam as a central maintenance hub for U.S.

watercraft.
Ray returned home from his service just in time for Thanksgiving in

1971, earning the National Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, and

the Vietnam Campaign Medal for his time overseas.
He began his civilian

career in the Western UP at the White Copper Mine, and upon its

closure, obtained a Civil Engineering Degree from Michigan

Technological University.
Ray went on to lead large civil engineering

projects throughout the UP, culminating with the critical HW-58 project

in Grand Marais.
Ray's emphasis on service above self did not stop

there, as he has been incredibly active within the Veteran community,

serving in numerous capacities throughout the American Legion,

including Post 44 Commander, 12th District Commander, and the 5th Zone

Commander--spanning the entire Upper Peninsula over the past 20 years.
As one of the most active and dedicated individuals in the region, Ray

also serves the community during Bingo at the Jacobetti Home for

Veterans and Marquette County Fair, Boys State, and the Post 44 youth

raffle.
Ray also has even coached baseball for the American Legion

teams.
Reigniting a passion for the sport he enjoyed in his childhood,

Ray's time as a baseball coach has also helped many young men who

received his mentorship and guidance--both on and off the field--as

they have come through the Legion summer ball program.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Ray Carlson as the Marquette

County Veteran of the Year.
I thank him for a lifetime of dedicated

service and wish him all the best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUE HARRISON

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my honor to recognize Sue Harrison, the former

President of the Pebble Creek Republican Club.
Sue has distinguished herself by providing exceptional service to the

residents of the Pebble Creek area of Goodyear, Arizona.
Sue has worked

tirelessly to educate, train, and inspire the next generation of

citizens through civic engagement.
The efforts of Sue and the Pebble Creek Republican Club have been

pivotal to the success of elected officials and candidates in the

Phoenix West Valley.
I am thankful for Sue's leadership and dedication to conservative

principles.
I sincerely appreciate her service to the 8th Congressional

District and the State of Arizona.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF WILLIAM JOHN VUKOVICH, JR.
HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, today, we gather to pay tribute to a

legendary figure in the world of motorsports, Bill Vukovich, Jr., who

recently passed away at the age of 79.
Bill Vukovich, Jr., a native of

Fresno, California, was not only a highly accomplished racer but also

an integral part of a racing dynasty that left an indelible mark on the

sport.
Bill Vukovich, Jr. began his racing career in 1965 and continued

until 1983 competing in the IndyCar Series and USAC Championship.
His

talent and determination on the track earned him recognition, including

the title of the 1968 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year.
Over the

years, he participated in the Indy 500, achieving six top-10 finishes,

including a memorable second-place finish in 1973.
However, what set the Vukovich family apart was not just individual

success but their unique status as a three-generation racing family:

Bill Vukovich, Jr., his father Bill Vukovich, Sr.,