His

talent and determination on the track earned him recognition, including

the title of the 1968 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year.
Over the

years, he participated in the Indy 500, achieving six top-10 finishes,

including a memorable second-place finish in 1973.
However, what set the Vukovich family apart was not just individual

success but their unique status as a three-generation racing family:

Bill Vukovich, Jr., his father Bill Vukovich, Sr.,
and his son Bill

Vukovich, III became the first, three-generation family, to compete in

the prestigious Indianapolis 500.
Their ascent from being local racing

heroes in the heart of the Central Valley to the grandeur of the Indy

stage deeply resonated with the local community, providing them with

cherished figures to fervently rally behind.
Tragically, alongside

their triumphs, the Vukovich family also endured profound losses.
Bill

Vukovich, Sr.,
a two-time Indianapolis 500 champion, tragically lost

his life in a racing accident in 1955.
Bill Vukovich, Jr. was just 11

years old at the time, forever marked by the radio broadcast that

informed him of his father's fatal crash.
Then, in 1990, another

devastating blow struck the family when Bill Vukovich, III lost control

of his car during practice at Mesa Marin Raceway in Bakersfield,

resulting in a fatal crash.
Bill Vukovich, Jr. was 46 when he

tragically lost his only son, known affectionately as ``Billy.''
Reflecting on these unimaginable losses, Bill Vukovich, Jr. once

said, ``It happened to me twice--the impossible happened twice.''
The

biography of the Vukovich family published in 2012, authored by Bones

Bourcier, revealed the profound impact of these tragedies, especially

the loss of Billy Vukovich, III, on Bill Vukovich, Jr., describing it

as a ``total loss of control.''
In 1981, Bill Vukovich, Jr. was rightfully inducted into the Fresno

Athletic Hall of Fame, joining his father, who was part of the 1959

induction class, and his son, who was honored in 2007.
Throughout his

racing career, Bill Vukovich, Jr. participated in 158 races, achieving

Top 10 finishes an impressive 85 times.
His journey included thrilling

Saturday nights at Kearney Bowl, a now-defunct dirt oval track in

southwest Fresno.
In 2019, the City of Fresno paid tribute to the

Vukovich racing legacy by placing a memorial in front of Selland Arena

in downtown Fresno.
Today, as we remember Bill Vukovich, Jr., we can

find solace in the thought that he has found peace and has reunited

with his beloved son.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring

the life and legacy of Bill Vukovich, Jr. His contributions to

motorsports and the enduring spirit of the Vukovich racing dynasty will

forever hold a special place in the heart of our community and the

world of racing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GREGORY ``DON'' HUNSUCKER

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Gregory

``Don'' Hunsucker, a beloved husband, brother, father, and leader.
Born on August 29, 1947, Gregory was one of two sons born to Gragrie

and Jolene (Frazier) Hunsucker.
Growing up, Don learned lessons such as

to always fight for what is right, to help those who can't help

themselves, and to never, ever give up which served him well when

doctors told him he would never walk again due to an accident he

sustained while riding a horse at Church camp.
True to his virtues, Don

not only walked again but went on to pursue his athletic aspirations at

Parlier High school and even college after.
Parlier High is also where Don met the love of his life, Linda Mae,

who he described as the prettiest girl he ever saw.
Lucky for him, her

devotion matched his infatuation and the two shared a bond for the next

55 years, dedicating their lives to their greatest gifts, Jerry and

Michelle.
As a husband and father, Mr. Hunsucker cherished every moment

with his family.