The Minister shakes his head, but if we have shut down all that capacity—if we cannot generate the electricity ourselves—we will have to get it from other places.
There are phenomena called wind droughts, which can go on for very long periods.
What are we going to do when the wind turbines are not turning and the sun is not shining during a very cold spell in the middle of winter?
We had one or two close scares this winter.
The generating margin that we used to enjoy has gone.
The great risk of accelerating the decarbonisation of the electricity system is that there will be more appeals for voluntary or compulsory restraint from industry, because industry is the hidden customer that is shut off when we are short of electricity, or we risk more brownouts or even blackouts.
That not impossible, so where is the data that the Minister is placing so much confidence in that shows these forecasts to be wrong?
I am not making them off my own bat—there are plenty of people out there making them.
That brings me to the final brief point I want to make.
I understand the logic that the Minister explained in his letter to me.
I absolutely share that ambition, but the question is how quickly we can get there.
At the moment, tidal power produces almost nothing as a proportion of our electricity requirement.
It is also intermittent, by the way: four times a day, there is a period during which it does not generate anything and we need to replace that supply with other things.
The real challenge is how we get to the objective that the hon.
Gentleman and I share in a rational way that carries the British public with us.
It is noticeable that what people are complaining about most is the price on their electricity bills.
Today, the constraint costs, balancing costs, infrastructure costs and import costs that I mentioned make up perhaps 50% of domestic electricity bills.
If that figure is wrong, let the Minister produce some figures of his own that explain what proportion of consumers’ bills arises from all those factors, because it is not explained.
There is no transparency on our electricity bills.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s point about the objective of decarbonisation, we are not going to get there at all if we lose the public—if the lights start browning out or going out, and we find that we cannot meet demand.
To some extent, we are piling up that demand by decarbonising transport and other parts of the system, including decarbonising building heating through heat pumps.
The demand for electricity will rise, but our capacity to produce it reliably at all hours and in all conditions is being reduced.
On the question of imports and exports, we might become a net exporter of electricity, but perhaps the hon.
Gentleman can explain how the price at which we are exporting compares with the price at which we are importing.
The difficulty is that we will be importing when the wind is not blowing or the sun is not shining, and it is likely that the wind will not be blowing across the entirety of the North sea, so we will be importing fossil fuel-generated power at a very high cost to compensate for the fact that we have got rid of our own gas production and gas-fired power stations.
I am not sure that situation will be very good.
If the hon.
Gentleman would look at the Arup report on the Tarchon interconnector, which will come into my constituency under the present plans, he will see that that interconnector will not actually contribute very much to security of supply, but will be used almost entirely to export when there is too much wind.
It will export at below the strike price because there is too much wind and it will export at a loss, and the cost will finish up on the bills of the British consumer.
So the British consumer is paying for all the investment, paying for the strike prices, paying for the infrastructure and then paying to subsidise the exports to the Germans, who will be the beneficiaries of all this investment.
I appeal to the Minister to just read the Arup report and look at this.
That is why I asked about the offshore co-ordination support scheme work that has been done.
I am not going to ask for the impossible and ask him to revive the OCSS, but I would like from him an assurance that the work ESO has done will not simply be thrown away and wasted.
Please can he assure the House that that work will be incorporated into the spatial plan that ESO says it wants to produce?
Some very interesting innovations came out of that work, but there was also a lot of work discrediting the long-term viability of Norwich to Tilbury and, looking on a different timeframe—in the longer term—that could produce a much more viable alternative than is currently on the table.
There is still work to be done on that, but I have no doubt that Fintan Slye will want to do that work as part of his project for the Government.
I would like to know that the Minister is going to support the holistic approach to which the Secretary of State referred, because Norwich to Tilbury is certainly not the product of a strategic approach to electricity grid upgrading.
We need a much more strategic approach, and I am looking for that from this Government, but it certainly will not come from this Bill.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech with my parents and husband in the Gallery today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Eastleigh (Liz Jarvis) , who gave an impassioned speech showing how deeply she cares for her community, its heritage and in particular the history of caring for refugees.
She spoke so lovingly of her late parents.
It is the honour of my life to be elected as the first ever MP for Stratford and Bow.
I was born in east London, and I have lived in Stratford and in Bow.
I studied at one of our brilliant local universities, Queen Mary.
To go from local student to local MP in 20 years has been quite the homecoming.
Not getting our declaration result until nearly 6 am really did bring back memories of stumbling home from uni.
I pay tribute to the force of nature Lyn Brown, who served her home West Ham as the Member of Parliament for 19 years, and for a total of 36 years of selfless service to communities in Newham.
A true east London girl, her guidance and support have been invaluable.
I have no doubt that her contribution to the east end and public life will continue.
I also inherit Bow from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) .
She is another trail-blazer, as the first Bangladeshi-origin woman elected to Parliament.
She has inspired a generation with the promise of what is possible.
Although Stratford and Bow is a new parliamentary constituency, its history is old and rich.
The Woman’s Hall at Old Ford Road in Bow was home to Sylvia Pankhurst and Norah Smyth and the headquarters of the East London Federation of Suffragettes from 1914 until 1924.
It was the beating heart of the east end suffrage movement, and the home of the matchgirls’ strike and the largest union of women and girls in the country.
Every corner is filled with the history of the struggle for women’s rights and for our voices to be heard; a history that I will work every day to honour.
As a proud grand- daughter of a trade unionist and a member of the GMB union, I go forward in their memory and will continue to fight for working people.
Parts of my constituency have been represented by illustrious political figures including Charles Key, Keir Hardie, Lansbury and Clement Attlee, who led the Labour Government that created our beloved NHS—so no pressure on this new Member.
Our stunning Victoria park with its breathtaking canals opened to the public in 1845 and became the people’s park: a centre for political meetings and rallies with speakers such as William Morris and Annie Besant.
It is not just political history that we are blessed with in Stratford and Bow.
I am sure that many hon.
Members in the Chamber love nothing more than going home after a long day sitting in the Chamber and putting on their favourite grime playlist.
They can thank Bow for playing an integral part in the origins of grime music, with Roman Road and its once-beloved record shop producing artists and crews such as Roll Deep and Skepta to name just two.
Over in Newham, we have our top boy Kano.
I can see that I have completely baffled some hon.
Members—[Laughter.]
For those whose tastes are a bit more retro, we are also home to ABBA Voyage.
My constituency is a place where people can come and spend their money, money, money in some of our brilliant local and international businesses.
Of course—it cannot be missed—sitting at the heart of my constituency is the London stadium: a place of joy and wonder from the 2012 Olympics and some of our most wonderful sporting achievements.
As this generation of Team GB Paralympians competes in Paris, I send my wishes to them.
The ability to bring people together that sport possesses is like nothing else, so it is a privilege and honour to be the Member of Parliament for the greatest club in world football—sorry, Keir—West Ham.
As a Hammer since  5 July —[Laughter]—I am proud to be forever blowing bubbles.
I know that there are several Hammers fans on the Government Benches and throughout the parliamentary estate—probably more of us than Members on the Opposition Benches.
Stratford and Bow is a wonderful, vibrant and diverse constituency, and our current heritage lives up to that history.
Forest Gate is the home of independent cafes and shops and Forest Gayte Pride, overlooking the nature and beauty of Wanstead Flats.
There are the bustling shops of Green Street serving communities throughout east London, alongside mosques, temples, synagogues, gurdwaras and churches.
It is a place that is truly representative of the rich tapestry of cultures and people that make up our great capital city, London.
People from all over the world have come to Stratford and Bow to make the UK their home.
My constituency is a prime example of Britain at its best, with pearly kings and queens, and white, European, Indian, Bengali, Pakistani, Chinese, African, Asian, middle eastern, Caribbean communities and more living side by side and working together to make a better society for everyone.
Wherever someone is from, they are welcome in Stratford and Bow.
I am proud, too, to have origins as an east London girl born in Homerton hospital, but I was born here but by fate.
I am the daughter of Tamil refugees and the child of a community that knows what it is like to endure prejudice and persecution.
My parents, proud and patriotic British citizens, came to Britain over 40 years ago, but they did not simply come here; they fled for their lives, forced to leave behind everything and everyone they knew and loved, torn from a good and prosperous life in their prime to start from scratch in an unfamiliar country, working multiple jobs day and night to give me the chances that were taken from them.
Britain welcomed my parents with open arms so that they could rebuild their lives and flourish, and it was the east end that they first chose to call their home.
This is the London that I know and love, and it is the story of Britain and British values at its best: outward looking and compassionate; a country where people can work hard and triumph.
Mum and dad, thank you for everything: your endurance and your will to succeed—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
You are part of the success story of Britain, and that is a story that can be found in every corner of Stratford and Bow and in every part of Britain, with the hope and aspiration for a better tomorrow that all parents have for their children and the dreams of a safe and secure life.
It is that hope and determination to fight for a better future that this Labour Government will work hard every day to deliver.
Whether the people of Stratford and Bow were born here, came here in search of a better life or just moved to the best bit of London—whatever their start in life—I will ensure that their voices are heard and valued.
I pledge to work day in, day out to tackle the root causes of poverty, to fight for more police on our streets so that women and girls feel safe to walk home at night, parents do not have to worry about knife crime and young men are not having to look over their shoulders when they walk home after dark, and to fight for an NHS that is here for us in our time of need, where patients can be seen in wards, not corridors.
Delivering my maiden speech during the GB energy debate is apt.
Climate change remains one of the greatest challenges of our time, and we must redouble our efforts.
Before I came to this place, I worked internationally on climate action with cities around the world, the United Nations and civil society to help stop our world going past the point of no return and ensure that generations who come after us have a world that has not been destroyed because of our failure to act or our fear of being bold.
I feel deeply the responsibility that I have to repay the faith that the people of Stratford and Bow have placed in me and the duty that I have to be their voice here in Westminster.
I will work every day for that and for the values and pledges that I was elected on.
Thank you.
I am grateful to be making my maiden speech in this debate on the Great British Energy Bill.
Given my constituency’s links to energy production at the Morecambe Bay gasfields,  it is in a unique position to be a leader in clean green energy with offshore wind and tidal power.
Spirit Energy has ambitious plans to convert our depleted gasfields and onshore terminal into a world-class carbon storage cluster.
This project will support our net zero ambitions, along with providing thousands of highly skilled green jobs in Cumbria, supporting the transition from oil and gas.
The plan will bring a multi-billion-pound investment locally, promoting growth and further regional investment that will assist us in making our local economy more sustainable.
I congratulate all those who have made their maiden speeches today, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Dr Opher) .
It has been inspiring to witness so many incredible maiden speeches over the past few months.
It has been fascinating to hear those gems of information about people and places, as Members speak about their constituencies with such passion, and the many varied paths and often moving stories that have brought them to this House.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Simon Fell.
We disagreed on many matters over the years, but his commitment to BAE Systems and the nuclear deterrent was clear and something on which we could both very much agree.
His kind and generous advice during the election campaign was gratefully received and I would encourage everyone in this House to behave in a similar manner.
I wish my grandma could be here to see me today, as she would, like the rest of my family, be bursting with pride.
She would no doubt remind me of the time that she took me to the cinema when I was a toddler.
I had decided to make myself comfortable, so I kicked off my shoes to watch the film.
Part way through, I climbed off my seat and, with instant regret, found that I had stepped on an ice cream lid.
The cold and sticky ice cream quickly seeped through my socks.
So angry was four-year-old me that I turned to face the whole audience, and, with hands on hips, loudly demanded to know who was responsible, declaring that whoever it was should come and pick it up.
My grandma was understandably mortified by my outburst during the film, and it was 20 years before she confessed that it was her ice cream lid.
I could not be prouder to be not only the first local to be elected as MP for Barrow and Furness, but the first ever female to hold this very privileged position.
I started my career in banking way back in the ’80s, but found very quickly that my passion would take me elsewhere.
With an insuppressible drive to call out injustice, my mouth soon ensured that I was elected as our union rep, and within a couple of years I was asked to take on that role for the north-west region.
I will never forget how I felt when my manager took me aside to tell me that, if I accepted that responsibility, I could kiss goodbye to my career in banking.
I did not need time to think about it; I took the job.
There is nothing in this world more likely to make me dig my heels in than a bully.
My constituency is well known for many things.
We have been world leaders in ironworks, with the founders of Barrow exporting railways to the world.
They understood that, for a secure economy, we needed more than one industry and created the jute manufacturing business that became a world leader in its own right.
The ironworks eventually became a shipyard where we now build our nuclear deterrent, the most complex piece of engineering on the planet, and we are the only place in the UK that is capable of doing that.
We protect our nation—a source of great pride to us locally—with the industry  that is the backbone of the economy in Barrow and Furness, and many other towns across the UK, in a supply chain of tens of thousands of jobs.
Our coastline is home to many areas of natural beauty and protected habitats—from Ravenglass, where people can explore on a mini steam train, visit Muncaster Castle with its rich history and birds of prey, or enjoy the truly unspoiled area that is the western Lake district; all the way down to Walney Island nature reserve, with its adorable grey seals and stunning views, not least of which is its view of the island of Piel, which hosts its own king no less.
Tradition holds that the landlord of the sole pub, while sitting in an ancient chair, carrying a sword and wearing a helmet, is crowned by the pouring of alcohol over their head.
Shout out to John Murphy, our local historian and former Mayor of Burrow, for his fantastic walking tours to Piel.
Morecambe bay and the Duddon estuaries are our playgrounds, and my hometown of Ulverston, which earlier this year was reported to be one of the most vibrant towns in the UK, is known as the festival town, and has well and truly earned its title.
There are festivals for everything from walking, Walkfest, to printing, Printfest; comedy and music, with a tenuous link to Laurel and Hardy’s “Another Fine Mess”, Finefest; and my favourite, the one I help to organise each year, Dickensian.
The hashtag for that one made headline news in Japan, and I will leave Members to work it out for themselves.
[Laughter.]
I have been incredibly lucky that I was able to take time out when my children were little and build a business on the high street with my sister.
Those 20 years, through recessions, online shopping, out-of-town retail and covid, were a steep learning curve, but one that I would not change for the world.
Our high streets are one of my passions.
They are the very heart of our communities and Britain’s biggest employer—worthy of nurturing, protecting and revitalising.
I very much welcome our plans and the opportunity to support them in this Government.
We have many famous sons and daughters from Barrow and Furness.
Stan Laurel, comedy giant and half of the duo Laurel and Hardy, was born in Ulverston.
My apologies to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth) ; his town has been trying to claim Stan Laurel for years, but he was definitely an Ulverston lad.
Dalton, the ancient capital of Furness, was birthplace and early home of famous painter George Romney, and Tommy Johnson, the third-highest goal scorer for Man City, who made five appearances for England and scored in every single match.
That might be a bit too far back for most to remember, because he was born in 1901, but other Barrow-born football heroes are Emlyn Hughes, whose statue now graces Abbey Road in Barrow, and Georgia Stanway, who I believe is now overdue her own statue for her achievements in the England squad.
While we are on football, I have to say good luck to the Barrow Bluebirds in their upcoming match against Chelsea—you have great football genes on your side, so let’s have it!
Sir John Barrow, famous son of Ulverston, became the second secretary to the admiralty—to you and me, that is in charge of the Navy.
He wrote the report that became the basis for what we now know as the mutiny   on the Bounty.
He was the last man to shake Lord Nelson’s hand as he departed on HMS Victory for Trafalgar, and was a great promotor of Arctic voyages of discovery, with many places around the globe now named after him, including Barrow strait, Cape Barrow and Point Barrow in Alaska, but oddly not Barrow-in-Furness.
I have fought long and hard to give a voice to our residents as their councillor and mayor, and I have often been angered by decisions that cost our communities dearly.
Next week, our Lib Dem council will decide the fate of one of the busiest libraries in Cumbria—the last remaining community space that is free to use, where many community groups ensure that a vital safety net is provided, and where no matter what someone’s background or financial position is, they have a safe place to learn and achieve.
I hope that the council will listen to the 3,000-plus people who have signed a petition to save it, and decide to work with me and local businesses to secure its future.
Our local community groups and third sector organisations have proved vital in recent years, and I am a strong believer that most problems have a solution at grassroots level, through community groups such as the Roxy Collective, Drop Zone, Women’s Community Matters, the Ulverston Resilience Group, Community Solutions, and Furness Refugee Support to name just a few—or Love Barrow Families, whose work is so life changing for some that they return as volunteers to give that same gift to others.
In my role as MP for Barrow and Furness, I want to give their voice more power.
I want to bring community groups together with residents and businesses, big and small, as that is how community works at its best, for the betterment of everyone in it.
Many MPs make unique claims in their maiden speeches.
If I was a gambling woman, I would bet that I am the only MP to be married to a lighthouse keeper—I am hoping the weather is okay back home, because he is sat in the Gallery now.
[Laughter.]
My better half is the senior lighthouse keeper in charge of the Sir John Barrow monument, a copy of the Eddystone lighthouse that stands on top of Hoad hill and welcomes the people of Furness home.
Finally, I encourage all hon.
Members to come and visit Barrow and Furness—but with a fair warning that several of them will, of course, feel obliged to return to this Chamber and correct the record on which is the best constituency.
Much like one of Clwyd East’s famous sons, John Prescott, who hails from Prestatyn, I do hope my maiden speech packs a punch.
Given that the custom in a maiden speech is for the new Member to talk about some of the best bits of their constituency, coming back from a summer of attending carnivals, fêtes, agricultural shows, a classic car festival, a duck race, fun days and dog shows has made my job today a little easier.
Today, I am going to take the House on a whistle-stop tour of Clwyd East, a place that it is my great privilege to represent.
It is apt that I give my maiden speech in a debate about Great British Energy, as Clwyd East boasts on its coastline the port of Mostyn, with Gwynt y Môr wind farm, a UK leader in offshore wind power, and North Hoyle offshore wind farm, off the coast of Prestatyn.
Both demonstrate the transformative nature of offshore wind for our country, through the energy that they generate and the local employment that they provide.
Great British Energy will see that go even further, tackling the climate crisis and creating good-quality, long-term, sustainable skilled jobs in north Wales and across the UK.
Prestatyn’s beautiful stretch of coastline is not just useful for producing clean energy; it is also a hub of tourism, with its blue flag beaches, beautifully kept station and public gardens, and high street with lots of brilliant local businesses.
Though I am proud to be the first MP for the new constituency of Clwyd East, I pay tribute to my predecessor in this part of the seat, Dr James Davies, the former MP for the Vale of Clwyd constituency.
From Prestatyn, James used his time in Parliament to be a dementia champion, and served his country in Government.
Holywell is the next major town along the coast.
St Winefride’s well, the Lourdes of Wales, brings in thousands of visitors a year.
There is the old water mill at Basingwerk Abbey, based at Greenfield valley, famed for its cotton and textile mills in the 19th century, and latterly for its brilliant heritage trails, wonderful dog walks and very challenging parkrun.
Holywell High Street is also home to Holywell Area Community Museum, which features my great-grandfather’s St John Ambulance uniform and my great-uncle’s mining helmet from the Point of Ayr colliery.
Clwyd East has a proud mining  heritage, with most families near the coast having links to the Point of Ayr or Bettisfield collieries.
That heritage also formed an important part of my upbringing, and is the reason I am so proud of Labour’s commitment to end the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
As the 684th woman to be elected to Parliament, I would like to pay tribute to Eirene White, a trail-blazer and—like yourself, Madam Deputy Speaker—a Deputy Speaker who was integral to Labour’s commitment to equal pay, as the 58th woman elected to Parliament.
Clwyd East has a vast and diverse geography, containing coastal towns, the Clwydian mountain range and the many unique villages at its base.
These villages provide much in terms of innovation and activity, through the brilliant initiatives they champion and fantastic events that they hold—from community-owned pubs and shops to agricultural shows and music festivals.
Hailing from the small village of Bagillt, I am immensely proud to have such a wealth of impressive, small and mighty villages in my constituency.
Farming is central to the economy and culture of Clwyd East, with 68% of the constituency serving as agricultural land.
In May, I headed to Clawdd Offa farm, near Northop, to meet National Farmers Union county chairman David Williams and his family on their dairy farm.
After a brief chat, we headed out into an enclosed field full of cows.
In one of the more surreal moments of being a parliamentary candidate, I looked out in front of me and could not help but observe aloud, “Why would anyone want to spend their days in an enclosed space with hordes of rowdy, lowing mammals?”, to which David replied, “I quite agree Becky—you must be mad!”
Moving south, Clwyd East’s smallest town is Caerwys, which played host to the very first Eisteddfod, and is also the home of Dr Tim Erasmus, chair of the Caerwys Historical Society and my very much admired former politics teacher.
Next is the historic market town of Mold, a town very close to my heart as it is where I spent many summers performing with my dance school at Theatr Clwyd and where I went to sixth form at the Alun school.
The Alun school worked to give its students the best opportunities to succeed—something that I am firmly committed to.
Maximising opportunities for young people is a passion that I know I share with one former predecessor from the Delyn constituency, David Hanson—after all, I first came to Parliament on work experience with David 13 years ago.
So committed is David to providing opportunities for young people that he is continuing to monitor and support my development by joining the other place as Lord Hanson.
I am so proud and excited to work alongside a political hero of mine under a new Labour Government, whose resolve to do the very same thing 32 years ago paved the way for me and a generation of young people to access opportunities and succeed.
Between 2019 and 2024, Delyn was served by Rob Roberts.
I am heartened by Rob’s local roots and close ties with the community that brought him up, as well as his keenness to work with community councils and his proud use of the Welsh language, having gone to the Welsh-medium school Maes Garmon.
Fel mae nhw dweud, “Cenedl heb iaith, cenedl heb galon.”
As well as having educated two MPs, Mold is also the home of Daniel Owen square; Bailey Hill, or Mold castle; and a thriving number of independent shops and businesses.
With a summer recess of sampling cakes at local fêtes having taken its toll on my waistline, I am grateful to the brilliant independent clothes shops that have saved the day, including Simmi, where I found the perfect outfit to make my maiden speech in.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Thank you; that is very kind!
As is the case throughout the constituency, people in Mold take great pride in their town and contribute to the rolling series of events and festivals throughout the year.
I am also privileged to represent the beautiful town of Ruthin, with its rich history and enduring architecture.
As well as Ruthin castle and its resident peacocks, the local community has worked to make sure that Ruthin’s old courthouse, jail and market hall are restored and open to the public.
Ruthin also hosts the incredibly popular Ruthin festival, a fantastic annual event run by local volunteers and proudly conducted yn Gymraeg.
Heading over the horseshoe pass, the final large town of the constituency is Llangollen.
As the host of the annual Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, Llan is proud to be the place where “Wales welcomes the world”.
I did have tickets to the Eisteddfod this year—a night of west end musical numbers on  4 July —but clearly  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  had other ideas.
With Llangollen in my constituency, I must hold the title for the constituency with the best and most varied days out.
Where else could you expect to ride on a heritage steam train in the morning and head just 10 minutes down the road to kayak across an aqueduct with UNESCO world heritage status in the afternoon?
Llangollen railway and the Froncysyllte aqueduct are only part of what Clwyd East has to offer.
If you are feeling a bit dizzy at this point, Madam Deputy Speaker, that is because you have just travelled about 40 miles in—hopefully—around eight minutes.
Whether it is supporting local businesses to thrive, improving public transport, keeping our communities safe, improving people’s rights at work or helping young people to fulfil their potential, I will do all I can for the people of Clwyd East, and I will work tirelessly to repay the trust that they have placed in me.
I have had the opportunity to hear some amazing maiden speeches in this House.
Following such fantastic speeches, I must admit that I feel a bit nervous standing here, but I am also deeply honoured to be in the House.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clwyd East (Becky Gittins)  for her fantastic maiden speech and for graciously meeting my family when they visited last year; they are her constituents.
It is clear to me that the talent, enthusiasm and fresh thinking that the new cohort of MPs are bringing into this House will help to restore our country’s fortunes and deliver the change that the country voted for.
I am delighted to make my first speech in the debate on GB Energy.
For many years, it has not sat right with me that our neighbours and trading partners around the world have benefited from the investment of UK plc in clean energy.
Whether it is wind farms built in Scandinavia, or investment in nuclear by our French  Government partners, the UK public has been sold short on clean energy investment.
It is right that the Labour Government are taking forward plans for sovereign, safe and secure energy in the UK—that is very welcome in my constituency.
I will use this speech to introduce myself and my constituency to the House, recognise the careers of my predecessors, and to set out my vision for the future of Northampton.
Despite coming from a family of teachers and educators, and despite the best efforts of my dad, who joins me today from the Public Gallery, and my mum, who is watching from home, school and exams definitely did not come naturally to me.
After a difficult results day, I managed to get to university via a foundation degree, and I found my passion in civil engineering.
I have been fortunate since then to have progressed through the industry—from engineering to commercial and project management—and then into senior leadership roles.
I am really proud to have been recognised as a global leader in my field by my peers in the profession, despite a less-than-ideal start in life—one of my own making—and to have had my career shaped by amazing experiences, projects and people around the world.
I thank in particular my friend and mentor, Jon Williams, who has helped me the whole way through my journey, and my very good friend and former podcast co-host, Jeremy Brim, for all their guidance.
I also thank my former bosses, Jason Millett and Davendra Dabasia, and my amazing former work-winning team, for giving me the space and support that I needed to pursue my political passions alongside a demanding day job.
I come to this place as an advocate for the built environment.
To be honest, I could not be in a better place now, with a Government focused on growth and on transforming and future-proofing our energy, housing and transportation infrastructure.
Many of my friends and industry colleagues asked why on earth I would want to stand for Parliament, but my journey into the world of politics has been shaped by my time in industry.
I first saw the impact of austerity on my public sector clients, with school programmes cancelled, infrastructure investment stalled and hospitals left crying out for funding.
That drove me to join the Labour party and find my political voice, determined to ensure that our public sector gets from Government the support and funding that it desperately needs.
When the opportunity came to stand and make a difference, I chose to stand where I live: Northampton.
I met my wife Katie, who also joins us from the Public Gallery, just down the road in Wellingborough, and Northamptonshire has been my home for nearly 20 years now.
I still have a place in my heart for my home town of Romsey, which is well represented by you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
]
But I am proud to call myself a Northamptonian and to represent the town that I live in and love.
Northampton South is a vibrant constituency.
From Duston and Upton in the west, the Hunsburys and Shelfleys, Wootton, Collingtree, Hardingstone and Great Houghton in the south, and areas such as Weston Favell, Billing and Rectory Farm in the eastern district, each area of my beautiful constituency has its own individual identity.
In the centre of my constituency remains the legacy of the shoe-and-boot trade that was once the main employer in my town.
The Church’s shoe factory remains in St James, and the surrounding terraces  in Far Cotton and Delapre are still standing strong nearly 200 years after they were built.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Lucy Rigby)  noted yesterday, Church’s holds the honour of being the chosen cordwainer of a renowned former Member for Sedgefield.
Great institutions such as our university, our general hospital, our football club and our Premiership-winning rugby club sit in Northampton South.
[Interruption.]
I was expecting a “Shoe army!”
then, but that’s fine.
My constituency includes Brackmills, one of the most successful business improvement districts in the UK.
Thousands of people are employed at Brackmills, which plays host to over 330 brilliant businesses, spanning food production, logistics and fulfilment, manufacturing, healthcare, and research and development.
I look forward to working with the BID team to ensure that it continues to be a major employment hub in Northampton South for years to come.
Anyone who has visited my constituency or grew up there will know that we are the home of the national lift tower, which stands at over 400 feet high—taller than the Statue of Liberty.
The formation of the newly shaped Northampton South constituency means that I have had the opportunity to take over from two former Members of Parliament who had had very different experiences and careers in this House, and I would like to pay tribute to them both.
Andrew Lewer, the previous MP for the former Northampton South constituency, was focused on parliamentary business and tackled the challenges that he saw as the most important to the UK.
He championed the Motor Neurone Disease Association, which is headquartered in Northampton, as well as independent schools and house building.
Locally, he will continue to be recognised through the annual Spencer Percival debate that he helped to set up in the town.
He is also the only person to have held the positions of leader of a council, Member of the European Parliament and Member of this House—a testament to his public service.
I also take over in part from Dame Andrea Leadsom, the former Member of Parliament for South Northamptonshire.
Many of the southern villages that have now joined Northampton South were in her constituency.
Dame Andrea served as a Secretary of State under the previous Government, and had a formidable record of championing parents and children, including by establishing the Northamptonshire Parent Infant Partnership in my county.
Many of the people who have written to me since my election have praised her advocacy for them as their constituency MP.
It is clear that she made a massive difference not only in this House
but in our county.
Northampton may hold the accolade of being the largest town in the UK—I will take that up with hon.
Members for Reading after the debate—but our town has had a continual lack of investment, and a lack of vision and drive to make it better.
Unfortunately, we have had no shortage of Conservative scandals: public loans to our football club went missing, our county council was made bankrupt, the former police, fire and crime commissioner stood down over misogyny complaints, and alleged domestic abuse meant that that the leader of the council resigned and now stands as an independent.
Trust in politicians in Northampton is at an all-time low, but there is hope for Northampton, and it comes with a Labour Government.
This Labour Government will make Northampton a place to be proud of.
We will tackle our chronic air quality challenges; fix our roads; improve our bus network; ensure that housing is affordable, of good quality and highly sustainable; make work pay and a route out of poverty; grow the co-operative, social enterprise and mutual sector in our town; bring NHS dentists back to Northampton; end the 8 am scramble for GP appointments; face head-on the funding gap left in our public services; and address the special educational needs and disabilities crisis that is rocking our county.
It is clear that there is a lot of work to do, but as I said in my acceptance speech at the count, the hard work starts here, and I really mean it.
I cannot wait to get started.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to give my maiden speech in this important debate.
The ongoing transition of our energy system is having a profound and, sadly, often harmful impact on many of the communities in my constituency, so I am very hopeful that the provisions in the Bill will begin at last to put the future of renewable energy in the service of those I represent.
I warmly commend to my hon.
Friends on the Front Bench the proposals, of which I am sure they will be aware, for Great British Energy to be given a duty to deliver nature recovery alongside its other objectives.
I begin this speech by paying tribute to my predecessor, who served our constituency and this House faithfully for many years.
The clear proof of the diligence with which he carried out his duties and the respect he earned from his constituents was plainly obvious from the feedback on the doorstep throughout the general election.
I especially want to thank my predecessor for the work he did to support the campaign for Hugh’s law to secure better financial support for parents caring for seriously ill children, and also for his work fighting for the restoration of the several internationally significant chalk schemes that flow through North East Hertfordshire.
I look forward to doing what I can to further both of those important projects during my time in this place.
Although the many years of my predecessor’s incumbency have all but erased it from our memory, I am not in fact the first Member of my party to represent communities in North East Hertfordshire.
The late, great, trailblazing Shirley Williams, when she was first elected as a Labour MP, represented many of the areas that make up my constituency.
Despite the intervening 60 years, I found reading her maiden speech from 1964 very helpful in preparing for this moment, for, as she said then, the constituency I represent is in “many ways…a microcosm” of much of our country.
North East Hertfordshire from Hinxworth to Bayford contains many small rural communities full of important history and culture—from the home of George Orwell in Wallington to the stained-glass windows designed by William Morris and pre-Raphaelite artists in Waterford.
In Baldock, Buntingford and Royston, we have quintessentially English market towns, home to fantastic independent businesses as well as nationally significant companies such as Johnson Matthey.
In Letchworth, we have the world’s first garden city, built on the principles of the common ownership of land, which to this day offers a radical example of how to better design and build the communities of the future.
Surrounding it all, we have some of the best agricultural land in the country, with local farmers such as those near Groundswell in Weston and Finches farm in Benington spearheading the ecological innovation we need to grow fantastic food in harmony with nature.
Yet in my experience of speaking to residents right across North East Hertfordshire, the recurring theme is of communities dispirited and frustrated at having their needs put aside in the interests of what others have called progress, so I will close by mentioning one debt of honour that I want to bring to hon.
Members’ attention at this time.
I have been asked to keep the following story anonymous by the family in question, but I believe it illustrates powerfully how the communities outside our urban centres are too often treated.
During the general election, as I reached the last road canvassing in a particularly idyllic village in my constituency, I came to knock on the final door in a quiet row of terraces.
After initially waiting without answer, I was about to leave when I was called over by a voice from the passenger seat of a nearby car.
The gentleman sat there was not old and was keen to speak, but was clearly very ill.
Between painful coughing and laboured breathing, he explained to me how in the construction of new housing in the meadow beyond his street, agricultural sheds containing asbestos were demolished with almost incomprehensible recklessness in a single afternoon by workers who were themselves equipped with virtually none of the necessary protective equipment.
Rather than the asbestos being carefully removed, it was smashed up on site, creating large clouds of hazardous dust right next to the existing homes.
The gentleman I was speaking to had, tragically, subsequently contracted asbestosis, which had ruined his health and left him barely able to travel from his front door to his car.
Despite the concerns he raised at the time, no one was ever held to account for these actions, and he urged me passionately to raise the dangers associated with the rushed and unsafe demolition of agricultural buildings containing asbestos at the earliest opportunity if I was elected as his MP.
I am sorry to inform the House that when I returned a few weeks later to speak to him about honouring his request and including this story in my maiden speech, I was told by his widow that he had recently passed away.
The chance for any meaningful justice for this family has now gone with him.
Meanwhile, developers have no doubt pocketed a return on investment that much fatter for having fatally cut corners at the expense of local residents.
Whether it is profit-led developments, the cancellation of bus routes, or the closure of banks and village schools, the fundamental experience of towns and villages like those in North East Hertfordshire has too often been one of being done to and expected to endure, rather than one of being looked after, worked with and empowered to contribute.
It is this, above all, that I hope to chip away at in my contributions in this place.
I thank the House for listening patiently to my first attempt, and my constituents for giving me the opportunity to do so.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for giving me the opportunity to make my maiden speech during the debate on this important Bill.
I welcome efforts to provide renewable energy, bring down heating bills and support the growth of our green manufacturing industry.
I hope the Bill will make clear provisions for GB Energy to engage with local communities such as mine in Eastleigh.
I would also like to congratulate  the hon.
Member for North East Hertfordshire (Chris Hinchliff)  on his excellent speech.
I am incredibly humbled and honoured to be the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Eastleigh, and grateful to all those who put their trust in me to represent them.
I am also grateful to everyone who encouraged me on my journey to Westminster, but particularly Baroness Floella Benjamin, the former MP for Eastleigh Mike Thornton and the family of David Chidgey.
Lord Chidgey was committed to fighting to  keep our precious chalk stream, the River Itchen, free from sewage and pollution.
As my constituents know, I am continuing his legacy.
I also thank my predecessor and his team for their prompt response to hand over casework.
My constituency is a vibrant community of towns and villages.
The town of Eastleigh grew up around the railway line between Southampton and Winchester, and was named by local author Charlotte Yonge.
Eastleigh became a local point of aerial efforts during the first and second world wars, with Spitfires taking off from the airfield, which is now Southampton airport.
We have beautiful green spaces including Stoke Park wood in Bishopstoke, Flexford nature reserve in Valley Park, and Hiltingbury lakes in Chandler’s Ford.
West End is home to the Utilita Bowl cricket ground, where the late great Shane Warne captained Hampshire, a proud part of our sporting tradition.
We are also incredibly proud of our Spitfires, Eastleigh football club, who play in the national league.
We have all been inspired by our extraordinary athletes competing at the Olympics and Paralympics this summer.
I hope the House will join me in congratulating Eastleigh-born three-time Paralympic champion David Smith on his recent bronze medal win in Paris, and on his tireless championing of boccia.
Eastleigh’s Olympic heritage stretches back to 1932, when local hero Tommy Green, who was unable to walk until the age of five due to rickets, went on to win a gold medal in the men’s 50 km walk.
My constituency is also home to the fantastic Point theatre, with its brilliant programme of cultural events all year round, including the always popular Unwrapped festival, and we are lucky to have many fine pubs and craft breweries, including Steam Town in Eastleigh town, and Steel Tank Alehouse in Chandler’s Ford.
I also recommend the luscious Victoria sponge at Fountain café in Fair Oak.
Eastleigh has a proud history of helping to support refugees and evacuees.
In May 1937, children and adults fleeing the Spanish civil war were housed at a refugee camp in North Stoneham.
Eight-five years ago this week, Eastleigh communities welcomed evacuees from Gosport, and in 1940, refugees from Southampton.
More recently, our local council was one of the first authorities in England to house refugees fleeing the Taliban during the 2021 Afghanistan evacuation, and people across the constituency threw open their doors to families fleeing the war in Ukraine.
Earlier this summer, Eastleigh hosted the always popular annual Mela, organised by our Asian Welfare and Cultural Association, and in a few weeks, it will be Eastleigh Pride.
We have a warm, inclusive community in Eastleigh, which is very important to me, as is fighting to ensure that everyone in our community can access the NHS services they need, including GP and dentist appointments, and mental health care when they need it.
My mum died in March after a seven-year struggle with Alzheimer’s, and as anyone who has experience of caring for a loved one with dementia will know, with that awful disease you lose the person twice.
Mum was the daughter of Irish migrants, a member of the women’s liberation movement who took me on my first march when I was a toddler, and a member of the Labour party who knew MPs Joan Lestor and Tom Cox well.
She would go on to become a senior social worker.
My dad was from Hampshire and a former officer in the British Army who served his country for 16 years.
Although my mum and dad were diametrically opposed politically, they shared a strong sense of compassion, and they raised my sister and me with those same values.
Unfortunately, my parents were never in a position to own their own home, so I grew up in rented accommodation with all the insecurity and uncertainty that goes with it.
When my dad died suddenly before my 21st birthday, my mum found herself in the position that far too many people are facing today, with spiralling rents and the prospect of eviction looming over them.
Since becoming the MP for Eastleigh, I have received letters from residents facing eviction through no fault of their own on an almost daily basis.
I am proud that my party has been pushing for higher standards for renters so that everyone has a safe and secure home.
As a comprehensive-educated single mum who skipped meals to feed my son and keep a roof over his head during the so-called great recession, I know all too well how easy it can be to fall through the gaps.
After 14 years of the previous Government, far too many families in Eastleigh simply do not have any kind of safety net and are living hand to mouth.
It is incredibly important that we do everything we can to support those who continue to struggle with the cost of living and to lift children out of poverty, including by scrapping the two-child benefit cap, as well ensuring that all children have access to the education they deserve, including those with special educational needs.
I am passionate about ensuring that all children and young people in Eastleigh and across the UK are given the support, resources and opportunities to thrive and fulfil their full potential.
I will conclude by acknowledging the vital role that our local charities play in supporting families in Eastleigh, including Citizen’s Advice Eastleigh, Pavilions in the Park, Youth Options, and many more.
I promise I will do everything I can to support everyone in our community during my time in Westminster, and to be the strong voice in Parliament that the people of Eastleigh deserve.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech with my parents and husband in the Gallery today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Eastleigh (Liz Jarvis) , who gave an impassioned speech showing how deeply she cares for her community, its heritage and in particular the history of caring for refugees.
She spoke so lovingly of her late parents.
It is the honour of my life to be elected as the first ever MP for Stratford and Bow.
I was born in east London, and I have lived in Stratford and in Bow.
I studied at one of our brilliant local universities, Queen Mary.
To go from local student to local MP in 20 years has been quite the homecoming.
Not getting our declaration result until nearly 6 am really did bring back memories of stumbling home from uni.
I pay tribute to the force of nature Lyn Brown, who served her home West Ham as the Member of Parliament for 19 years, and for a total of 36 years of selfless service to communities in Newham.
A true east London girl, her guidance and support have been invaluable.
I have no doubt that her contribution to the east end and public life will continue.
I also inherit Bow from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) .
She is another trail-blazer, as the first Bangladeshi-origin woman elected to Parliament.
She has inspired a generation with the promise of what is possible.
Although Stratford and Bow is a new parliamentary constituency, its history is old and rich.
The Women’s Hall at Old Ford Road in Bow was home to Sylvia Pankhurst and Norah Smyth and the headquarters of the East London Federation of Suffragettes from 1914 until 1924.
It was the beating heart of the east end suffrage movement, and the home of the matchgirls’ strike and the largest union of women and girls in the country.
Every corner is filled with the history of the struggle for women’s rights and for our voices to be heard; a history that I will work every day to honour.
As a proud grand- daughter of a trade unionist and a member of the GMB union, I go forward in their memory and will continue to fight for working people.
Parts of my constituency have been represented by illustrious political figures including Charles Key, Keir Hardie, Lansbury and Clement Attlee, who led the Labour Government that created our beloved NHS—so no pressure on this new Member.
Our stunning Victoria park with its breathtaking canals opened to the public in 1845 and became the people’s park: a centre for political meetings and rallies with speakers such as William Morris and Annie Besant.
It is not just political history that we are blessed with in Stratford and Bow.
I am sure that many hon.
Members in the Chamber love nothing more than going home after a long day sitting in the Chamber and putting on their favourite grime playlist.
They can thank Bow for playing an integral part in the origins of grime music, with Roman Road and its once-beloved record shop producing artists and crews such as Roll Deep and Skepta to name just two.
Over in Newham, we have our top boy Kano.
I can see that I have completely baffled some hon.
Members—[Laughter.]
For those whose tastes are a bit more retro, we are also home to ABBA Voyage.
My constituency is a place where people can come and spend their money, money, money in some of our brilliant local and international businesses.
Of course—it cannot be missed—sitting at the heart of my constituency is the London stadium: a place of joy and wonder from the 2012 Olympics and some of our most wonderful sporting achievements.
As this generation of Team GB Paralympians competes in Paris, I send my wishes to them.
The ability to bring people together that sport possesses is like nothing else, so it is a privilege and honour to be the Member of Parliament for the greatest club in world football—sorry, Keir—West Ham.
As a Hammer since  5 July —[Laughter]—I am proud to be forever blowing bubbles.
I know that there are several Hammers fans on the Government Benches and throughout the parliamentary estate—probably more of us than Members on the Opposition Benches.
Stratford and Bow is a wonderful, vibrant and diverse constituency, and our current heritage lives up to that history.
Forest Gate is the home of independent cafes and shops and Forest Gayte Pride, overlooking the nature and beauty of Wanstead Flats.
There are the bustling shops of Green Street serving communities throughout east London, alongside mosques, temples, synagogues, gurdwaras and churches.
It is a place that is truly representative of the rich tapestry of cultures and people that make up our great capital city, London.
People from all over the world have come to Stratford and Bow to make the UK their home.
My constituency is a prime example of Britain at its best, with pearly kings and queens, and white, European, Indian, Bengali, Pakistani, Chinese, African, Asian, middle eastern, Caribbean communities and more living side by side and working together to make a better society for everyone.
Wherever someone is from, they are welcome in Stratford and Bow.
I am proud, too, to have origins as an east London girl born in Homerton hospital, but I was born here but by fate.
I am the daughter of Tamil refugees and the child of a community that knows what it is like to endure prejudice and persecution.
My parents, proud and patriotic British citizens, came to Britain over 40 years ago, but they did not simply come here; they fled for their lives, forced to leave behind everything and everyone they knew and loved, torn from a good and prosperous life in their prime to start from scratch in an unfamiliar country, working multiple jobs day and night to give me the chances that were taken from them.
Britain welcomed my parents with open arms so that they could rebuild their lives and flourish, and it was the east end that they first chose to call their home.
This is the London that I know and love, and it is the story of Britain and British values at its best: outward looking and compassionate; a country where people can work hard and triumph.
Mum and dad, thank you for everything: your endurance and your will to succeed—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
You are part of the success story of Britain, and that is a story that can be found in every corner of Stratford and Bow and in every part of Britain, with the hope and aspiration for a better tomorrow that all parents have for their children and the dreams of a safe and secure life.
It is that hope and determination to fight for a better future that this Labour Government will work hard every day to deliver.
Whether the people of Stratford and Bow were born here, came here in search of a better life or just moved to the best bit of London—whatever their start in life—I will ensure that their voices are heard and valued.
I pledge to work day in, day out to tackle the root causes of poverty, to fight for more police on our streets so that women and girls feel safe to walk home at night, parents do not have to worry about knife crime and young men are not having to look over their shoulders when they walk home after dark, and to fight for an NHS that is here for us in our time of need, where patients can be seen in wards, not corridors.
Delivering my maiden speech during the GB Energy debate is apt.
Climate change remains one of the greatest challenges of our time, and we must redouble our efforts.
Before I came to this place, I worked internationally on climate action with cities around the world, the United Nations and civil society to help stop our world going past the point of no return and ensure that generations who come after us have a world that has not been destroyed because of our failure to act or our fear of being bold.
I feel deeply the responsibility that I have to repay the faith that the people of Stratford and Bow have placed in me and the duty that I have to be their voice here in Westminster.
I will work every day for that and for the values and pledges that I was elected on.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran)  on that incredible maiden speech.
Her pride in her community really shone through and was incredibly infectious.
I am truly honoured to be given the opportunity to deliver my maiden speech in this House.
I begin by paying tribute to my predecessor, Mary Robinson.
Despite our political differences, I had a good working relationship with her and was fortunate to work with her as part of the Cheadle towns fund board, where we helped to deliver much-needed investment into the constituency, including developing plans for Cheadle train station.
I know that Mary took great interest in local business, and her work on the board was testament to that.
I wish both her and her husband Stephen all the best in their next chapter.
I will also take this moment to pay tribute to my Liberal Democrat predecessors for Cheadle.
The incredible Patsy Calton is very much missed and was held in a great deal of respect across both sides of the House.
Mark Hunter served Cheadle for 10 years as its MP and served in government as an assistant Whip.
I have huge shoes to fill following both Mark and Patsy, who are legends in the constituency.
I hope that I can build on their legacy.
I will also take a quick moment to thank my incredible team for leading such a brilliant and hard-fought election campaign, and my family for their support.
Most of all, I thank my incredible partner Louise for all her love and backing over the years.
It is here, however, where I must  confess to breaking my first election pledge.
Not long before the general election was called, Lou and I found out that we were to be expecting our first child.
While we were, of course, over the moon, that news came off the back of a very hard local election campaign and amid Lou experiencing extreme morning sickness.
So, being the supportive partner that I am, I assured Lou that this would be a first trimester of absolute peace, tranquillity and calm as there was absolutely no way that the Prime Minister would call a general election in the summer.
We all know how that turned out.
I put on record my apologies to Lou for breaking that promise.
I will endeavour to ensure that is the first and last time I break my word to a constituent.
Cheadle is truly a brilliant place.
We have wonderful green spaces, brilliant schools and some fantastic high streets, but what makes the constituency so special is the people.
The area is built on the foundations of so many community groups and organisations, all campaigning and working to make our community a better place for everyone.
There are allotment groups such as Billy’s Lane who invite local schools to learn about growing food and healthy eating.
There is Cheadle Civic Society, led by the inspirational Phillip Gould-Bourn, who protects Cheadle’s heritage and historic character.
There are many faith groups including Cheadle Masjid, Grove Lane Baptists and Yeshurun Hebrew Congregation who provide support for our most vulnerable residents, and there are hundreds of community organisations and friends’ groups such as the Friends of Carr Wood who are the guardians of some of our most precious green spaces and rightly challenge those who would do them harm.
Those are the people who make Cheadle so special, and I thank them for putting their faith in me as Cheadle’s Member of Parliament.
I have always said that I would be their voice in Westminster, not Westminster’s voice in Cheadle.
That will always be my goal.
There is much to do.
Our local hospital, Stepping Hill, is in dire need of investment.
For too long, staff and patients have had to make do with a hospital that is literally falling apart.
The out-patients building was condemned and is now demolished, and in March the intensive care unit, which looks after some of the most critical patients, was temporarily closed because the ceiling was coming in.
Nurses have even told me about bucket squads—for the uninitiated, this is a term they have coined for an extra duty they now have on shift, where they each have a bucket to place down when it rains to catch the water coming through the roof.
This is a disgrace.
No hospital, let alone one as busy as Stepping Hill, should operate in those conditions.
That is why my first act as the Member of Parliament for Cheadle was to write to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, asking for the funds that Stepping Hill desperately needs for repairs.
I am pleased that the Government have since said that funding will be made available, but until we get the detail and the money, I will keep fighting to ensure that Stepping Hill, its staff and its patients get the funding they deserve.
I will also keep fighting to get my residents the support they need during the cost of living crisis.
This is an issue of huge importance to me.
When I was 13, my mum, brother and I were threatened with homelessness because mum, who worked several jobs to make ends meet, could not afford the private rents.
We faced  relying on friends who could offer couches or spare rooms to help us.
The idea was sold as a fun holiday to me and my brother, but I can remember how anxious and worried my mum looked and how conversations between adults would suddenly stop as I walked into the room.
Life felt unsettled, and I could tell that my mum was scared and needed help.
It was a Lib Dem councillor called David Bruce who that helped us, by fighting and getting us a council house.
Because of him, we had a home, giving us the security and stability to get on in life.
Home was no longer an anxious place.
Mum was happier, and my brother and I could focus on our schoolwork.
That experience inspired me to get into politics, because I saw at first hand the positive impact that it can have on people’s day to day lives.
Without that councillor, I can honestly say I would not be standing here today.
But that was not the end of our story.
We still struggled.
Faced with rising bills, mum would sometimes have to decide whether to put money into the electric meter or food into the cupboards.
If I think about it, I can still hear the clunk of the pay meter going off and plunging the house into darkness.
Mum would often joke that that was the cue for us to go to bed.
Sadly, I know from speaking to my constituents that this story is still being lived out all too frequently.
The choices that many families have to make are horribly familiar.
The choice to heat their home or feed their children should never be forced on anyone, yet thousands of families across Stockport face that choice every day.
I was proud that the Liberal Democrats on Stockport council led the way by establishing a warm spaces programme, supporting community organisations with the funds to help shelter vulnerable residents who could not afford to heat their homes during the winter months.
Many authorities are now doing that across the country, but as wonderful as that is, we cannot sit back and accept this situation.
Great British Energy is a step in the right direction.
I welcome the move to restore British investment in clean energy, and if Great British Energy actually brings down costs for my constituents, that will be nothing but a good thing.
I will do all I can to help my residents in Cheadle.
When it comes to the cost of living, I will hold this Government to account when I believe they are not doing enough to support those who need it.
Better health services, support for the cost of living crisis and championing my amazing community—those are some of the things that I will do as Cheadle’s Member of Parliament.
It is truly the honour of my life to be standing here working for the place I call home—the place I am now raising my family.
I hope I will do Cheadle proud here.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) , whose experience and passion will be of great benefit to both his constituents and his local hospital, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran) , who will be a very worthy successor to those suffragettes.
It is a real honour and a privilege to be standing here as the MP for Truro and Falmouth.
I arrived in Cornwall quite by accident nearly 20 years ago, having been swept off my feet by a naval pilot who tempted me away from life as a London trade union lawyer, with images of beaches and sunsets.
He flew search and rescue helicopters at Culdrose naval station.
Unfortunately, as is often the case, our military marriage was short, and I was left as a single mum with a small son.
But I chose to stay and bring him up in Cornwall, and it is very much our home.
Becoming a single parent was sudden and difficult, but I was fortunate.
I benefited from the opportunities offered by the last Labour Government and was able to get back on my feet.
I retrained and took a job as a teaching assistant working in a local secondary school for seven years, first in special educational needs and later as an unqualified teacher, which shows the journey that education has been on.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Cherilyn Mackrory.
She served in a number of roles in this place; she showed her passion for the environment in her work on the Environmental Audit Committee and as chair of the ocean conservation all-party parliamentary group.
She also drew on her own personal experience to help others.
She did a huge amount to shape the women’s health strategy and maternity safety awareness, and was integral in introducing the new pregnancy loss certificate.
Both Cherilyn and her predecessor, Sarah Newton, worked to secure a new women and children’s unit at Treliske hospital in Truro, one of the previous Government’s 40 new hospitals or units.
It is desperately needed and a long time coming.
I had my son in the existing unit nearly 19 years ago, and the building was not fit for purpose then.
I really want to ensure its speedy completion.
Truro and Falmouth has existed as a constituency only since 2010.
It sits in the middle of the Duchy of Cornwall, spreading from Falmouth on the south coast to Crantock on the north coast.
Falmouth is my home, and where I have sat as a councillor for the past six years.
It is a vibrant and welcoming town enveloped by the ocean.
Falmouth has played its part in the history of Great Britain.
In the late 1600s, the town was appointed the Royal Mail packet station, receiving and sending mail and messages all around the globe, making Falmouth —for 150 years at least—the information superhighway of the British empire.
However, Falmouth is more than its seafaring past.
We still have two splendid castles, Pendennis and St Mawes, protecting the entrance to the Carrick Roads, but the constituency is also the site of Falmouth University, built on the legacy of the famous art school that is still found on Woodlane, but now anchored across the border in the state-of-the-art Tremough campus in Penryn, which it shares with the University of Exeter.
The area brims with creatives, scientists and engineers—whom Dawn French, the university’s chancellor, described as “enterprising dreamers”.
If we follow the River Fal upwards, we reach Truro, Cornwall’s capital and only city, with its impressive cathedral and award-winning theatre Hall for Cornwall.
It has Lys Kernow, the home of Cornwall Council, as well as Treliske, the acute hospital.
The constituency also has a large rural element, with an array of beautiful villages and areas such as the Roseland peninsula, where farming and fishing are still vital industries.
When researching for this speech, I was struck by the words in the maiden speech of one of Cornwall’s most well known and loved Members of Parliament, David Penhaligon.
Exactly 50 years ago in this House, he referred to an economy that relies on tourism, traffic conditions in the summer months that strangle much of the industry that keeps the place going for the rest of the year, tremendous pressure on hospital services, sewage problems, pressure on housing, the problem of summer lets and the lowest average wage in Britain.
I am pleased that the measures in this Government’s programme—a real living wage, the water Bill, devolution and renters rights—will help to address some of those issues, but it is shocking that many of the issues that he mentioned then are, sadly, still very much in evidence today, half a century on.
For a place on the edge of the map, Cornwall is too often at the edge of our thoughts in this place.
Like Penhaligon, I believe that Cornwall, with its proud and independent heritage, deserves better.
Turning to the topic of this debate, there is so much to be excited by.
As well as Cornwall’s potential for onshore wind, we have 20% of Europe’s requirement for critical minerals and geothermal energy beneath our feet, buried in our granite.
We only have to look at a horizon dotted with the ruins of engine houses to know that the people of Cornwall are more than happy to dig for their treasure.
Falmouth is a town with its face turned to the sea.
The port still has a very busy harbour and docks, which have businesses servicing both military and commercial ships, as well as hosting cruise and leisure vessels.
But there is potential for so much more, and the port of Falmouth is poised to take advantages of a new generation of offshore wind production in the Celtic sea.
With the support of the new energy company GB Energy, the £1.8 billion ports fund and investment in the skills training we so desperately need, our young people will be able to grasp with both hands the well-paid jobs of the future, while securing our own home-grown energy and facing down the challenge of climate change—a challenge that is so important to a place like Cornwall, which stares the impacts of the changing climate in the face every day.
We were the first large rural authority to declare a climate emergency and the 2030 net zero target.
Now, we will play our part in getting the country to meet a similarly ambitious target.
Falmouth’s time truly has come again as part of the Government’s mission to become a clean energy superpower.
Truro and Falmouth is the most magical place to live.
It well and truly hooked me and my small family, and has become part of me.
My journey, despite its ups and downs, has been a charmed and happy one.
Truro and Falmouth has given so much to me, and it is overflowing with promise and brilliant, independent-minded enterprising dreamers.
I am determined to serve my home as well as it has served me.
A bright future lies ahead for it.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to make my maiden speech during a debate that is so relevant to my own wonderful constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, in the heart of Cornwall.
I come to this place—and I am disappointed that the hon.
Member  for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin) is not present to hear me say this—with 30 years of business experience in the automotive sector and, latterly, in the renewable electricity sector.
I thank all those who have given their maiden speeches today; they were all truly heartfelt, wonderful speeches.
My own inspiration for being here comes from my three children, my daughter and my two sons, who join us in the Public Gallery today.
I want first to pay tribute to my predecessor George Eustice for his work on animal welfare as Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, as well as his support for local projects in Cornwall such as Kresen Kernow, the Cornish archive, and—despite our profound differences on our relationship with the EU—the honourable way in which he was prepared to criticise trade arrangements made by the Conservative party.
It is an unparalleled privilege to represent one’s home constituency, and the ties that bind Cornish men and women to our homeland are woven into every sinew of our being.
The constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle is a truly remarkable place: the place where I was born and grew up and where I live.
To understand Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, I respectfully ask you, Madam Deputy Speaker, to transport yourself in your mind to the summit of a single rocky hill, smack bang in the middle of the constituency.
This rocky hill is called Carn Brea, which is, in fact, Cornish for “rocky hill”.
At the summit of Carn Brea sits the Basset monument, looking down from 750 feet across the constituency.
The monument was funded by public subscription in 1836 after Basset himself petitioned the other place against slavery in 1828.
To the north of Carn Brea, just 4 miles away, the Celtic sea sparkles in the sunlight and laps the beautiful beaches of Gwithian, Portreath, Porthtowan, St Agnes and Perranporth—the Celtic sea, which offers the prospect of vast quantities of electricity generated from offshore wind, an opportunity that I dearly hope this Government will grasp.
Looking to the west from Carn Brea we see the town of Camborne, pronounced “Kammbronn” in Cornish, meaning “crooked hill”.
It is a town that, along with its near neighbour Redruth, is synonymous with our tin mining heritage.
The two towns were once among the wealthiest in Britain, helping to drive the economy for more than four centuries.
Nestled in front of Camborne, a large flag of St Piran flutters in the breeze.
This flag sits at the top of the South Crofty tin mine.
There can be no finer physical symbol of the potential for the return of the Cornish economic powerhouse than South Crofty—the last tin mine to close, in 1998.
The economic winds have dramatically changed since then, and tin, which is used in the production of virtually every electrical device, is now also being used in the production of solar panels and, along with lithium, forms the cornerstone of our critical mineral industry.
We import tin from as far afield as China and Australia, with all the damaging environmental impacts that come with such imports, yet in Camborne and Redruth we sit on the third highest-grade tin deposits in the world, and there is plenty of it.
Our sense of pride in our mining heritage, which was mentioned by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Truro and Falmouth (Jayne Kirkham) , and the possibility of our tin mining renaissance are a constant source of hope and optimism for an area that has been damned by industrial decline for decades.
But back to the summit of Carn Brea and Basset’s monument.
Further over to the west, on the horizon behind Camborne, is Hayle, the third largest town in the constituency.
Although the official title of my constituency is Camborne and Redruth, woe betide me if I do not mention Hayle in the same breath.
Hayle is a vital natural seaport, ready to serve the new opportunities in the Celtic sea, and it includes a very large estuary.
Indeed, the Cornish word for estuary is hayl.
I have strong familial ties with the town, where my great-uncles, the Slade family, once ran a steel engineering business on South Quay.
Let us look directly south from Carn Brea now, to the gentle rolling hills leading down through the beautiful Cornish granite villages of Stithians, Mawnan Smith and Constantine, and then on to the two stunning subtropical gardens of Glendurgan and Trebah, which, in turn, lead down to the Helford river, from where thousands of American troops set off on D-day to free Europe from fascism.
To the east of Carn Brea lies Redruth, the Cornish meaning of which is “red ford”, the Cornish word for “red” being “ruth” and the word for “ford” being “red”—obviously!
Redruth is rapidly becoming a cultural hub, and I strongly recommend visits to Krowji creative hub, Kresen Kernow—the aforementioned archive centre—the Buttermarket, and the Ladder arts and culture hub.
Our former prosperity is evident throughout the centre of Redruth, with imposing granite buildings that are awakening with new life after a deep slumber.
Further to the east, beyond Redruth, can be found the villages of Carharrack and St Day, which served as a hub for the one of the world’s wealthiest copper mining districts from the 16th century to the 1830s.
Just beyond them is United Downs, where Cornish Lithium, Geothermal Engineering and ground source heat pump companies are based.
These businesses have the potential to play key roles in Britain’s economic transformation.
We have tin, lithium, geothermal and ground source heat, but we are also blessed with the opportunities of offshore wind in the Celtic sea, onshore wind, solar and tidal.
There are very few places in the UK in which renewable energy and critical mineral opportunities are so abundant.
The renewable energy opportunities are not the only factors that make this land so distinct.
Let me quickly give three other examples.
First, 10 years ago Cornwall was granted national minority status under the European framework convention for the protection of national minorities.
Our language, our culture and our heritage, as well as our economic potential, mark us out on this island.
Secondly, the positive reaction received by all six Cornish MPs on both sides of the House for taking our oaths in Cornish is telling.
Almost half our children and young people consider themselves first and foremost Cornish.
Finally, on Saturday my brother Dickon will be made a bard of the Gorsedh, the highest honour that can be bestowed on a Cornish man or woman.
This is an honour awarded to people who have given exceptional service to Cornwall by a manifestation of the Celtic spirit or by service to Cornwall.
It is these cultural differences that mark us out.
It has been clear on the doorstep over the past two years that there is a strong desire for a non-mayoral model of governance arrangement with Westminster.
My hope and my focus in coming weeks and months will be to  persuade the Government that the most appropriate devolution arrangement for Cornwall is an Assembly similar to that of our Celtic cousins in Wales.
In terms of economic development, culture and governance, the time has come to throw open the cage door and unleash the Cornish Celtic tiger.
For my part, I will put all my energies into representing the people of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle to the best of my abilities.
To do so will be the honour of my life.
Meur ras—thank you.
I begin by congratulating the previous speaker,  the hon.
Member for Caerfyrddin (Ann Davies) , on making an excellent maiden speech.
I also congratulate all new Members who have made interesting and inspiring contributions today.
I am delighted to be making my maiden speech as part of the debate on the Great British Energy Bill.
GB Energy will, of course, be headquartered in Scotland.
With clean energy infrastructure already in place and the workforce to match, Ayrshire would be an ideal setting.
However, regardless of where it is located, GB Energy will create thousands of jobs and deliver energy security and lower prices for consumers throughout the UK.
As it is customary, it is right that I pay tribute to my direct predecessor, Allan Dorans, who served his constituents well through the last five years.
Politics aside, it is important to acknowledge the hard work and dedication that is asked of us elected Members.
We carry out our duties and represent all constituents to the best of our ability.
In his maiden speech, my predecessor said he hoped that voters in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock would never again elect an MP to go to Westminster.
On that point, I am glad to say he was wrong.
I also pay tribute to my Labour predecessor, Sandra Osborne.
Sandra was the first Labour and first woman MP for Ayr from 1997 until 2015.
Sandra was an outstanding MP and is still remembered fondly by many throughout the constituency.
I also pay tribute to her predecessor as MP for Carrick, Cumnock and Doon Valley, George Foulkes, who now sits in the other place as Lord Foulkes of Cumnock.
Madam Deputy Speaker, allow me to say a few words about my constituency of Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock.
It runs all the way from Pinwherry to my beloved Dalmellington, with many rural and coastal towns and villages in between.
Ayr is the county town of Ayrshire and hosts vital services such as Ayr university hospital and the University of the West of Scotland campuses, as well as a first-class racecourse that hosts the Scottish grand national.
The constituency is also famous as the birthplace of Scotland’s national bard, Robert Burns.
Robert Burns is a global icon.
His poems and songs are renowned across the world.
It would be difficult to pin Burns down on his politics, but our shared admiration for the red, red rose fills me with quiet confidence.
Carrick lies to the south of the constituency.
Maybole and the seaside town of Girvan both look out on to the Ailsa Craig—yes, I have an island, too.
Ailsa Craig is famous for granite, which is quarried to make curling stones worldwide.
There is a joke that Scottish women make champion curlers because they are used to sweeping around dead weights.
Cumnock and Doon Valley consists of former mining areas, and Cumnock was a home to Keir Hardie, the founder of the Labour party.
When critics take a pop at the Labour party, they say, “Keir Hardie would turn in his grave.”
They do not realise that he was, in fact, cremated in Maryhill in Glasgow.
A fine marble bust of Keir Hardie sits outside Cumnock town hall.
It is a popular spot for a photo for leading Labour figures  visiting the area.
Even Michael Portillo felt obliged to have his picture taken for his travel documentary.
He, too, will be happy that this Government have been so quick to act to improve the great British railways.
When hon.
Members decide to travel to my constituency, they will also find the magnificent Dumfries House in Cumnock.
Saved by an intervention in 2007 from the Prince of Wales, now His Majesty King Charles, the project has developed much-needed educational, research and employment opportunities across the area, with great success.
There are many gems to be found across the constituency.
However, my fond memories are of growing up in a small village called Dalmellington and being born and raised in Bellsbank, as part of a scheme built to house the miners moving into the area.
Picnics at the spectacular Loch Doon, pit parties with all the miners’ weans and playing kerby in the street—it was a simple life, but filled with joy.
I am the proud daughter of a miner and an NHS worker.
Given that, I was delighted to stand on a manifesto to end the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, and I was proud to ask about that very issue in my first question to the Government yesterday.
As the youngest of four siblings, times were tough growing up in our house—it was a case of first up, best dressed.
These humble beginnings make my journey to this place even more remarkable.
The journey was made easier by my two beautiful children, who have supported me all the way.
My friends keep me grounded every day, and I thank them for that.
I have always been keen to push and challenge myself, which is why I decided at the age of 18 to move to New York, where I worked as an au pair.
If someone had told my younger self where I would be standing today, I simply would not have believed it.
The odds were stacked against me—back then, the glass ceilings were still very much in place.
Around that time, I assume a young Kamala Harris felt the same.
Thankfully, progress has been made.
I am thrilled to sit as an MP in this place alongside a record number of women.
I am thrilled to see a Government with a record number of women in Cabinet.
I am thrilled that this Government have appointed the first female Chancellor in history.
Yes, progress has been made.
In November, I am sure that the whole House will welcome the prospect of yet another glass ceiling being smashed in the world of politics.
I returned from the United States to become a youth worker.
Through my work in the third sector, on projects such as the Zone initiative and the Coalfields Regeneration Trust, I have supported communities to help them flourish.
Over the years, I have worked tirelessly in those communities to give children and young people the opportunity to socialise and to champion them.
It is about providing vital training and employment opportunities to deprived areas.
My work in this place and in my constituency will continue in the same vein, as it always has—supporting communities through public service.
My direct experience of how local communities are suffering is exactly why I am standing here today.
The chance to change the lives of people, who are often vulnerable and feeling left behind, is a passion that lies deep in my soul.
I will end with this: the day before his tragic, untimely death, the late leader of the Labour party John Smith ended his last speech by saying: “The opportunity to serve our country—that is all we ask.”
I promise to serve my constituency to the best of my ability.
Thank you for calling me, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I also thank  the hon.
Member for Frome and East Somerset (Anna Sabine)  for her maiden speech, made on what I understand is a very difficult afternoon for her.
I am sure that everyone in the House would join me in sending condolences to her and to the family of her friend.
This has been a most entertaining and enjoyable debate.
Any debate that marries ABBA, Stan Laurel and Shane Warne is one that I want very much to be part of, so I am delighted to have the opportunity to make my maiden speech in this context.
It is also apt that I make it during a debate on Great British Energy.
It is apt not just because the transition to clean energy and tackling climate change are critical to Carlisle—flooding has already decimated our city twice during this century, and local villages are too often cut off by localised flooding—and not just because we need to remove the obstacles that prevent Cumbria’s farmers from connecting their solar and wind farms, but because people right across Carlisle and north Cumbria tell me that they are desperate to see that cut in their energy bills.
It is also personally apt that I speak on this topic.
My great-grandfather, a Conservative alderman and councillor for Carlisle, was a man of unusually progressive thinking.
In 1909, he urged our city’s industries to set aside coal and instead harness the hydroelectric power of the three rivers on which our great border city stands.
I like to think that, whatever our political differences, my great-grandfather and I would have agreed that Great British Energy is not just right, but essential for Carlisle, for Cumbria, and for our country.
I am the first Carlisle-born Member of Parliament since 1918, and the very first woman to represent England’s most northerly city.
It is a city of many little-known facts.
For example, in the 1830s, it was home to Britain’s first black police officer.
In 1916, David Lloyd George nationalised all our city’s pubs and breweries, declaring that their intoxicating effect on munitions workers was doing more damage to the British war effort than the entirety of the German submarine fleet.
In 1963, the Beatles were thrown out of Carlisle’s Crown & Mitre Hotel after a complaint from the local golf club that the young Liverpudlians were too casually dressed.
My predecessor John Stevenson is himself a keen golfer, and I like to think that while he might be a stickler for the rules, he would have recognised the fledgling talent of the Fab Four, and would not have been so hasty in demanding their removal.
I say this because John was a strong advocate for the potential of our young people, and played an important role in securing the new Pears medical school at the University of Cumbria, which will open its doors next year.
In over 2,000 years of city history, the University of Cumbria is a relative newcomer, and its creation is testimony to the work of the last Labour MP for Carlisle, Eric Martlew, who did so much to secure a university for our city.
I look forward very much to the opening of the new medical school, and the contribution that it will make to our Government’s mission to rebuild our NHS and train the next generation—like my own daughter—of home-grown doctors, nurses and paramedics.
My constituency lies between the Lake district and Hadrian’s Wall.
It is plentiful in sheep and cattle, and is populated by folk known for good craic and a love of XL crisps.
For the uninitiated, let me explain that the XL crisp is a savoury, cheesy—no onion—delight, whose availability in the catering outlets of this House I shall passionately campaign for.
I shall also campaign for more critical matters, such as the completion of our flood defences—defences that were promised but not delivered by the last Government—the rebuilding of NHS dentistry across north Cumbria, and the growth of Carlisle’s night-time and visitor economies.
Carlisle and north Cumbria already have much to offer visitors.
I challenge Members to name another UK city than can boast not only citadels, city walls and a Norman castle, but a Victorian railway station, a cathedral, and original Turkish Baths.
At this point I must declare an interest, as chair of the charity working towards the refurbishment and reopening of Carlisle’s historic Turkish baths.
It is one of only 12 original baths still in working order in the UK, the only one left in the north-west of England and the only one with a tiled interior made by the company responsible for the exquisite tiles here at the Palace of Westminster.
We are also blessed with a rich industrial heritage.
Over the years, Carlisle has been a hub of food manufacturing, with the sweet manufacturer Teasdale, famous for its liquorice Nipits; Cavaghan & Gray, which produces not just any ready meals, but M&S ready meals; and Carr’s biscuits, home of the Table Water and employer of generations of cracker packers.
I could not be prouder to represent the city where I was born and raised.
I owe a debt to Robert Ferguson school and Trinity school for helping a working-class child from Denton Holme to become the first in her family to go to university.
Without university, I would not have become involved in politics and would not have had the privilege of campaigning for John Smith, a great parliamentarian, to become leader of our party.
Nor would I have realised the ambition of my distant cousin Ernest Lowthian, who was Labour’s first parliamentary candidate for Carlisle back in 1918.
In conclusion, I return to my great-grandfather.
At the opening of one of the bridges that cross the rivers whose energy he sought to harness, he said: “Our job as servants of our great border city is to leave it a little better than we found it.”
That, Madam Deputy Speaker, is the task that I have set myself.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
In the interest of saving time, I am sure you will grant me permission to skip to the part of my speech where I celebrate my great constituency of Leeds South West and Morley.
It is the greatest responsibility and honour of my life to stand before you as the Labour MP for Leeds South West and Morley.
Alongside being a husband and a dad, this is the most important job I will ever do, and I give sincere thanks to my constituents and neighbours for sending me to this place.