Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise in recognition of the distinct achievements and serviceable contributions of 103d Attack Squadron on the occasion of their 100th anniversary.
For a century, the men and women of the 103d Attack Squadron have served our nation with distinction, dedication, resilience, and valor.
As the oldest flying squadron in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and one of 29 original National Guard observations squadrons, their contributions to our national defense are immeasurable and their legacy is one of innovation, excellence and steadfast bravery.
The 103d Attack Squadron traces its lineage back to its formation in June 1924.
Federally recognized as the 103d Observation Squadron and commanded by Major Charles Biddle, the 103d has been an integral part of American military history, participating in nearly every global conflict since World War II.
The 103d flew a variety of training and observation aircraft until 1941 when the unit was ordered to active service, performing anti-submarine patrols along the New England coast.
From 1943 through the end of World War II, the 103d flew photo reconnaissance missions in the F-5C in the China-Burma-India Theater.
From the end of World War II, the 103d was redesignated over ten times and has operated continually since its inception.
This unit has gallantly conducted aerial missions and continually maintained operational mission readiness in the following capacities: as a bombardment squadron, a reconnaissance squadron, a military airlift squadron, a tactical air support squadron, a fighter squadron and, finally in its current role, as an attack squadron.
The men and women of the 103d Attack Squadron have skillfully operated over twenty distinctly different aircraft, providing over a century of global strike and air superiority capabilities for joint force operations in austere areas, worldwide.
Their continual adaptation to the warfighting environment is a true testament to the resiliency, adaptability, and reliability of the men and women of this storied unit.
Their unwavering dedication to duty and willingness to innovate to meet the needs of the ever-changing battlefIeld landscape is no better demonstrated than in their most recent transition from manned aircraft to unmanned aerial systems (UAS).
The professionals of the 103d Attack Squadron employ the General Atomics MQ-9 in combat air patrols that directly support combatant commanders across the globe providing intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance gathering capabilities, combat search and rescue, and precision weapons employment in close air support operations.
The 103d Attack Squadron is critical to the development and implementation of tactics, techniques and procedures used across the globe in MQ-9 missions.