Ms. WILLIAMS.
Mr. Speaker, as students return to school for the upcoming school year, I rise today to recognize the 100th Anniversary of the opening of Booker T. Washington High School in Georgia's Fighting Fifth Congressional District.
In September 1924, the opening of Booker T. Washington High School marked the first opportunity for Black students in the State of Georgia to attend a public high school.
This momentous achievement was the culmination of tireless organizing and a direct result of Atlanta's Black Community's political power and determination.
In fact, not until the NAACP and Black community leaders conducted a successful voter registration drive and new Black voters defeated a school bond referendum in 1919 did promises of a new Black high school bear fruit, with money from a 1921 school bond used to construct what would become Booker T. Washington High School.
Black students came from across the state to study at Booker T. Washington High School, as it remained Georgia's only public high school for Black students until 1947.
The school's origins in organizing and collective power are evident in the remarkable alumni it has produced, including Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., groundbreaking surgeon and educator Dr. Asa Yancy, State 
Representative ``Able'' Mable Thomas, trailblazing lawyer and judge Romae T. Powell, former United States Secretary for Health and Human Services Dr. Louis Sullivan, and educator Dr. Pearlie Craft Dove.
From its inception, Booker T. Washington High School has been part of the fabric ot Atlanta and the State of Georgia and an integral part of its community.
Students, neighbors, and alums continue to tout the skill and energy of the marching band and take every opportunity to enjoy school spirit and their music.
Booker T. Washington High School deserves a place in history, not just in the history of Atlanta or Georgia, but of our country.
I hope you will join me in both recognizing this historic day and in cosponsoring a resolution to be introduced later this month that will commemorate the 100th anniversary of Booker T. Washington High School.