Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Chief of Staff, Tim Bertocci, for his work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
In May, Tim departed my office for a new opportunity serving as the Director of External Affairs in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, and I could not be more proud or grateful for his service.
Tim has an impressive and extensive background in public service and leadership.
He began his career after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and was commissioned as an Armor officer.
During his nine years of military service, Tim served in various leadership positions, to include serving in combat during Operation Iraqi Freedom III.
Tim also earned a Master of Arts degree from the Security Studies Program at Georgetown University in 2008.
He has worked in various roles including the Senior Operations Advisor for the Joint IED Defeat Organization and as a Foreign Service Officer in Havana, Cuba.
Tim's experience and relationships on the Hill from his time working in former Congressman Tim Walz' Office were invaluable as we stood up an office and built a team of bright, motivated, and radically hospitable public servants.
He helped lead us all through a series of unexpected and unprecedented events.
On top of his duties as Chief, he also served as an instructor at the United States Naval Academy where he taught a class on irregular warfare in the Political Science Department.
Staff members of our office past and present all proclaim that Tim is the true embodiment of a servant leader.
A trusted advisor and confidant, Tim always put the needs of the team before himself.
He even used a tiny, converted bathroom as an office instead of the large office normally dedicated to the Chief, to allow staff to have a dedicated space they could hold meetings in.
For Tim, success is never about individual accomplishments or prestige, but instead about those around him reaching their highest potential individually and collectively.
Tim set a culture of camaraderie and support across the team, always prepared with a shout out or well timed, supportive gif in the Teams chat.
He had an unparalleled ability to create compromise and identify a novel path forward after taking into careful consideration all the options.
Though he rarely mentioned it, his record of military service brought a much-needed perspective and calm confidence to our team.
Even in the most difficult congressional moments--it was clear Tim had lived through much worse.
Tim's humility and expertise were unmatched during those difficult times.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have Tim's dedication, leadership and unwavering commitment, and he will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that he will continue to serve the nation at the U.S. Department.
I wish Tim all the best in his future endeavors and thank him dearly for his 23 years of public service to this Nation--and many more to come.