Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Senior Chief Petty Officer Eric Donahue for his tremendous contributions and 20-year legacy in the United States Navy, including his service in the Joint Special Operations Command.
Senior Chief Donahue has dedicated his life to our country for the past two decades, all while building a family with his wife, Katie, and raising their three children: Meredith, Ivy, and Tyler.
Eric Donahue was born and raised in Andover, Massachusetts, and is a proud graduate of Austin Preparatory School in Reading, Massachusetts.
A dedicated student, he furthered his education at the University of New Hampshire, obtaining a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Management, and Operations.
It was at the University of New Hampshire that Eric met Katie, who has been a pillar of strength for him throughout his Navy career.
Moved by the September 11th terrorist attacks, Eric embarked on a mission to become a Navy SEAL to protect the United States, its freedoms, and its ideals.
After graduating from the University of New Hampshire in 2004, he had the opportunity to join the Navy as an officer.
Instead of waiting to become an officer, he immediately enlisted to begin training without officer status.
In March 2005, Eric commenced Underwater Demolition/SEAL training and successfully completed the program by August 2006, displaying exceptional dedication.
He was subsequently assigned to SEAL Team 8 in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Throughout eight overseas deployments, including to Afghanistan and Iraq, his dedication, leadership, and outstanding service led to his appointment to the prestigious SEAL Team Six, the Naval Special Warfare Development Group.
Within SEAL Team Six, Senior Chief Donahue has continued to lead in various capacities, overseeing numerous training events worldwide and being entrusted with dignitary protection.
Senior Chief Donahue has received numerous accolades and awards throughout his career in recognition of his service.
These include five Sea Service Deployment ribbons, three Presidential Unit Citations, two Navy and