Title: COMMEMORATING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE JENNY LIN FOUNDATION; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
115

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE JENNY LIN FOUNDATION

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Jenny Lin

Foundation, which provides music education and public safety programs,

on the occasion of its 30th anniversary, which our community will

commemorate this month.
The Jenny Lin Foundation was created in 1994 in response to the

tragic murder of its namesake, a 14-year-old Castro Valley resident, in

her own home after returning from school.
Jenny was a straight-A

student passionate about music and friendship.
To keep Jenny's memory alive, her parents, Mei-Lian and John Lin,

established the nonprofit in Castro Valley to their daughter's name.
The Foundation provides student music scholarships, public safety

community events, and an annual summer music program.
The hallmark summer music program is free of charge to students in

the Bay Area and offers programs for orchestra, band, and choir.
After

the five-week program, participants perform in large concerts for the

community to enjoy.
In 2023, over 200 students from 29 schools across 12 Bay Area cities

participated in the program cosponsored by Chabot Community College.
The Jenny Lin Foundation also hosts safety fairs and workshops to

inform our communities about child safety precautions for parents and

children.
One specific advocacy effort was the Foundation's work to

increase the number of books covering safety themes available at East

Bay public libraries.
In 2023, the Jenny Lin Foundation received the

Jefferson Award for Public Service.
This is the most prestigious public

service award in the United States and was well-deserved.
I join the community in continuing to mourn the tragic loss of Jenny

30 years ago and admire Mei-Tian and John's resilience demonstrated

through their community engagement and advocacy after such a tragic

loss.
May their efforts continue to uplift and support the community

and keep the memory of Jenny alive in our hearts.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING THE BRAVE FIREFIGHTERS ACROSS ST.
CLAIR COUNTY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the brave

firefighters from across St. Clair County.
On Sunday, a dangerous fire broke out at an industrial warehouse in

Port Huron.
Local Fire Departments rushed to the scene and were met

with an incredibly complex and nasty fire deep within the metal

warehouse.
But this fire wasn't fought alone, as there was a community-wide

response from local departments to assist in extinguishing this fire.
Firefighters from Port Huron were joined by those from Fort Gratiot,

Kimball Township, Marysville, St. Clair, and St. Clair County Homeland

Security.
When one firefighter had given his all, the next man stepped

up and continued the effort to fight this fire.
Thanks to the quick and decisive actions of our local fire

departments, this dangerous fire was successfully extinguished without

any casualties after a multi-day battle.
Michigan's 9th District is incredibly thankful for the cohesive

effort by local fire departments to fight this fire and protect our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANDRE JONES

HON.
DELIA C. RAMIREZ

Mrs. RAMIREZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent,

Andre Jones, in recognition of BIPOC Mental Health Awareness Month.
Andre's life and creativity are an invitation to celebrate the beauty

of our shared humanity.
Andre, a Chicago native from the Logan Square area in the IL-03, has

published a unique coloring book.
It is called ``Colorful Memoirs: A

Journey Through Andre's Life,'' which offers a glimpse into his

experiences and affirms his credo: ``Just like you, I am a human

being.''
Andie participates in the community living programs at Envision

Unlimited, where he practices his commitment to inclusion and

community-building through his leadership of the cycling committee.