With Jackson's dedication, he was selected by the Memphis Grizzlies,

becoming a major asset and leader to the team.
During his debut, he

would go on to score 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder.
10

days later he would score 35 points with seven three-point shots

against the Golden State Warriors, which made him the youngest player

in the NBA to make seven three pointers in one game.
Mr. Jackson's

achievements do not stop there, as during the regular season finale he

would score his career-high with 44 points and 12 rebounds that would

also set the record for the most points by a rookie in the Grizzlies

franchise history.
He now has a four-year contract with the Grizzlies.
His story is one that demonstrates that the sky's the limit and that

with hard work, you can accomplish anything.
On Tuesday, July 30th Gregory Jackson will be hosting a special

community event at the Jackson Teen Center in Camden, South Carolina.
This event is dedicated to preparing local youth for the upcoming

school year while sharing and celebrating Jackson's remarkable journey

that is an inspiration to kids across the area.
At this event there

will be a Jersey Raising Ceremony that will be honoring Mr. Jackson by

raising both his college and professional jersey.
On behalf of the 5th District of South Carolina, it is my most

sincere pleasure to recognize GG Jackson for his outstanding leadership

and lifelong service to our state.
I wish him the best of luck

throughout his future endeavors and am confident he will continue to

serve and will find great success in all he does.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING NEW MEXICO REPRESENTATIVE JIM TRUJILLO

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the loss

of one of New Mexico's most accomplished and best-loved public

servants, former New Mexico State Representative Jim Trujillo.
He

demonstrated what it means to answer the call to public service and

that public service is an act of love.
I am grateful for the love Rep. Trujillo gave to the people of his

district and our state.
His legacy now lives on in countless lives he

touched in our beautiful state through both his important career as a

financial professional and his broad public service in the New Mexico

Human Services Department, six years in the New Mexico National Guard,

and his outstanding 17 years in the New Mexico Legislature.
I met with Rep. Trujillo numerous times when I was working on voting

rights and tribal intergovernmental matters.
He always listened with

deep attention and gave clear direction and support.
He was a man of

his word.
His tireless dedication to the people of New Mexico proved

how much we can accomplish when we work together for our beloved

communities.
I carry his inspiration with me as I continue my own service in the

beautifully diverse Third District of New Mexico.
I offer my deepest condolences to his wife Victoria, their children,

and the entire extended Trujillo family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING PHILLIP D. MOSELEY

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the incredible life

and legacy of Phillip D. Moseley, former Staff Director of the

Committee on Ways and Means.
Phil dedicated his life to service, built

a beautiful family, and garnered so many friends along the way.
A son

of Hawaii, Phil landed in a career in politics, serving Chairman Bill

Archer for 23 years.
He was the first Republican Staff Director for the

Committee in decades, and the career that followed would be beyond his

wildest dreams.
Phil was set apart by his steadfast belief in our Committee.
Regardless of the control of power, he revered the Committee and always

believed in our ability to do right by the American people.