Andre, a Chicago native from the Logan Square area in the IL-03, has

published a unique coloring book.
It is called ``Colorful Memoirs: A

Journey Through Andre's Life,'' which offers a glimpse into his

experiences and affirms his credo: ``Just like you, I am a human

being.''
Andie participates in the community living programs at Envision

Unlimited, where he practices his commitment to inclusion and

community-building through his leadership of the cycling committee.
There, he met Treena Glover, Envision Unlimited's residential housing

manager.
Treena, who passionately nurtures the residents' unique

interests and talents, served as Andre's motivator and helped co-author

Andre's coloring book.
Andre is donating the proceeds from the coloring book to support his

beloved summer cycling programs.
On behalf of Illinois' Third

Congressional District, I commend Andre Jones for his contributions to

mental health awareness and his ongoing efforts to equip and uplift our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF STEVE LEE

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of

Gallipolis native and Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army, Steve

Lee.
Steve truly understands what service to our nation means.
Steve has never forgotten about our nation's veterans.
In 2004, Steve

helped found one of the USO's largest annual events: Cincinnati's

Tribute to the Troops, which has raised millions of dollars to help

support the important work USOs do for our veterans.
As a Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army, Steve played a

critical role in connecting local communities with the Army.
Through

meeting with local community members, liaisons help communicate the

concerns of the public with the Secretary of the Army.
Liaisons like

Steve also play an important role in recruitment and retention, as he

served as the face of the Army to the local community.
As a veteran myself, I have seen firsthand the impact Steve has had

on our community and I want to thank him for his tireless commitment to

the over 40,000 veterans who reside in southern Ohio.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE CORNER POST REVERSAL ACT OF 2024

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Corner Post

Reversal Act of 2024 with my good friend, Mr. Nadler, Ranking Member of

the Judiciary Committee.
This crucial piece of legislation restores

longstanding judicial precedent that provided certainty to small

businesses and everyday Americans by ensuring finality of agency rules.
The Supreme Court's decision in Corner Post v. Board of Governors of

the Federal Reserve System abandons the accepted interpretation of the

statute of limitations found in the Administrative Procedure Act (APA),

which required challenges to rules to be brought within the first six

years after the promulgation of the final rule.
Instead, the Court

turned the meaning of the language inside out to empower entities to

challenge federal agency rules within six years of the entity accruing

harm, effectively subjecting all federal rules to continual challenge.
The Corner Post ruling undermines clear Congressional intent to

restrict challenges to six years and introduces unprecedented

uncertainty.
Under this ruling, new entities can be continually created

specifically to challenge established rules undermining critical

stability.
Even long-standing rules that businesses, states, and

communities have incorporated into their planning may be upended at any

point.
Consumers and small businesses rely on clear and consistent

rules, and they cannot afford to continually adjust to accommodate

constant change.
The Court now opened the flood gates for endless,

costly legal challenges.
Our court system will likely be overburdened

as companies attack agency regulations.
The Corner Post Reversal Act of 2024 would protect well-developed and

scientifically based agency actions from attacks, by giving finality to

rules, thereby ensuring that common sense protections for consumers,

hardworking Americans, healthcare, food safety, and our environment

remain in place after the six-year challenge period.