Goodwill first came to Kansas City in 1925, in the form of a repair

shop at St. Peter's Evangelical Church on Oak Street.
It became clear

to both Goodwill and the Helping Hand Institute that their efforts to

raise the city's disadvantaged population into self-sufficiency would

be more successful together.
In 1978, the two merged to form the

Helping Hand of Goodwill Industries.
This name was changed to Goodwill

of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas in 2010 to better reflect the

geographic scope of the organization, thus creating the MoKan Goodwill

that we know and love today.
Today, MoKan Goodwill remains a steadfast pillar of the community of

Greater Kansas City.
Their thrift stores continue to operate under

Reverend Helms's initial model, creating a valuable place of employment

while extending the opportunity to purchase low-cost household goods,

keeping those very same products out of landfills.
The organization

also offers individualized, one-on-one employment services to help

their clients succeed in taking the most crucial step towards becoming

self-sufficient: finding a job.
Goodwill understands the importance of

employment; to quote their mission statement, ``Employment is more than

a paycheck.
It is independence, agency, dignity, and equality.''
That

mission has evolved with the times.
Through classes with Goodwill's

Artemis Institute, students can learn about new technologies commonly

used in workplaces and can even become certified as a Manufacturing

Associate.
Programs like the Artemis Institute prove that Goodwill can

adapt to the digital age, and any other age thereafter.
Scripture 2 Corinthians 9:7 tells us, ``Each one must give as he has

decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God

loves a cheerful giver.''
The founders of the Helping Hand Institute

were cheerful givers.
Reverend Edgar J. Helms was a cheerful giver.
Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas is an organization full

of cheerful givers.
Mr. Speaker, please join me as we celebrate 130

years of cheerful giving.
The work that MoKan Goodwill has done

empowering people and strengthening communities has been invaluable in

building the vibrant Kansas City we know today.
Congratulations to

MoKan Goodwill on 130 years of service and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SUCCESS AND SERVICE OF GREGORY ``GG'' JACKSON

HON.
RALPH NORMAN

Mr. NORMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gregory ``GG''

Jackson, II for his outstanding leadership and service.
GG Jackson is a proud native of Camden, South Carolina, and attended

the University of South Carolina after graduating high school in the

11th grade.
During his freshman year at USC, he played basketball all

while taking 18 course hours and making the Dean's list.
Today, he is a

long-standing member of the Jackson Ten Center and is a small forward

for the Memphis Grizzlies in the NBA.
Mr. Jackson is a true example of

how hard work and commitment will lead you far in life.
During his time at USC, Mr. Jackson was named the Southeastern

Conference (SEC) Freshman of the week in the first week of the season

after averaging 15 points and nine rebounds in his first two games.
He

would then go on to finish the season as the Gamecocks' leading scorer

before entering the 2023 NBA draft with an average of 15.4 points per

game and leading the Gamecocks with 25 blocks and 24 steals.
With Jackson's dedication, he was selected by the Memphis Grizzlies,

becoming a major asset and leader to the team.
During his debut, he

would go on to score 30 points against the Oklahoma City Thunder.
10

days later he would score 35 points with seven three-point shots

against the Golden State Warriors, which made him the youngest player

in the NBA to make seven three pointers in one game.