During his military

career, Mr. Raper was stationed throughout the United States and around

the world, having served in California, Tennessee, Oklahoma, and Japan.
This past year, Mr. Raper was awarded the Atomic Veteran Certificate

and Atomic Veteran Service Commemorative Medal from the United States

Department of Defense, to honor his service in Operation Hardtack I.

This recognition is a testament to Mr. Raper's lifelong career of

service and sacrifice in advancing our Nation's atomic and nuclear

weapons program.
In addition to this honor, Mr. Raper has received

other distinguished awards throughout his career, including the Navy

Good Conduct Medal, which he was awarded four times, and the National

Defense Service Medal.
In 1975, Mr. Raper retired from the Navy after

serving 20 honorable years.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues in the

House of Representatives to join me in honoring the incredible life of

Mr. Ronald Raper on Atomic Veterans Day and thank him for his dedicated

service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 130TH ANNIVERSARY OF MOKAN GOODWILL

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with abundant joy and eternal

gratitude in recognition of the 130th anniversary of Goodwill of

Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas, affectionately referred to by

their beneficiaries as MoKan Goodwill.
This year marks over a century

of the organization's commitment to empowering people and strengthening

communities by providing much-needed jobs, affordable household goods,

and employment training services to Greater Kansas City's most

vulnerable residents.
I fully expect MoKan Goodwill to continue to

faithfully provide their services for as long as there are Missourians

and Kansans to accept them, and I ask that we take a moment to reflect

on the organization's profound impact.
The history of MoKan Goodwill is the history of two separate but

like-minded organizations, eventually converging to make possible the

charitable institution we know today.
The first, founded 130 years ago

in 1894, was Kansas City's Helping Hand Institute.
Formed as a relief

organization for the city's unhoused population, the institute supplied

food and shelter as well as monetary compensation in exchange for

completing work projects.
This process served to successfully provide

support, employment, and eventually self-sufficiency for those who

needed it most.
In doing so, the Helping Hand Institute not only made a

difference in the lives of thousands of Kansas Citians, but also

developed the city into the thriving metropolis we know today.
The second organization Goodwill, founded in Boston by Reverend Edgar

J. Helms in 1902, was not unique to Kansas City, but was known

nationwide for its charitable work and pioneering philanthropy.
With

the charitable will of any good minister, Helms sought to improve the

living conditions of impoverished immigrants.
He established Goodwill's

trademark business model of collecting donated goods and selling them

for a modest profit, which would be used to pay the workers who

prepared the goods for sale.
Helms made a habit of employing people who

were economically disadvantaged or had disabilities, people who, at the

time, would likely be unable to find a job elsewhere.
It was a system

with similar values and missions as the Helping Hand Institute.
Both

organizations not only provided relief to those who needed it the most,

but also sought the opportunity for upward social mobility--the

opportunity to make the American Dream, which seemed so elusive to so

many, a reality.
Goodwill first came to Kansas City in 1925, in the form of a repair

shop at St. Peter's Evangelical Church on Oak Street.
It became clear

to both Goodwill and the Helping Hand Institute that their efforts to

raise the city's disadvantaged population into self-sufficiency would

be more successful together.
In 1978, the two merged to form the

Helping Hand of Goodwill Industries.