As a

lifelong member of the NAACP, Reverend Hines was actively involved in

the political and government decisions that affected his community.
In

1995, he became the first African American to represent House Seat 59

in the South Carolina General Assembly and was later awarded the Order

of the Palmetto, South Carolina's highest civilian honor, by Governor

Mark Sanford in recognition of his 12 years of distinguished service to

the people of South Carolina.
Reverend Hines received various

additional accolades and awards throughout his remarkable career,

including having a portion of Highway 76 in Marion County named in his

honor.
While a shepherd of souls in his community, Reverend Hines was a

devoted husband, father, and grandfather.
He was married to the former

Gladys Jackson of Darlington, South Carolina.
This holy union produced

three beautiful children--Mack III, Michael, and Gregory.
His family is

a testament to his unwavering compassion, devotion, and values that

characterized his ministry and service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in remembering

the remarkable life of Reverend Dr. Mack Torise Hines, Jr. May his

family and loved ones find comfort in the knowledge that his legacy

will endure, and may they be granted the Lord's richest blessings in

the days ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WE ARE ISRAELIS CALLING ON CONGRESS TO DISINVITE NETANYAHU

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to include in

the Record the following guest essay published in The New York Times,

which my dear friend and prominent constituent, Ralph Nader, shared

with me.
[From The New York Times, June 26, 2024]

We Are Israelis Calling on Congress to Disinvite Netanyahu

(By David Harel, Tamir Pardo, Talia Sasson, Ehud Barak, Aaron

Ciechanover and David Grossman)

The leaders of the U.S. Congress have invited Prime

Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel to address a joint

meeting of the Senate and the House of Representatives on

July 24.
Normally, we Israelis would consider the invitation

recognition of our two nations' shared values and a welcome

gesture from our closest friend and ally, to whom we are

deeply and morally indebted.
But Congress has made a terrible mistake.
Mr. Netanyahu's

appearance in Washington will not represent the State of

Israel and its citizens, and it will reward his scandalous

and destructive conduct toward our country.
We come from a variety of areas of Israeli society:

science, technology, politics, defense, law and culture.
We

are thus in a good position to assess the overall effect of

Mr. Netanyahu's government, and like many, we believe that he

is driving Israel downhill at an alarming speed, to the

extent that we may eventually lose the country we love.
To date, Mr. Netanyahu has failed to come up with a plan to

end the war in Gaza and has been unable to gain the freedom

of scores of hostages.
At the very least, an invitation to

address Congress should have been contingent upon resolving

these two issues and, in addition, calling for new elections

in Israel.
Inviting Mr. Netanyahu will reward his contempt

for U.S. efforts to establish a peace plan, allow more aid to

the beleaguered people of Gaza and do a better job of sparing

civilians.
Time and again, he has rejected President Biden's

plan to remove Hamas from power in Gaza through the

establishment of a peacekeeping force.
Such a move would very

likely bring in its wake a far broader regional alliance,

including a vision to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,

which is not only in Israel's interest but also in the

interest of both political parties in the United States.
Mr.

Netanyahu constitutes the main obstacle to these outcomes.