Shortly after President Roosevelt cleared the path for

citizens ``regardless of color, race, creed or national origin.''
to

enlist, Mr. Braxton, along with several of his high school classmates,

enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1943.
Completing Boot

Camp at the segregated, Monford Point Base in North Carolina, Mr.

Braxton earned his Eagle, Globe, and Anchor, stating that ``We were

`the chosen few,' and as an experimental group, we had to prove we

could make it.
``

After graduating from Boot Camp, he served as a Marine Drill

Instructor until his deployment overseas with the Fifth Replacement

Depot Company.
Mr. Braxton and his unit island-hopped through the

Saipan, Peleliu, and Okinawa campaigns in 1945 where he earned the rank

of Sergeant.
In 1946, Carroll left the Active-Duty Marine Corps and

joined the Marine Reserves, only to be called back to active duty at

Camp Lejeune during the Korean War.
After the war, Mr. Braxton returned home to Manassas and married his

wife Celestine and welcomed two children Monique and Robert.
Mr.

Braxton retired from the United States Marine Corps in 1979, as a

Master Gunnery Sergeant after 33 years of distinguished and dedicated

military service.
Though retired, Mr. Braxton continued his dedication

and service to his country working as a procurement analyst at the

Cameron Station Army Base in Alexandria.
Living the values of the

Marine Corps, Mr. Braxton also served his community, serving as a

Deacon and Board of Trustees Chair at the First Baptist Church of

Manassas, and establishing the local American Legion Post.
In 2012,

President Obama awarded Mr. Braxton and the Monford Point Marines the

Congressional Gold Medal.
In 2020, Prince William County renamed one of

its schools, Unity Braxton Middle School, in honor of Celestine and

Carroll and their incredible years of service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me today in

congratulating Master

Gunnery Sergeant (Ret.)
Carroll Braxton on the occasion of his 100th

birthday, and for his outstanding service and sacrifice, on behalf of a

grateful Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
RONALD RAPER

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Ronald Raper

on Atomic Veterans Day and thank him for his service to our Nation.
Mr.

Raper was born on May 31, 1938, in Boulder, Colorado.
At the age of 18,

Mr. Raper enlisted in the United States Navy.
In 1958, Mr. Raper was a

part of Operation Hardtack I, where he was a member of the flight crew

that flew into radioactive fallout to conduct air sampling of nuclear

tests at the Pacific Proving Grounds in the Marshall Islands.
During

this operation, Mr. Raper also contributed to Operation Newsreel, a

high-altitude naval study conducted near Johnston Atoll.
Following the

Vietnam War in 1973, he was deployed with USS Coral Sea and played a

crucial role in Operation End Sweep.
Stationed in the Gulf of Tonkin,

North Vietnam, he contributed significantly to the Mine Logistics

Carrier Stations, where he helped in the removal of naval mines in the

waterways of North Vietnam.
To recognize his dedication and leadership

during this operation, Mr. Raper's Navy Commander awarded him with a

citation for outstanding performance of duty.
During his military

career, Mr. Raper was stationed throughout the United States and around

the world, having served in California, Tennessee, Oklahoma, and Japan.
This past year, Mr. Raper was awarded the Atomic Veteran Certificate

and Atomic Veteran Service Commemorative Medal from the United States

Department of Defense, to honor his service in Operation Hardtack I.

This recognition is a testament to Mr. Raper's lifelong career of

service and sacrifice in advancing our Nation's atomic and nuclear

weapons program.
In addition to this honor, Mr. Raper has received

other distinguished awards throughout his career, including the Navy

Good Conduct Medal, which he was awarded four times, and the National

Defense Service Medal.