The Court now opened the flood gates for endless,

costly legal challenges.
Our court system will likely be overburdened

as companies attack agency regulations.
The Corner Post Reversal Act of 2024 would protect well-developed and

scientifically based agency actions from attacks, by giving finality to

rules, thereby ensuring that common sense protections for consumers,

hardworking Americans, healthcare, food safety, and our environment

remain in place after the six-year challenge period.
Stability is important to the American economy.
Consumers and small

businesses rely on consistent rules developed by experts to protect

them and do not want to keep adjusting to the roller coaster the Court

just put them on.
We are introducing this legislation to make

sure that Americans and our court system are not overburdened by an

ever-changing regulatory framework.
I ask my colleagues to join Mr. Nadler and me in supporting this

crucial legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO ``NONDISCRIMINATION ON THE BASIS OF

SEX IN EDUCATION PROGRAMS OR ACTIVITIES RECEIVING FEDERAL FINANCIAL

ASSISTANCE''

speech of

HON.
RYAN K. ZINKE

Mr. ZINKE.
Madam Speaker, I rise today in honor of the incredible

accomplishments of female athletes--and against the unfair and unjust

regulations from the Biden Administration.
On the eve of the Olympics, the Biden Administration announced new

rules to gut Title IX that would wipe away decades of progress and

nearly eliminate any chance of a level playing field for female

athletes.
When I was growing up, along with many in this chamber, I watched my

schoolmates fight tooth and nail for every victory.
The lady Bulldogs

were just as tough as their male counterparts, but it wasn't until

Title IX that their right to equal access to athletics and scholarships

was achieved.
Even then, the uphill battle for quality fields,

equipment and coaches was a fight.
But those trailblazers made it

possible for girls today to participate, develop, and excel as student

athletes.
Many of my colleagues have mentioned the physical dangers of men

competing against women, and there are many.
There's also the basic

understanding of biology.
Boys are boys, and girls are girls.
Boys run

faster, jump higher, and hit harder.
But I'd like to focus on the opportunity cost.
We all hear about

elite female athletes being stripped of their titles by men who

couldn't cut it in their own league.
How about the hundreds of young

ladies we don't hear about who missed out on high school playoffs,

scholarships, state records, and other accolades all to bow to the

radical left agenda?
Madam Speaker, I will not allow opportunities that were hard fought

by women for decades to be stolen for girls today.
I stand in strong

support of the resolution and against President Biden's radical Title

IX rule.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MASTER GUNNERY SERGEANT

(RET) CARROLL BRAXTON, USMC

HON.
JENNIFER WEXTON

Ms. WEXTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent,

Prince William County, Virginia resident, United States Marine Master

Gunnery Sergeant (Ret.)
and proud World War II and Korean War Veteran

Carroll Braxton on the occasion of his 100th Birthday, and to thank him

for his years of dedicated service.
MGySgt (Ret.)
Carroll Braxton was born on July 14, 1924 in Manassas,

Virginia.
Shortly after President Roosevelt cleared the path for

citizens ``regardless of color, race, creed or national origin.''
to

enlist, Mr. Braxton, along with several of his high school classmates,

enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1943.
Completing Boot

Camp at the segregated, Monford Point Base in North Carolina, Mr.

Braxton earned his Eagle, Globe, and Anchor, stating that ``We were

`the chosen few,' and as an experimental group, we had to prove we

could make it.