He was the first Republican Staff Director for the

Committee in decades, and the career that followed would be beyond his

wildest dreams.
Phil was set apart by his steadfast belief in our Committee.
Regardless of the control of power, he revered the Committee and always

believed in our ability to do right by the American people.
After an

illustrious career, he lived out his days devoted to his family and

developing his hobbies in coastal Carolina.
To his wife, Norah, his

daughter Kendall, and son, Clay, as well as his cadre of grandsons,

Phil will be remembered for all that he was, and all he gave to the

Congress and his country.
His memory and legacy lives in all of us, and

I thank him, his family, and loved ones for the impact to the Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO REVEREND DR.
MACK TORISE HINES, JR.
HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a devoted

faith leader, pillar of the Florence and Marion county communities, and

a dear friend.
Reverend Dr. Mack Torise Hines, Jr. transitioned from

this life on Thursday, July 4, 2024.
Although he no longer walks among

us, his spirit will forever live on in the hearts of those who had the

privilege of knowing him.
Born on December 2, 1946, in Florence County, South Carolina,

Reverend Hines attended Florence County public schools and was a proud

1965 graduate of Wilson High School.
After graduating, Dr. Hines

enrolled at Allen University, where he became involved in various

organizations, including serving as the Student Government Association

President and pledging the Omega Psi Phi fraternity.
He graduated with

a Bachelor of Arts degree in History in May 1969.
He later furthered

his spiritual education by earning a Bachelor of Divinity degree from

Morris College in 1980, followed by a Doctor of Ministry degree from

Hood Theological Seminary in 2005.
From an early age, Reverend Hines knew that he would be a preacher.
A

spiritual journey that began at his childhood church eventually led

Reverend Hines to his first pastorate at Fork Chapel Baptist Church in

Dillon, South Carolina.
He later served at three additional churches

before being called to St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church in Mullins,

South Carolina, where he would serve faithfully for 40 years.
During

his tenure, Reverend Hines led revivals that touched the hearts and

inspired the souls of many Christians.
He was also a leader in the

South Carolina and national faith communities, serving as Past

Secretary of the S.C. Baptist E & M Convention, Assistant Secretary of

the National Baptist Convention, and Clerk and Moderator of the Pee Dee

Baptist Association.
Reverend Hines' legacy extends far beyond the pulpit.
A staunch

advocate for education, Reverend Hines served as an educator in

Florence public schools for 12 years, and later co-founded Wilson

Clergy, which awards scholarships to graduates of his beloved alma

mater, Wilson High School.
He later served as the Vice-Chairman and

Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Morris College, one of South

Carolina's Historically Black Colleges, where he was awarded an

Honorary Doctor of Divinity degree for his outstanding leadership in

South Carolina.
Reverend Hines always ensured he lived what he preached.
As a

lifelong member of the NAACP, Reverend Hines was actively involved in

the political and government decisions that affected his community.
In

1995, he became the first African American to represent House Seat 59

in the South Carolina General Assembly and was later awarded the Order

of the Palmetto, South Carolina's highest civilian honor, by Governor

Mark Sanford in recognition of his 12 years of distinguished service to

the people of South Carolina.
Reverend Hines received various

additional accolades and awards throughout his remarkable career,

including having a portion of Highway 76 in Marion County named in his

honor.