Time and again, he has rejected President Biden's

plan to remove Hamas from power in Gaza through the

establishment of a peacekeeping force.
Such a move would very

likely bring in its wake a far broader regional alliance,

including a vision to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,

which is not only in Israel's interest but also in the

interest of both political parties in the United States.
Mr.

Netanyahu constitutes the main obstacle to these outcomes.
The man who will address Congress next month has failed to

assume responsibility for the blunders that allowed the Hamas

assault, initially blaming security chiefs (then quickly

backtracking), and has yet to announce the establishment of a

direly needed state commission of inquiry headed by a Supreme

Court judge to look into the fiasco.
Despite the fierce fighting in Gaza and daily casualties on

both sides, following Hamas's terrible attacks on Oct. 7, Mr.

Netanyahu continues to push forward with the authoritarian

remaking of Israel as if nothing has changed.
The Israeli

police force, under the command of the far-right-wing

security minister, Itamar Ben-Gvir, has cracked down

violently on demonstrators.
The appointments of court judges

and a Supreme Court president remain on hold Central

scientific and cultural institutions continue to endure

governmental attempts at political control.
Large sums of

money have been channeled recklessly to the ultra-Orthodox,

who by and large do not share the economic and security

burden of Israel's citizens, especially by remaining exempt

from serving in the military.
Tuesday's Supreme Court ruling

overturning the exemption is a step forward, although the

practical impact is unclear, given that Mr. Netanyahu has

proposed enshrining the exemption in a law.
Above all, many Israelis are convinced that Mr. Netanyahu

has obstructed proposed deals with Hamas that would have led

to the release of the hostages in order to keep the war going

and thus avoid the inevitable political reckoning he will

face when it ends.
Mr. Ben-Gvir and Bezalel Smotrich, the finance minister,

whose support Mr. Netanyahu needs to maintain his government,

are strongly opposed to stopping the war in Gaza, even for a

temporary truce They demand that the Gaza Strip be conquered

and filled with new settlements.
For months now, many of us have participated in nationwide

demonstrations demanding an immediate release of the

hostages, an end to the war and immediate elections.
Polls of

Israelis show that a majority want immediate elections, or

elections right at the end of the war.
A large portion of Israelis have lost faith in Mr.

Netanyahu's government.
He is clinging to power thanks to a

tenuous parliamentary majority.
That majority ignores the

plight of tens of thousands of Israelis displaced in the

south after the Hamas attack and in the north because of

attacks by Hezbollah in Lebanon, and the families of the

hostages, a powerful force now in Israel.
That's where Mr. Netanyahu's speech to Congress fits in

with his political needs No doubt it will be carefully stage-

managed to prop up his shaky hold on power and allow him to

boast to his constituents about America's so-called support

for his failed policies.
His supporters in Israel will be emboldened by his

appearance in Congress to insist that the war continue, which

will further distance any deal to secure the release of the

hostages, including several U.S. citizens.
Giving Mr. Netanyahu the stage in Washington will all but

dismiss the rage and pain of his people, as expressed in the

demonstrations throughout the country American lawmakers

should not let that happen.
They should ask Mr. Netanyahu to

stay home.