Her vision for inclusive storytelling reshaped programming and

interpretation at MDAH, ensuring that the voices and histories of all

Mississippians are represented.
Earlier this year, the American

Association for State and Local History honored Mrs. Blount with a

Lifetime Achievement Award, recognizing her extraordinary dedication to

public history.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Katie

Blount for her steadfast commitment to preserving the heritage of

Mississippi and for her outstanding service to our communities.
Her

leadership has endured that future generations will better understand

and appreciate the rich and complex history of our state.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 5TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF PASTOR STEPHEN ``CHUCK'' NASH,

JR.
HON.
JASMINE CROCKETT

Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, it brings me great joy to congratulate

Pastor Stephen ``Chuck'' Nash, Jr. on celebrating five years of

pastorship and ministry at the Mount Horeb-Belt Line Baptist Church in

Lancaster, Texas.
What began with an answered call by father and son

has grown and flourished into a vast congregation between two

locations.
Pastor Nash, Jr.'s steadfast leadership has provided his

congregation a place of peace and support in North Texas.
A Dallas native, Pastor Nash.
Jr. began as an assistant youth pastor

after graduating from Booker T. High School of the Engineering

Professions in Houston.
He earned his degree in Religion with a minor

in Social Work from Texas College in Tyler.
Together, he and his

father, Dr. Nash, founded Mount Horeb Missionary Baptist Church-DeSoto,

later expanding to Lancaster, offering spiritual guidance to the

communities of DeSoto, Lancaster, and Cedar Hill.
With honors like

Young Minister of the Year and his role as Assistant General Secretary

of the Baptist Missionary and Education Convention, Pastor Stephen

Nash, Jr, has proven himself a dedicated leader to the North Texas

community.
Being entrusted with caring for God's children is no easy feat.
It is

evident that the leadership of Pastor Nash, Jr. is God-fearing and

operates with a community-focused mindset through weekly services and

the Horeb Student Ministry.
I thank him for his selflessness and for

doing the work to care for the constituents of the 30th Congressional

District.
I congratulate him again on five years of ministry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE FALLEN CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF

ATTICA CORRECTIONAL FACILITY

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
I rise today to solemnly honor the courage and

sacrifice of the correctional officers and civilian employees who lost

their lives at Attica Correctional Facility during the prison riot 54

years ago this week.
The events that began on September 9, 1971,

represent one of the most tragic chapters in our state's history and

serve as a solemn reminder of the extraordinary risks borne by those

who serve behind prison walls.
These men and women went to work that day committed to doing their

duty--protecting their colleagues, maintaining order, and serving the

public good.
Their lives were cut short in an instant of violence, but

their legacy endures.
Today, we formally recognize and honor their memory.
Their sacrifice

stands as a testament to the professionalism and courage of the

thousands of correctional officers and civilian staff who serve every

day under challenging and often dangerous circumstances.
We owe these fallen heroes our deepest gratitude.
May their names be

remembered, their service honored, and their families comforted in

knowing their loved ones' sacrifices will never be forgotten.
I ask that the United States House of Representatives join me in

paying tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice at Attica

Correctional Facility and in recognizing the ongoing commitment of our

Nation's correctional workforce.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MARRIAGE OF ALEXANDRA HELLER AND JOSHUA NARCISO

HON.
RAUL RUIZ

Mr. RUIZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

marriage of Alexandra Heller and Joshua Narciso.