From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS BARTHOLOMEW TO WASHINGTON, D.C.

HON.
SETH MOULTON

Mr. MOULTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome His All-Holiness

Bartholomew to Washington, D.C.

The Ecumenical Patriarch is the spiritual leader of over 300 million

Orthodox Christians worldwide.
Since 1991, he has served as the

Archbishop of Constantinople--New Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch, a role

that traces its lineage to the earliest days of Christianity.
As the

``first among equals'' among Orthodox Christian leaders, he has been a

central figure in promoting unity within Orthodoxy, religious freedom

globally, and constructive dialogue among faiths.
Born on the island of Imvros, the Ecumenical Patriarch has spent his

life in service to both faith and humanity.
He is internationally

recognized for his efforts to protect the environment--earning the

nickname ``the Green Patriarch''--as well as for his work in advancing

human rights, reconciliation among faiths, and support for religious

communities living under persecution.
He has been welcomed by presidents and prime ministers around the

world, addressed the European Parliament and the U.S. Congress, and was

awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1997.
In September 2025, he

will return to the United States to receive the Templeton Prize--the

world's most distinguished award at the intersection of faith and

science.
This visit is especially meaningful to the many Greek Orthodox

Americans in Massachusetts and in my district.
From churches in Lynn,

Peabody, and Salem, to communities across the Commonwealth, Greek

Americans have contributed profoundly to the civic, cultural, and

spiritual fabric of our state.
The Ecumenical Patriarch's visit is a

source of deep pride for many of my constituents and a reminder of the

enduring connection between our country and the Ecumenical

Patriarchate.
Once again, I welcome Ecumenical Patriarch to Washington and in

honoring his decades of global leadership, his commitment to peace and

human dignity, and his enduring contributions to our shared moral and

spiritual life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and welcome His All-

Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to Washington, D.C. He serves

as the spiritual leader and Primus inter Pares (First among Equals) of

Orthodox Christianity worldwide, a Church of 300 million people.
Later this month, His All-Holiness will visit the United States to

receive the Templeton Prize, the world's most prestigious international

award at the intersection of religion and science.
This honor is

awarded annually to those who advance Sir John Templeton's vision of

progress in religion through discoveries and insights that deepen our

understanding across faiths.
Since being elected Ecumenical Patriarch,

Bartholomew has been a courageous voice for unity, religious freedom,

and environmental stewardship.
His leadership has left a lasting mark

on both the Orthodox world and the entire global community.
This will not be his first visit to the United States.
When he came

in 1997, he was received in the Oval Office by President Bill Clinton

and First Lady Hillary Clinton, who hosted a White House reception in

his honor.
He was also presented with the Congressional Gold Medal in

the U.S. Capitol Rotunda by Speaker Newt Gingrich, a rare and

distinguished honor.
The State Department hosted him in the Ben

Franklin Room, and Vice President Al Gore welcomed him at a breakfast

at the Vice President's Residence.
These visits remind us of the enduring spiritual and cultural bonds

between the Ecumenical Patriarchate and the United States.
As we

prepare to welcome His All-Holiness once again, we recognize not just

the leader of a faith, but a global advocate for justice, peace, and

human dignity.
On behalf of Virginia's 7th District Greek Orthodox community, it is

an honor to welcome him to Washington.