May their

marriage be blessed with health, happiness, and a love that truly never

goes out of style.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE URBAN LEAGUE OF BROWARD COUNTY

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that

I rise to recognize the exceptional work of the Urban League of Broward

County on its 50th Anniversary.
The National Urban League is a historic civil rights organization

dedicated to elevating the standard of living in historically

underserved urban communities.
The Urban League of Broward County was

founded in 1975 as an affiliate of the National Urban League, and since

then, this community-based organization has been dedicated to

empowering communities and changing lives.
The League helps communities in need gain power and independence by

promoting civil rights, economic self-reliance, and social equality.
They offer programs in education, job training, housing, and

entrepreneurship to empower residents.
The League helps our community achieve these goals through a variety

of programming--from their Summer Enrichment Program, which offers

students the opportunity to create, discover, and learn, to ADVANCE-U,

which offers a full range of essential economic resources for residents

to help them succeed in the workforce, stabilize their finances and

build assets.
The Urban League of Broward County's commitment to the health and

wellness of Broward's families is extensive and impressive.
And the

pivotal role it plays for South Florida families is invaluable.
I am

grateful to the leadership and staff for their tireless efforts to

fight for the rights of my constituents and all Americans to live with

freedom, dignity, and prosperity.
I thank President and CEO, Dr. Germaine Smith-Baugh, and everyone at

the Urban League of Broward County for improving the lives of those in

Florida's 25th Congressional District and across Broward County.
I

congratulate them on 50 remarkable years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER

Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, though I was present on the floor, I

missed Roll Call vote No.
246, on Congresswoman Mace's Amendment No.
14

to the defense authorization bill.
I intended to and would have voted

no.
This amendment cruelly denies transgender service members access to

gender-affirming medical care through TRICARE.
Every sailor in our Navy

begins at Naval Station Great Lakes in my district, and they deserve

the best care this country can provide.
To deny them that care is to

betray their service and lose our moral compass.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KYLA GUERRERO FOR HER IMPRESSIVE GOLD AWARD PROJECT

HON.
JANELLE S. BYNUM

Ms. BYNUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the impressive

efforts of Kyla Guerrero, a constituent of mine from Bend, Oregon.
Kyla

has used her Gold Award Girl Scout project to tackle the issue of food

waste, taking leftover food and repurposing it to sustain a local farm.
I am truly impressed by her innovation and hard work.
This creative

compost system keeps our community eco-friendly and helps protect our

planet for future generations.
I thank and congratulate Kyla.
I include

in the Record this article from the Central Oregon Daily written by

Jakob Salao that details Kyla's hard work:

BEND, Ore.--More than one-third of all available food in

the country goes to waste, according to the U.S. Department

of Agriculture.
A Central Oregon Girl Scout is hoping to

change that by taking that waste and using it to sustain a

local farm.
``I've always had a passion for supporting

environmental efforts and I feel like this was a way I could

create a project that suits those passions,'' Girl Scout Kyla

Guerrero said.
``And working with a local farm has been super

fun.''
Guerrero is one of two local Girl Scouts working on a

Gold Award Project.
She's partnered with Around the Bend

Farms to get youth involved and make farming a little more

eco-friendly.