One of the biggest issues that my constituents raise on the doorstep is the condition of our roads.
A lot of work is being done to fix the roads in Gedling and Nottinghamshire, but cash is a big issue.
I warmly welcome the fact that, as part of the new East Midlands Combined Authority, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire will have one of the largest devolved transport budgets.
Given this change, could we have a debate in Government time on infrastructure and investment in the east midlands?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that such a debate would be a good opportunity to highlight the fact that, having done so much work to secure a devolution deal for the east midlands, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  is the person best placed to lead the east midlands into this new future?
My hon.
Friend is right that on  2 May , those in the east midlands will have the opportunity to ensure that that happens.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley) —that is not how his name will appear on the ballot paper—has helped to secure the biggest single devolved transport budget in the country.
He has plans to invest that in road resurfacing and better bus and train routes, and he has a plan for how that will attract jobs and investment.
In contrast, the Labour party has wasted £38 million of taxpayers’ money on its failed Robin Hood Energy scheme, and like other Labour local authorities, Nottingham City Council has declared itself bankrupt, which raises council tax and makes the hard-working people of Nottinghamshire pay for Labour’s failures.
If my hon.
Friend secured a debate on this topic, it would be well attended.
I add my sincere condolences to Mr Speaker and his family on the loss of his father.
A report from the Jo Cox Foundation called the abuse of MPs a “threat to democracy”.
That applies to abuse of not just MPs, but elected members at all levels, particularly local councillors.
According to the Local  Government Association, 70% of councillors have had similar experiences to MPs.
I had a meeting with the Bath and North East Somerset group leaders last week, at which I heard harrowing stories.
We MPs now get extra security through Operation Bridger, but local councillors do not get the same protections.
Is it not time that the Government put their mind to protecting elected members at all levels?
May we have a statement on that, please?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important matter.
She will know that the defending democracy taskforce, headed by the Minister for Security, is looking at these issues, and is, in some cases, providing support to councillors or councils across the country.
The Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology also met Mr Speaker and me earlier this week about online abuse that hon.
Members face.
There needs to be more focus on what platforms are doing, their stated responsibilities, and whether they are living up to them.
I will ensure that that Secretary of State and the Minister for Security have heard what the hon.
Lady has said today.
I applaud the Government’s efforts to try to sort out the Gibraltar-Spain border.
I am sure that I speak for the whole House when I say how encouraged I was by the agreement announced last Friday.
However, the EU Commissioner has been contrary on the issues of airport goods and mobility, and we have been given only some detail on the direction of travel in those areas.
The Chief Minister of Gibraltar, Fabian Picardo, has gone on record to say that Gibraltar will never be Spanish, a sentiment in which I am sure the whole House will share.
In the light of the comments by the EU Commissioner, will my right hon.
Friend make time for a debate in the House, in which it can be made clear by all parties that the House will never compromise on British sovereignty on the Rock, or its people’s right to self-determination?