Arts venues are vital to our local culture and our communities, but they are also hotbeds for new talent to display or perform their latest works, which is critical to the UK’s creative sector.
Pubs are increasingly used for showing artworks as much as they are for performing music—think of pubs such as the Crown Inn back in the day, or the Hope and Anchor in Islington.
That is why it is so important that we save pubs such as the Punch Bowl in Warwick, which a developer wants to convert into a house.
Last year was the worst year for the closure of music venues.
What is the Minister doing to stop that rate of closure?
We share the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about grassroots music venues, which is why we have a specific fund set aside to help save some of the most treasured community venues.
We also have the Localism Act 2011, which allows communities to designate a particular community asset of value, giving communities time to raise funds to save those kinds of assets.
It is something that we are talking about a lot with music venue groups, and we are also looking at giving them help to buy the freeholds of properties so that those kinds of assets can stay within communities and remain a talent pipeline, as he suggests, for many years to come.
What recent discussions she has had with the Premier League and English Football League on the financial stability of football clubs.
As my hon.
Friend will know, the Football Governance Bill was introduced to Parliament last month, and it will help with the financial sustainability of football as a whole.
I have met the Premier League, the English Football League, many stakeholders and parliamentarians to ensure that the legislation is appropriately drafted.
I have met over 90 clubs and senior executives from the leagues many times.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
We do not have to look too far across the east midlands to see that clubs such as Nottingham Forest, Derby County, Coventry City and Leicester City have found themselves in some form of difficulty, so I welcome the Government’s plans to introduce a regulator to bring some stability to the football pyramid.
However, how do we ensure that we strike a balance so that we do not strangle and over-regulate the best league in the world, the premiership?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, the Premier League is world leading.
It is worth £7 billion, and we absolutely want to ensure that it stays first and world class.
That is why the legislation takes a proportionate approach.
It takes on board the fact that the regulator will have to work very closely with the leagues, including the Premier League.
We call it an advocacy-first approach, and having worked very carefully with the team, I am very confident that the legislation takes a balanced and proportionate approach.
Football is nothing without the fans, and the Secretary of State may recall that a while ago I mentioned to the Sport Minister the idea of a postponement promise.
That was in response to a spate of fixtures that had been cancelled at very short notice.
The Minister said that he would raise it with the EFL, and I understand that he did so.
I am grateful for that, but I wonder whether the Secretary of State agrees that we need to keep the momentum going forward.
Will she and the Minister continue to work with the EFL to come up with a solution that works for fans?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right about the importance of fans and communities to football, which is why the Government are bringing forward legislation to protect fans across the country.
My junior Minister is a valued colleague who supports me and works very hard across his portfolio.
I know he has raised this issue with the EFL, and I will talk to him about it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government recognise just how important the arts are, which is why the Chancellor used the Budget to extend, introduce and make permanent a range of tax reliefs to drive growth and investment in our creative industries.
We have provided tax reliefs worth £1 billion over the next five years for museums, galleries, theatres, orchestras, independent film productions, film studios and the visual effects industry.
In addition, as Sunday draws near, I want to wish all those running and taking part in the London marathon the best of luck—in particular, the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire) .
With Monday marking the 35th anniversary of the Hillsborough tragedy, we will always remember the 97 victims who were killed unlawfully.
Does the Minister agree that, in their memory, we must take a stand against those who think it is acceptable to ridicule this disaster in order to rile up rival teams?
If so, what is she doing to tackle this issue of so-called tragedy chanting?
Tragedy chanting is absolutely abhorrent and has no place in football, or indeed in any sport.
The Government fully support the football leagues and the  police in their efforts to identify and deal with the culprits.
Tragedy chanting can be prosecuted as a public order offence, with guilty individuals being issued with football banning orders preventing them from attending matches in the future.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the amazing success of Romford football club, which has now got through to the FA vase final at Wembley on 11 May?
Given the proud Essex town that Romford is, does she agree that BBC Essex and the regional TV and radio channels really should promote that in their broadcasting, instead of saying that we are not Essex?
Does she agree that we should be given that prominence?
First, I extend my congratulations to Romford football club on reaching the final of the FA vase—it is a wonderful achievement and I wish the team the best of luck at Wembley.
On the issue of BBC Essex, as my hon.
Friend will know, the BBC is operationally and editorially independent of the Government, but I know that my hon.
Friend has raised his concerns directly with the BBC, and I am sure that it will get back to him.