I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his interest in these serious issues, which, given their importance, I am sure the House will want to treat sensitively.
I will convey his comments to the leadership of the Church, but just to repeat: the Church is supporting the two-week reduction in the age of viability from 24 to 22 weeks, based on the latest available evidence that foetuses do survive from 22 weeks onwards.
It is also supporting protection for Down’s syndrome children to make the case that abortion beyond the legal limit should not be acceptable for such children.
The Church supports the continued prosecution of medical practitioners who assist with abortions beyond the legal limit.
To ask the hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of disinformation on the integrity of elections.
The committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission recognises the  risks posed to the integrity of elections by disinformation and misinformation.
It runs campaigns raising awareness of the voting process, so voters have accurate information on which to rely.
The legal regime that the commission regulates is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent and that campaigner materials include an imprint showing voters who have produced the material.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, but encourages all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s answer.
Recently, we have seen a decrease in the effectiveness of search engines such as Google, with material generated by AI, which is designed to produce only things that sound like information, poisoning the well, so to speak, with a marked impact on search results.
With this automation of fake news and fake oracles, what plans does the Electoral Commission have to put out guidance on AI-produced materials?
The commission encourages all campaigners to undertake their role of influencing voters responsibly and transparently, and indeed encourages voters to think critically about the campaign materials that they see.
It expects anyone using AI-generated campaign material to use it in a way that benefits open and transparent political debate, and to label it clearly so that voters know how it has been created.
Campaign material must also carry an imprint telling voters who has published and paid for it.
The commission’s role is to ensure that the financing of campaigns is transparent.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, such as preventing the use of deepfakes.
Whether the Church has taken recent steps to support the Armenian church in the old city of Jerusalem.
The Bishop of Southwark has raised this issue repeatedly in the other place over the past six months, and it remains an ongoing and very concerning issue.
Only 15 days ago, an unlawful eviction was led by the Israeli police within the premises of the Armenian Patriarchate, with no court orders or permits presented.
Those of us who are good friends of Israel need to call out the violent activities of the settler movement.
The Armenian Christians have enjoyed the best part of 2,000 years in their part of the old city in tranquillity.
The appalling incident on  3 April  was led not just by thugs but by an Israeli officer called Assaf Harel.
Frankly, there was downright intimidation and an attempt to force out Armenian Christians.
The Christian population in the old city has declined from 25% a century ago to just 1%.
Will the Church of England stand up for Christians in the old city?
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his sustained interest in this really important issue.
It would be an absolute tragedy if there were to be no Christians left in the Holy Land.
The House will have heard the figures that he has just presented.
The pressures facing the Armenian church exemplify those faced by other churches in Jerusalem and the west bank.
The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem is one of the custodians of the Holy Land and overseers of the four quarters of the city.
The Church of England is absolutely clear that the historic settlement and the status quo of Jerusalem need to be maintained.
The lack of any call for restraint from the Israeli Government is escalating tensions in Jerusalem, and that remains a great concern.
Whether the Church provides guidance to parishes on the sale of land where there is local opposition to that sale.
When the Church Commissioners sell land, they seek to engage all those who are affected by a sale or development.
The commissioners are not aware of any land that they own being for sale in North East Bedfordshire.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his response.
The word “engage” is interesting in this context.
It is the case that there is a church in my constituency where there was local opposition to the sale of allotment land.
Discussions were held initially with the diocese, and then at Church House in Westminster.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that in such discussions there is an imbalance of power, so can he assure me that there is adequate guidance to enable parishioners and local communities to combat effectively pressures to sell land where there is clearly local opposition?
I particularly agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of allotments, for which there is often a very long waiting list.
The land at Henlow is owned by the diocese of St Albans, and I will ask the diocesan secretary to contact him.
Of course, he can also speak to the Bishop of Bedford and the Bishop of St Albans, whom we both know well.
Charity law places a fiduciary duty on organisations to gain best   value from the sale of their assets.
That may be an issue that my hon.
Friend would want to raise with the relevant Government Minister, in the context of what is happening in his constituency.
What recent assessment the commissioners have made of the contribution of church schools to education in (a) Harrow East constituency and (b) England.
The Church of England educates more than 1 million children in its 4,700 schools, which includes 40% of all primary schools in England.
Church schools in Harrow East do incredible work, and among them is St John’s School in Stanmore, which has many children for whom English is not their first language and who are from disadvantaged backgrounds.
That school achieves a reading progress score of 4.5 compared with the average score in the rest of the local authority of 1.1.
That excellent achievement is to be warmly commended.
I am very proud of the fact that parents in Harrow East have the option of a Church education or the religious-ethos education of their choice.
However, as we all know, the birth rate is dropping, as is the number of children who need primary places in Harrow.
There is therefore a direct threat to the rolls at St John’s and other religious-based schools, which may become unviable.
What action is the Church taking to enable young people, particularly those who have recently come to this country, who may be of a Christian faith but not necessarily of the Church of England faith, to identify with a Church school and get that sort of education?
It may surprise my hon.
Friend and the House that there are some Church of England schools in which all the children are from other faiths.
That is because Church schools are community schools and welcome all.
I will draw his concerns about falling roll numbers both to the diocese of London and to the national education department of the Church of England.
However, in my experience, parents have a pretty good nose for finding their way to a good school.
The results at St John’s, about which I have just told the House, should help in this case.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  22 April  will include: Monday 22 April —Consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by debate on a motion on hospice funding.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 23 April —Second Reading of the Football Governance Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords messages to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill.
Wednesday 24 April —Remaining stages of the Renters (Reform) Bill, followed by motion to approve a statutory instrument relating to terrorism.
Thursday 25 April —Debate on a motion on Lesbian Visibility Week, followed by debate on a motion on the Buckland review of autism employment.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 26 April —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 April  includes: Monday 29 April —Consideration in Committee of the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill.
Tuesday 30 April —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Wednesday 1
May —Remaining stages of the Automated Vehicles Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 2 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the early May bank holiday at the conclusion of business on  2 May  and return on  Tuesday 7 May .
May I take this opportunity to put on record my deepest sympathies to Mr Speaker on the loss of his dear father, Doug Hoyle?
I remember him as a real character and an important figure in the Labour movement over many decades, serving both as an MP and then as a peer.
He was a proud northerner and represented the traditions of the Labour movement.
I know that he was incredibly proud of Mr Speaker, and  I know how much Mr Speaker and Cath cared for him in his later years.
My thoughts are with them both.
The attacks by Iran on Israel have rightly been condemned by all sides of the House.
Thankfully, its intentions were thwarted, and we join together in calling for restraint and de-escalation in the aftermath.
We cannot let those recent events deter or distract from international efforts to bring about a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza and create the conditions for a lasting two-state solution.
As global conflict increases, it is unacceptable that the Government have rejected recommendations from the cross-party Procedure Committee for the Foreign Secretary to be accountable in this House.
It is simply not the case that he or the Government have been  “forward-leaning” in that regard, as the Leader of the House has said.
Statements by his now deputy—the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office,  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) —have been few and far between, and his appearances at Select Committees have all but dried up.
Many times in these exchanges, the Leader of the House has assured us that Members would have the opportunity to question the Foreign Secretary, saying that “When the Procedure Committee brings forward measures… I am sure those measures will be put in place”—[Official Report,  30 November 2023 ;
Vol. 741, c. 1061.], so why has she now blocked that—or did she lose the argument in Government?
She seems to struggle to be heard in Government lately.
I know that she is keen to talk about defence spending too, although apparently No. 10 blocked her.
Does she want to take the opportunity today?
I know that she, like me, will be concerned to hear that the UK now spends less on defence as a percentage of GDP than when Labour was last in office.
The Leader of the House is not listened to when it comes to legislative business before the House, either.
I was really puzzled that she was unable to support a flagship piece of Government legislation, as she apparently thinks it is unworkable.
Forgive me, Madam Deputy Speaker, but is it not the job of the Leader of the House to ensure that any Government legislation tabled is well drafted, thought through, and will achieve its aims?
She chairs the Government’s legislation committee, does she not?
She has more influence than nearly anybody else on the drafting of a Bill, so what went wrong?
After our Easter break, we have returned to groundhog day.
It might be a new term, but it is the same old story: more decent Conservative Members announcing that they are standing down; Treasury Ministers hitting the airwaves and getting the numbers wrong; a weak Prime Minister who cannot face down his own party, running scared from his own legislation and refusing to say how his cuts to national insurance will be funded; the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , still unable to show any contrition for her actions directly costing mortgage holders hundreds of pounds a month; Cabinet splits and rival factions all on open display, with ever more extreme positions and platforms taken; and yet more Tory sleaze and scandal.
Today’s revelations about  the hon.
Member for Fylde (Mark Menzies)  are extraordinary.
They raise very serious questions about the misuse of funds and the pressure put on others to facilitate it.
Perhaps more importantly, they also raise questions about how these issues are handled by the Conservative party.
There is a worrying pattern of cover-up and inaction, so can the Leader of the House shed some light?
What did the Chief Whip, the Prime Minister and the party chairman,  the right hon.
Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden) , know and when?
Why did it take the publication of the story today for the Whip to be removed?
Has this matter been referred to the police, and if not, why not?
It seems that yet again, like with  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Mr Wragg)  and so many other recent cases of sleaze and scandal, the Government are too weak to act decisively, and instead choose to brush things under the carpet.
The truth is that they have given up on governing, and given up on winning the next election: it is all about saving their own skin and  the inevitable leadership battle.
I can tell the Leader of the House that we on the Labour Benches have been there before, and it does not end well.
The public do not easily forgive politicians who put party before country and do not focus relentlessly on fixing the problems they face.
I join the hon.
Lady in formally conveying my sympathies to Mr Speaker on the loss of his father; I have spoken to him privately, and written to him as well.
I also congratulate 3 Dads Walking on being awarded the petition of the year by the Petitions Committee for their important work on suicide prevention, and wish all colleagues—18 of them in total—and everyone else running the marathon good luck.
On Monday evening, the very special Jewish festival of Passover begins.
Like their ancestors before them, Jewish families around the world will gather around their Seder tables to retell the story of the Jewish people’s exodus from Egypt.
However, this year many of them will be leaving an empty seat open at those tables for those still held captive by Hamas in Gaza.
I hope this will be the last Jewish holiday where they are unable to celebrate with their families, and wish chag sameach to all those celebrating.
I also thank all hon.
Members for their resolve and support with regard to Israel’s security—that is an important message that we send from this House.
The hon.
Lady mentions the issue of the Foreign Secretary, and the Government’s work in that regard, being accountable to this House.
Since the Foreign Secretary was appointed, we have had eight Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office statements, three prime ministerial statements on foreign affairs, a general debate in Government time on the situation in the Red sea and 17 Westminster Hall debates responded to by FCDO ministers, as well as oral questions in both Houses.
We are sticking with the usual precedents of both Houses.
The hon.
Lady asks me to comment on defence, and I am very happy to compare this Government’s record with the last Labour Government’s record.
We have had the largest uplift to the defence budget since the end of the cold war.
When we came into office, we inherited a defence budget and equipment programme with a £71 billion black hole, on Royal United Services Institute figures.
I remember from my own constituency that Portsmouth, Faslane and Plymouth were having to state the case to continue to be naval bases in this country.
The previous Labour Government knew their record with members of the armed forces was poor, because in 2005 they disenfranchised all of them by changing the rules on voter registration.
The hon.
Lady points to the vote on smoking.
I think free votes in this place on such matters are good.
However, whatever our difference of opinion, in future years I am hopeful there will be fewer fag packets around on which Labour economic teams can do their sums, and I think that is a jolly good thing.
Labour Members seem to be continuing to push their line on national insurance contributions.
Good look to them in that respect, but let me just point out some of the reasons why it will not get traction.
National insurance contributions receipts do not determine the NHS budget or pensions, it is only the Labour party that has cut the NHS budget and it is actually Labour’s policy—at least,  it was when I came into the Chamber—to support our tax cuts.
I hope that is helpful information for the hon.
Lady.
The hon.
Lady mentioned some very serious allegations and other incidents that came to light during the recess.
These are very serious matters and some of them are under police investigation, so she would not expect me to comment on them, but we take these matters very seriously.
We have taken action again this week to improve online safety and other matters.
The deepfake phenomenon is more widespread than we might think, and the public may well be fooled into thinking that something is the case when it is not, or that a person they know is manifestly different, and we need to expose such scams.
The hon.
Lady talks about defence, and someone might be tempted to believe a person is committed to this nation’s nuclear deterrent, but note that, in reality, the same person was content to serve in the Cabinet of the last Labour leader and that six of his Front Benchers voted to end our nuclear deterrent.
They might think that the Labour party is the party of the NHS, but as we know, it is the only party that has cut the NHS budget.
They might be tempted by the sound of “securonomics”, only to discover that that is built on unfunded pledges and unspecified tax increases.
Someone might be tempted by the look of the shadow Chancellor’s commitment to end unpaid internships, only to find that she has used them herself, or of Labour’s campaign against fire and rehire, only to discover that that is exactly what Labour HQ did under the current Labour leader.
They might be sucked in by talk about its wanting to protect pensioners and then learn that it will not commit to our triple lock, and that hundreds of thousands more pensioners were living in absolute poverty under the last Labour Government.
Businesses might be flattered by email and online ads from Labour, unaware of the 70 new regulatory burdens that would be piled on to them under a Labour Government.
My advice is: “Don’t be tempted!”
People should not be fooled by a shadow Foreign Secretary who nominated  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  to be Prime Minister; a shadow International Development Secretary who wants to turn our armed forces into a hippy hit squad; a party that, until last year, had a shadow Minister for disarmament; a shadow Energy Secretary whose poor judgment on national security and our interests led to disaster and to Op Shader; a shadow Deputy Prime Minister who holds others to standards she does not think should apply to herself; or a party that talks tough on borders, but as of yesterday, has voted 132 times again strengthening them.
The Leader of the Opposition has spent four years in office posting pictures to his profile of Neil Kinnock, Tony Blair and Margaret Thatcher.
Do not be fooled: behind that profile sits a man with no plan for this country, except the vested interests of militant unions, and support for the arguments of those who would do this nation harm.
It is deepfake Labour led by catfish Keir.
Do not fall for it.
rose— Order.
Before we proceed may I, on behalf of Mr Speaker, thank the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House, and all other Members who have expressed their sympathy to him on the loss of his father?
Lord Hoyle,  Doug Hoyle, was a dedicated parliamentarian, an inspirational, kind and amusing gentleman, and a very proud father.
He will be very greatly missed, and I am sure the whole House will join me in sending our sympathy to Mr Speaker and his family.
Our thoughts will be with them as they make arrangements for Lord Hoyle’s funeral.