The Heritage Alliance estimates in its refreshed manifesto that the UK needs to double the number of conservation-skilled retrofit workers if we are to meet our net zero targets by 2050.
Our built environment is at risk, yet the Government have stalled on training and have no plan to upskill the next generation.
Labour will change the apprenticeship levy, making it more flexible to ensure that workers have the skills they need for the future.
What is the Minister doing to meet the workforce challenge of retrofitting our heritage buildings?
Our Department has a huge number of initiatives under way to help people to deal with skills shortages, not just in the heritage sector but in the creative industries.
The Secretary of State and I were discussing that with the Creative Industries Council just this week.
One of the challenges that we face is the dynamism of the workforce and the need to ensure that it has the specific skills of the kind that the hon.
Lady  mentioned.
We are looking at bootcamps and T-levels, which are much more practical vocational skills.
I am happy to look into and discuss with the noble Lord Parkinson what more we can do with the heritage sector.
What recent discussions she has had with the National League on the financial sustainability of Torquay United Football Club.
I share my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the financial issues facing Torquay United.
I urge all parties to find a swift solution to this distressing situation.
The Government are seeking to support the professional game through the Football Governance Bill, which will establish an independent football regulator.
As the Minister knows, recent weeks have been difficult for Torquay United fans, with the club entering into administration following years of fans struggling to get answers from the owner, and a completely flawed plan for a new stadium, which made no progress whatsoever.
What role will preventing the circumstances that have dragged down Torquay United and other clubs play in future developments in how the game is governed?
I agree that meaningful engagement with fans is crucial.
I want to put on record my thanks to the Torquay United Supporters Trust for its action to support the club and the fans.
I share the concerns about the financial situation right across the game.
That is exactly why the Bill will give powers to the regulator, which will be able to monitor and enforce financial regulation and deal with club ownership, fan engagement and club heritage issues, to ensure that clubs are protected for the very fans who are their bedrock.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme in funding new sports facilities.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme in funding new sports facilities.
Between 2021 and 2025, the Government have committed more than £325 million to grassroots sports sites across the whole of the UK.
That is part of our commitment to ensure every community has the facilities it needs.
So far, almost 2,400 sites have been supported, creating more opportunities for people of all backgrounds across the country to get active.
Thanks to the UK Government’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, almost £100,000 has been invested across Anglesey to improve sports  facilities at Holyhead Hotspur, Plas Arthur in Llangefni, Tŷ Croes and Bodedern.
Sport helps families across Ynys Môn be more active, healthier and happier.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking Ynys Môn gymnastics club, Barton Dance and Drama Academy, Ynys Môn Celts basketball club and all those working hard to make my summer activities fair at the Canolfan Holyhead on  8 June  a success?
It is fantastic to hear about the community events taking place in the hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am delighted that she has put together such an active and exciting event, and I wish her all the best on  8 June .
Such events bring communities together.
I wish her and everybody a wonderful time.
Cromwell Athletic, who play at Mary Ann Meadows in my constituency, have had to cancel almost 70% of their grass pitch games this season because conditions have made the ground simply unplayable.
The pitch improvement programme shows that we need around eight 3G pitches in Warrington to cope with demand.
Could my right hon.
Friend set out what support is available to clubs with significant junior membership?
I invite her back to Warrington to see some of the teams who are struggling to access 3G pitches, to talk about how we can help them.
Through our investment via the Football Foundation in England, we are actively supporting teams such as Cromwell Athletic up and down the country to get new artificial grass pitches.
We funded the goalposts at Barrow Hall Primary School and put in a new artificial grass pitch at Cardinal Newman Catholic High School.
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I would be happy to meet him to discuss this issue further.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of bringing forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of national symbols by commercial and other entities.
The correct use of many national symbols, such as royal names, state emblems, the royal arms and the Government coat of arms, is already subject to Government regulation.
I think many people would be quite angered by the way certain national organisations have tried to change our national flags, the cross of St George and the Union Jack.
Is it not time that we protected and cherished our national symbols by appointing a Minister of the Crown from the Cabinet Office to oversee that?
Will the Minister also look at the Union Flag Bill of 2008, which would enshrine in legislation the protection of our cherished national flag?
The Union Jack should be a unifying symbol for the whole country.
It has looked the way it has for the past several hundred years and I see no point in messing around with it.
I am not sure that we need legislation; we just need some common sense.
Would Ministers be equally keen to prevent organisations, such as political parties, using images of His Majesty the King in their propaganda?
I do not know how to answer that question, if I am honest!
[Laughter.]
Our party has always been proud to use the Union Jack, because we are a proud Unionist party, and we will always be proud to support the royal family.
What steps her Department is taking to support charities and voluntary organisations in the context of increases in the cost of living.
The Government are investing millions to support charities across England with cost of living pressures, and that includes the Community Organisations Cost of Living Fund, which is awarding critical support to frontline services.
What does it say about the state of the nation when, during the worst cost of living crisis in living memory, charities and voluntary organisations such as Calmer Therapy in the Wansbeck constituency are struggling simply to make ends meet?
Like many other charities, Calmer Therapy is having to do more with less.
It is facing more pressures and continued pressures, with crumbling buildings and excessive bills.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Chancellor about plans to support charities and those who are desperately relying on them to survive?
I want to put on record my thanks to the charities up and down the country that have done some incredible work over some of the most challenging times.
I recognise that when costs are rising and donations are falling, demand for their services often increases.
That is why I had conversations with my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor and why we secured a significant package of £100 million to support those charities.
It was welcomed by the sector.
I am grateful to the National Lottery Community Fund for helping us to get that money out as quickly as possible to so many charities around the country.
What recent discussions she has had with representatives of football clubs and associations on ensuring the wellbeing of football players, in the context of their increased risk of dementia.
I have discussed the issue of dementia with the Professional Footballers’ Association, specifically around the Premier League’s promise to allocate funding towards the new brain health fund for football players impacted by dementia.
I am pleased that the fund was launched in September last year, and I will be writing to the PFA shortly to seek its assurances on the current workings of the fund and how the PFA is engaging with former players.
My constituent is the former Celtic, Chelsea, Blackburn and, more importantly, Norwich City football legend, Chris Sutton.
He has recently brought to my attention the very distressing fact that former professional footballers are four times more likely to die of CTE—chronic traumatic encephalopathy—dementia than the wider population due to repeated head impacts.
Chris is just one of a group of former players who are championing these issues and pushing for better provisions to support the wellbeing of ex-players and their families.
Can the Minister reassure me that the football industry will create a properly financed dementia fund to help players, and of course their widows, who are affected by the CTE dementia scandal?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this incredibly important issue, and I want to record my thanks to Chris Sutton and all those involved in this important work.
We welcome the practical support that those involved in sports give former players in these circumstances.
The PFA and Premier League’s brain health fund has an initial amount of £1 million in financial support for former players and their families, to improve their quality of life.
The fund will remain in place until the PFA and the Premier League establish a charity that will involve a great many football stakeholders so we can provide a much longer-term support vehicle.
I can reassure him that I take this area of work incredibly seriously and will continue to put pressure on those involved.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer and hope we will hear more in that regard.
The number of children who are vaping continues to rise at an alarming rate.
Statistics from 2022 show that current use—within the last 30 days—among 15-year-olds was 25%, but the percentage will obviously be significantly higher now.
We know about some of the harms to which vaping leads, which should cause us grave concern, but we certainly do not know about all of them.
In that context, does the Minister think it is a good thing that the strips of football clubs such as Blackburn Rovers are sponsored by vaping companies?
If not, will he join me in seeking to change that?
I know that there have been many discussions about sponsorship within various sporting bodies.
It is for the individual clubs and the football authorities themselves to set guidelines of that kind, but the hon.
Lady has raised an interesting point and, if she will allow me, I will give it further consideration.