May I associate myself with the remarks about Passover and about Mr Speaker’s late father, and send my sincerest condolences to him and his family?
Since we last met for business questions, the Leader of the House has been keeping busy, and I thought that one of her social media posts on X during the recess was particularly eye-catching.
Indeed, it was unique because it asked her constituents to contact her directly, so outraged was she by a burning injustice.
It started: “Damn right.
I know many people will have strong feelings on this…email me…and I will make sure your concerns” are heard.
Those are such strong feelings that you may wonder, Madam Deputy Speaker, what caused that righteous anger, which was not just from the Leader of the House but from Members across the Chamber.
Was it children getting sick swimming through human faeces in the rivers of England, or perhaps the endless strikes in the NHS in England?
Was it arms sales to Israel, or an economic crisis that was triggered by a former Prime Minister, now saviour of the west?
Was it the cruel, immoral, illegal and ruinously expensive Rwanda scheme?
Perhaps the angry post was just a response to the Leader of the House’s constituents in Portsmouth, who are now furious—rightly enough—about the likely demolition of the brand new border control post in Portsmouth, which is among a herd of such white elephants around the UK, and a direct result of the right hon.
Lady’s ongoing Brexit confusion that will cost a fortune.
No—that was not what prompted the outburst.
The Leader of the House and many of her colleagues were furious about England’s new football top—“damn right” they were.
So, no, the farce of the doomed border post on the right hon.
Lady’s doorstep has not figured in the busy social media output we see from her.
Her Government’s disastrous Brexit import charges are none the less coming in on  30 April , causing even more costly confusion and raising very real concerns about food shortages, as well as her own local difficulties.
May I ask the Leader of the House for an urgent debate on these new Brexit charges and the ongoing catastrophe of Brexit, which Scots rejected, yet are forced to suffer the ill effects of?
Her constituents will be interested to hear an answer—ideally before she wastes more time launching into another anti-Scotland video script.
First, I should thank the hon.
Lady for her concern about Portsmouth port, which is doing very well.
We have a brand-new passenger terminal and an enormous number of new ship visits, which are projected to increase our local economy by £300 million over the next few years.
That is in addition to massively increasing and diversifying the freight coming into that port.
I hope she will welcome the news that the United Kingdom is exporting more and has just become the fourth-largest exporter in the world.
We are doing very well.
I am always keen to facilitate my constituents who wish to make complaints to all sorts of organisations in their ability to do that.
I just say to the hon.
Lady that our nation’s flag is important to the people of Portsmouth.
I suggest that she might like to think twice before she mocks that view.
These things and these traditions are important.
They are not the worship of ashes, but the preservation of fire.
The hon.
Lady has been busy, too, during the recess, penning articles about how much my colleagues and I hate Scotland and the Scottish people.
She has done it again in her opening remarks and her questions to me.
At some point, she will have to say why she thinks that is the case.
I know that the Scottish rugby team has being doing well against England, but that is not grounds to justify her accusations against me.
The SNP seems hellbent on exposing hate where there is none.
I understand that of the 9,000 hate crimes reported under the SNP’s new law, with 3,419 made on  1 April  alone, only nine will qualify under this new law, and seven of those nine have now been dismissed.
Police Scotland deserves our thanks and our sympathy.
I am sure that those police officers joined the force to do something much more helpful for their communities.
It is only the Conservatives  who have stood against this lunacy, and we will continue to do that.
Other parties had the opportunity to repeal this law and chose not to.
We on the Government Benches know that laws and movements based on hate and division always try to curtail freedom, and we know that in the end such movements always fail.
I associate myself with your remarks, Madam Deputy Speaker, about the late father of Mr Speaker.
The Chairman of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns) , is with his family right now, because his daughter-in-law is still extremely ill.
I am sure the whole House will send our sympathy and best wishes for a speedy recovery.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] On behalf of the Backbench Business Committee, I thank my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House for the allocation of time for the hospice funding debate.
I hope that will take place on Monday.
It is heavily subscribed, I believe, and a lot of Members will want to take part.
We have now filled our Chamber time.
On  2 May , there will be a debate on security in the western Balkans and another on pension schemes.
On  9 May , if we are given the time, there will be debates on miners and mining communities and on the BBC mid-term charter review, both of which are popular matters for discussion.
We have also allocated all the time available to us in Westminster Hall.
If the Leader of the House has more time that she needs to allocate to the Backbench Business Committee, we can readily fill up that time if she wishes.
The Mayor of London made a solemn promise before the last mayoral election that he would not expand the ultra low emission zone to outer London.
No sooner had he been re-elected than he started a consultation on expanding ULEZ to outer London.
The fact that 66% of respondents objected seemed to have no bearing on his decision; he immediately introduced ULEZ to the whole of outer London, and people are suffering as a result.
At this election, he is promising not to introduce pay per mile if he is re-elected.
Can we trust him?
Not a bit of it.
The reality is that his adviser— This is a speech.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Order.
If  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  was out of order and had to sit down, I would tell him so.
I do not need  the hon.
Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan)  to tell me how to conduct the affairs of the Chamber.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
One of the Mayor’s key advisers has let slip that the Mayor is planning to do precisely that if he is re-elected.
Can we have a debate in Government time on promises made at elections and promises broken?
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for stepping up in place of the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I am sure that all Members will join him in sending our thoughts and love to  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns)  and his whole family at this difficult time.
I also thank him for the advert for future Backbench Business Committee debates.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out the abysmal record and broken promises of Labour’s London Mayor, whose war on motorists will, I am afraid, continue.
He is targeting people through the ULEZ and low-traffic neighbourhoods, which disproportionately hit those on low incomes.
Meanwhile, Transport for London is not in a financially stable position, and every year, 15,000 fewer homes are being delivered than the Mayor promised in his London plan.
Labour has a record of failing not only those in Wales, Birmingham, Nottingham and countless other places, but Londoners, who will be safer with Susan Hall.
I urge all hon.
Members to support her.