Since we last met, the media regulator Ofcom has again reprimanded GB News for breaching impartiality rules.
Ofcom says that news programmes should not be presented by politicians.
The Tory Benches host a plethora of Ofcom rule-breaching MPs who leave this place to freelance as pretendy news presenters on a channel that spreads conspiracy theories and disinformation, and that undermines Ofcom.
I am on the side of journalism, not disinformation.
Does the Minister agree with me that GB News should drop the propaganda and obey the regulator?
I am in favour of media plurality; I think it is important that there are channels for everybody to watch, and GB News is a very popular outlet.
I think that the person to regulate GB News is Ofcom, not those on the shadow Benches.
Crewe Amateur Musicals Society opens what I am sure will be a fantastic production of “Kinky Boots” at Crewe Lyceum this evening, but I am concerned that Arts Council funding does not do enough to support existing groups and activities.
As well as joining me in wishing the Crewe Amateur Musicals Society good luck this evening, can my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss Arts Council funding?
I wish the Crewe Amateur Musicals Society the very best of luck with their performance.
We channel a very large amount of money to Arts Council England.
With lottery funding and Government funding, that is about £444 million every year.
We also have a number of tax reliefs for the performing arts.
I also encourage the groups in my hon.
Friend’s constituency  to apply for the latest cultural development fund round, which opened in February and supports organisations such as the one he cites.
Cambridge has a long-established and flourishing local music scene
but, as elsewhere, times are hard.
The Music Venue Trust recently reported that, nationally, there have been 67 emergency cases for its experts so far in 2024.
With soaring maintenance and operating costs, and with inflation meaning that the grassroots music sector is operating on a profit margin of just 0.2%, does the Minister accept that this is unsustainable for any business?
It has been a particularly difficult period for a number of music venues.
Obviously, we went through the pandemic and then an energy crisis, and we tried to support venues through those difficult times.
We are now working very closely with the Music Venue Trust, which has access to Arts Council funding that is helping it to buy the freehold of some music venues.
We also have a grassroots music fund that is helping with some of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman cites, and I am sure it would be happy to look into the particularly treasured venues in his constituency.