The Secretary of State will be aware of the proposal by Universal Studios for a theme park in Bedfordshire—a £10 billion investment in the country.
She will also be aware of the strong local support, led by Conservative Mayor Tom Wootton, so can she assure me and other Bedfordshire MPs that she is working hard with the Treasury to get a response to that proposal, and that a Government proposal will be forthcoming before the summer?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this very exciting opportunity for Bedfordshire, which I am pleased to have discussed with him.
We are liaising closely with the Treasury, and I am also happy to continue liaising with my hon.
Friend.
What discussions have the Government had, or would be willing to have, with Glasgow City Council and the Scottish Government on the prospect of Glasgow stepping in to host the 2026 Commonwealth games?
This country is proud to have hosted the Commonwealth games twice in the past decade, most recently in Birmingham.
I have had conversations with the Commonwealth Games Federation on its plans, and I know it is currently considering a host of options.
I will see what it comes out with before I commit to any further engagement.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the magnificent and mighty Portsmouth football club on winning League One and securing promotion to the championship this week?
Does she agree with me that Pompey’s fantastic victory demonstrates the magic of football in bringing communities together, inspiring young people and encouraging health and fitness?
I am very pleased to congratulate Portsmouth football club on its success.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of local clubs and what they do in their communities.
It is not just the match on a Saturday; it is also about what they do to encourage people to get involved in their community and to get fit and active.
Going around the country, I have seen some fabulous examples of what sports clubs—not just football but rugby and cricket—do for their local areas.
The Carney review revealed that women’s football has a long way to go on minimum professional standards, union representation, mental health support and more.
Will Ministers give these recommendations parity with the changes needed in the men’s game?
I am pleased to have spoken to Karen Carney on a number of occasions about her review and the importance of women’s football, and I am also pleased to take on board all her recommendations.
The Government approved all the review’s recommendations, and I am pleased to chair the first implementation group, which is ensuring that the recommendations will be implemented by the Football Association and others.
Since I last raised the closure of small music venues, two a week continue to close.
There is now a growing consensus within the live music sector that a £1 levy should be put on large music venues and those who are making massive profits at live events.
The Culture, Media and Sport Committee is looking at this, and I have listened very carefully to the evidence.
If it is recommended, will the Minister put in place a levy similar to the one in other countries across Europe?
We are very sympathetic to that concept, which has worked well in football.
We are closely watching the industry discussions about the idea of a levy that would support grassroots music venues which, as we all know, are the talent pipeline for our world-leading music industry.
We do not want to see them wither, so we are watching this matter closely and I have had recent discussions with relevant organisations on it.
Further to that question, and as others have said, brilliant grassroots music venues all over the country are struggling with spiralling costs.
The Grayston Unity is one such venue that is crucial in not only ensuring access to music, but developing the skills pipeline for people working in that sector and, we hope, becoming the stars of tomorrow.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that she understands, and reassures those venues that she gets, the spiralling costs they face?
As I have said, we have a number of initiatives under way.
Arts Council funding is supporting the Music Venue Trust in relation to owning freeholds of properties and we have our supporting grassroots music fund, which has been topped up recently because of some of the issues cited by the hon.
Lady.
We want to try to help music venues through these difficult times, because we believe they are so valuable, not only to the  talent pipeline, but in giving communities access to local music and performing opportunities.
We hope that these venues will continue long into the future.
rose— Order.
If we have very brief questions and answers, I will try to get everybody in.
I call Chi Onwurah.
The “Space Investigators” exhibition at the Great North Museum celebrates the amazing history of the north-east in designing and manufacturing telescopes.
What support does the Minister offer so that regions such as ours can better understand and promote our great industrial heritage?
I am pleased that work has been going on in the hon.
Lady’s constituency on these important matters.
Of course, through Arts Council funding and through Department for Culture, Media and Sport funding, we support institutions across the country that support the history of, and what is going on in, their local communities, as well as arts across the country.
This is the 900th anniversary of the founding of Edinburgh city and St Giles’ cathedral.
Celebrations are planned to mark it, so will the Minister tell us whether the Department is going to be working with the devolved Administration and supporting the local council in celebrating that anniversary?
And would she like to come and join the party?
It sounds like a superb party and I shall certainly send the invitation to Lord Parkinson, who is the ministerial lead on these issues.
At the most recent British-Irish Parliamentary Assembly, I asked the Irish Tourism Minister about their ticketing policy and its success, and they said it was very much a success.
So may I suggest that rather than dismiss Labour’s proposals, the Government should look at the evidence from the Irish Government, rather than listening to outlaw companies such as Viagogo?
I spoke to officials this week about the Irish example and they were concerned that it had led to an increase in fraudulent activity.
However, we will obviously keep this under review.
Omaze has had a big impact on charity fundraising.
Although it is raising money for extremely good causes, does the Secretary of State agree that when people buy tickets for fundraising they should have some idea of what proportion of the money they are spending is actually going to those charities?
Should we not have more transparency in this area?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
He will be aware that we have looked at a range of issues in relation to gambling, lotteries and society lotteries.
The prize draws are an area of work we are examining at the moment to get a better understanding  of what the market is like.
He rightly says that it is important that people are aware of how much of the money they are spending is going to charities, and we will continue to work in this area.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— To ask the hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, what recent assessment the Church has made of trends in the number of families that attend a church service over the Easter period.
Although we do not yet have confirmed numbers of worshippers for this Easter just gone, our clergy report high attendance, among all ages, at services, which supports the post-pandemic trend of people returning to services on Easter day in person to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus.
The future of the Church is reliant on younger families attending and receiving the good news of the Holy Gospel.
What assessment has the Church made of initiatives like the pupil chaplain scheme and regular “Messy Church” at All Saints Torre in achieving that?
I was delighted to learn about the pupil chaplain scheme that All Saints Torre is running with Torre Church of England Academy; I will bring it to the attention of the Church nationally.
The Church of England has committed £40 million since 2022 to increase provision for children and young people across the country.
I thank Father Paul Jones for his service at All Saints Babbacombe and his wife, Jackie, who has led a Rainbows group at the church for many years.
Their important work, which includes inspiring the next generation, has been noted and appreciated.
The hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— To ask the hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, what recent discussions the committee has had with the Electoral Commission on the integrity of election processes.
The committee has regular discussions with the Electoral Commission on issues relating to electoral integrity.
The commission is working to ensure upcoming elections, including those  in May and the next UK parliamentary general election, are well run and command public confidence.
It continues to make recommendations to UK Governments and legislatures to further safeguard the UK’s electoral system, where appropriate.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her newly acquired responsibilities in this area.
I am sure she brings the same diligence and independence of mind that her father brought to matters in this House for many years.
We will be well served by her.
Spotlight on Corruption wrote to the National Crime Agency in December last year highlighting the dangers of UK elections being exposed to dirty money and foreign influence.
The commission no longer has powers to raise prosecutions, but it can investigate.
Will the hon.
Lady use her offices to bring the Electoral Commission’s attention to the Spotlight on Corruption report and see what assessment it makes of it?
I will bring the report to the attention of the Electoral Commission.
The commission has said that it takes all possible steps within the current regulatory framework to prevent unlawful foreign money from entering UK politics, and it publishes information about donations to ensure transparency.
It can sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
It works with the police, who can investigate unlawful foreign money entering UK politics through permissible donors.
However, it cannot take enforcement action against organisations based outside the UK.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure voters can have greater confidence in political finance in the UK.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— To ask the hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, what steps the Commission is taking to reduce food waste on the parliamentary estate.
The House of Commons Commission takes food waste extremely seriously.
We work with organisations, such as FareShare, to use unused food and distribute it, but we also take food that is not eaten on one day and safely use it in other recipes on another day.
We have probably all been to events and occasions here where the hosts have perhaps enthusiastically over-ordered.
It would be useful to be assured that none of that food goes to landfill and that ways are found to reuse it.
These days there are a number of initiatives and apps where venues and stores can make food available at discounted prices at the end of the day.
Could that be something that could be extended to staff—obviously not to Members—particularly those who work late on the estate, so that absolutely no food in this place goes to waste?
We will always look at suggestions.
I can reassure the hon.
Member that our catering team recently achieved the highest mark in the Sustainable Restaurant Association “Food Made Good” rating.
One of the areas that we were assessed on was our commitment to reducing food waste, but clearly we will look at the hon.
Member’s suggestions and we will act on them if they have merit.