rose— Order.
The hon.
Member complained about the other question, but it is not my fault that no Government Members have stood to ask a supplementary question.
I keep a political balance, and I am not going to break that for him.
I call Thangam Debbonaire.
Ticket touts are a scourge on our live music industry.
Secondary ticketing websites inflate prices and pocket the profits, which makes cultural and sporting events unaffordable for many families and damages the relationship between fans, artists and venues.
While the Government fail to act, Labour has committed to tackling soaring ticketing prices on the secondary market.
Surely the Minister agrees that only Labour will put fans back at the heart of music and cultural events.
Surely the hon.
Member would not expect me to agree with such a ludicrous statement.
We brought in laws and we have anti-bot regulations, and we have had ticket touts arrested for their activities.
I know that Labour has brought forward its own proposal—effectively a price cap on resale—which we do not think is workable.
We have seen that in Ireland, and it simply increases fraudulent activity; it does not deliver for fans.
We simply do not believe that what she is proposing will make any difference.
What steps her Department is taking to help the heritage sector reach net zero.
Earlier this year, we published a review of the barriers faced by owners of historic homes to reducing their energy consumption.
It made a number of commitments across planning, skills and finance to assist the heritage sector on its journey to net zero, including consulting on the role of local listed building consent orders to drive change at the local level.
In 2022, North Tyneside’s world heritage site Segedunum was successful in accessing funds through the museums estate and development fund for urgent  repairs.
That will contribute to reducing the site’s carbon footprint.
Currently, other than the Heritage Fund and potential regional government funding, there are no other sources of funding that would help cultural and heritage sites meet climate change targets.
What are the Government doing directly to ensure that heritage sites can be resilient against climate change and have sustainable futures?