Title: COMMENDING HEMHARSITH SIVAKUMAR GAYATHRI ON RECEIPT OF THE CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL OF 2024; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
103

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING HEMHARSITH SIVAKUMAR GAYATHRI ON RECEIPT OF THE

CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL OF 2024

HON.
WILEY NICKEL

Mr. NICKEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our 2024 Congressional

Medalist recipient from North Carolina's 13th Congressional District,

Hemharsith Sivakumar Gayathri.
At such a young age, Mr. Gayathri has

demonstrated tremendous leadership, academic excellence, and commitment

to his community.
Hemharsith has been recognized for his academic and community

contributions with the Outstanding Academic Excellence Award from the

President of the United States and the Community Oscar Award for

Outstanding Student of the Year.
In a testament to his determination and skill, Hemharsith is an FAA-

certified glider pilot, who embarked on his journey in gliding at the

age of 14 on August 14, 2021.
He achieved a significant milestone on

October 22, 2022, by completing his Glider Solo.
His dedication and

perseverance led to the attainment of his Glider License at the age of

16 on July 2, 2023, marking a remarkable milestone in his aviation

journey.
Hemharsith has showcased exceptional leadership by founding the South

Garner High School Cadet Titan Corps and actively engaging in the Civil

Air Patrol, where he achieved the esteemed rank of Cadet 1st Lieutenant

and was honored as the recipient of The Mitchell Award.
Hemharsith's dedication to community service is evident through his

roles as a junior volunteer firefighter at Fairview Fire Department, a

certified Red Cross lifeguard, and an active volunteer in various

flying associations.
Hemharsith is also a leader in academics and is ranked among the top

few in his class at South Garner High School.
He has committed himself

to excel further in learning and is a high-achieving student in the CCP

program at Wake Tech Community College.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my esteemed colleagues to join me in extending our

heartfelt congratulations and best wishes to Hemiharsith Sivakumar

Gayathri as he accepts the Congressional Medal for 2024.
His commitment

to service, perseverance, and academics represents the best of our

state, reminding us all of the impact one person can have on the world

around us.
A sincere and heartfelt congratulations to Mr. Gayathri on this well-

deserved recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ARMANDO ``CURTIS'' HIERRO AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL

FLORIDA FOR CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Armando ``Curtis'' Hierro is a 36-year-old

Cuban-American.
He is the national field director for the

Communications Workers of America with years of experience organizing

for workers and human rights in Florida.
Curtis has a Bachelor of Arts in History from the University of

Central Florida and a certificate in leadership, organizing, and action

from the Harvard Kennedy School.
Organizing is a deeply held passion for Curtis.
Curtis was born in

Miami, Florida, into a single-mother household where his family faced

immense economic challenges, poverty, and homelessness.
Through a

strong work ethic, a belief in the power of community, and a commitment

to education passed on by his mother and grandmother, he was able to be

the first person in his family to attend and graduate college.
While at

the University of Central Florida, Curtis organized students to stand

up for campus custodial staff in contract fights and support immigrant

workers from the Coalition of Immokalee Workers.
From 2012 to 2016, Curtis was a founding member and the first field

director for the organization Dream Defenders--a community organization

in Florida led by young people of color building power and organizing

local and statewide campaigns to address issues of poverty, for-profit

prisons, and accountable policing.