Through a

strong work ethic, a belief in the power of community, and a commitment

to education passed on by his mother and grandmother, he was able to be

the first person in his family to attend and graduate college.
While at

the University of Central Florida, Curtis organized students to stand

up for campus custodial staff in contract fights and support immigrant

workers from the Coalition of Immokalee Workers.
From 2012 to 2016, Curtis was a founding member and the first field

director for the organization Dream Defenders--a community organization

in Florida led by young people of color building power and organizing

local and statewide campaigns to address issues of poverty, for-profit

prisons, and accountable policing.
Moving on to the Central Florida

AFL-CIO as organizing director, Curtis led the AFL-CIO's efforts to

directly support the contract fight for fair wages by Disney workers

represented by Unite Here and helped organize workers forming their

union for the first time with the Communications Workers of America.
Additionally, Curtis co-led the fight to make Orlando the first city in

the southeast United States to adopt a Trust Act to safeguard immigrant

communities in 2018.
Curtis now focuses his efforts on supporting CWA members in Florida

and across the country in developing their leadership and taking action

to build worker power.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHERYL REID-PAYNE AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Cheryl Reid-Payne was born on the beautiful

island of Barbados, immigrated to London, England, and eventually moved

to New York.
There, she pursued a career in the medical field and

obtained her certification as a nursing assistant.
After over 20 years of living in New York, she moved to Central

Florida in 2002 and continued her passion for helping people by working

at several nursing facilities.
Cheryl, a champion of serving the

community, also sought opportunities to do so by becoming a member of

the CFAFCC, NAFCC, NAACP, and the Caribbean and Floridian Association,

known as CAFA.
She has been an active member of CAFA for the past 23

years serving in many capacities, such as chaplin, corresponding

secretary, and co-chair of the Service Activities/Education Committee,

for which she is currently the sole chairperson.
In this capacity,

Cheryl enjoys planning, shopping, and delivering Christmas giveaways to

residents at Central Florida nursing facilities.
During Thanksgiving,

she also hands out turkeys at several locations in Kissimmee to

families in need.
At CAFA's biggest annual community event, Caribbean

Fusion, held in Kissimmee, you can find her by the medical tent taking

blood pressure as she is also on CAFA's Medical Committee as a nursing

assistant.
Additionally, Cheryl and her team fundraise for and provide college

scholarships at CAFA's yearly scholarship awards ceremony to Osceola

County high school students with impeccable GPA scores.
Students also

receive special gift bags, which Cheryl shops for and donates to the

students with great pleasure.
Keeping in line with her passion and love for children, Cheryl

officially opened Cheryl's Daycare, which was opened in the Poinciana

area for 18 years.
Beyond Cheryl's social and professional endeavors,

she finds comfort in serving as an usher at her local church in

Poinciana.
It has been and remains her honor to serve the community and she

looks forward to continuing to do so with passion and care, with a goal

of becoming a member of the Chamber of Commerce.
Currently, she is

happy being a wife and mother of four children and five grandchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
MICHAEL LOVELL

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleague and fellow

Marquette University graduate, Rep. Gwen Moore, to honor the life and

legacy of President Michael Rhodes Lovell, Ph.D., an accomplished

engineer and the 24th president of my alma mater.