DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Maira Rivera is a certified educator employed

as the dean of an elementary school in Orange County Public Schools.
She is in the 30th year of her educational career, which began in New

York working with students with special needs for 10 years.
She then

moved to Orlando in 2004, where she has taught kindergarten, was an

exceptional student education staffing specialist, and a district

program specialist.
Maira earned her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, Master of Science in

Early Childhood Education, and Master of Education in Educational

Leadership.
In 2006, Maira was the recipient of the Lehman Urban

Teacher Education Award in recognition of her achievement as an

outstanding educator and alumna of Lehman College who exemplifies the

ideals of their education programs in promoting justice, equity, and

caring in urban education.
That same year, Maira was also named as an

Orange County Public School's Teacher of the Year.
In addition to her passion for helping students achieve academic and

social-emotional success, she is also a member of many organizations

that focus on helping the community with issues surrounding

immigration, voter registration, affordable housing, fair wages, and

better working conditions.
Maira is on the executive board of the

Florida AFL-CIO and the AFL-CIO Central Florida Labor Council.
She is

the treasurer of the Central Florida Labor Council for Latin American

Advancement.
Maira serves on the governance board of the Florida

Education Association and is the vice president of the Orange County

Classroom Teachers Association.
She is a fierce advocate for all OCPS

staff, students, and families.
Maira was also a member of Vamos4PR and helped establish the Language

Line Phone Interpreting Services, which provides translation in over

240 languages for the diverse families of OCPS to be able to actively

participate in their child's education.
Maira's most treasured

accomplishment is being married to her forever love, Ismael, for 36

years.
Together, they have three amazing children, Jose, Christina, and

Daniel.
They also have 12 precious grandchildren and enjoy spoiling

them every chance they get.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARIA ANTONIA ``TONITA'' CAY

HON.
NYDIA M. VELAZQUEZ

Ms VELAZQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Maria

Antonia ``Tonita'' Cay and the 50th year anniversary of the Caribbean

Social Club, which stands as the oldest Puerto Rican-owned Latino

social club in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
She has been featured in

numerous media outlets, publications, and a documentary.
In the past

years, notable artists, filmmakers, and musicians have visited Tonita's

Caribbean Social Club to experience the unique essence of the rich

Latino heritage it now represents.
Tonita, as she is affectionately known, was born on May 10, 1940, in

Junco, Puerto Rico.
She is the second oldest of nine siblings.
In 1956,

during the significant migration of Puerto Ricans to New York City, her

family settled in the Lower East Side when she was fifteen years old.
Several years later, she moved to Williamsburg, where there was an

established and growing Puerto Rican community and employment

opportunities in the needlework factories that were part of New York's

bustling garment industry.
In addition to working as factory

seamstress, Tonita began designing, sewing, and selling dresses from

her home.
This home-based business showcased her skills and helped

support her and fulfill her dream of owning the building she lived in

as a tenant.
This established a foothold in her community and laid the

foundation for the incorporation of her Caribbean baseball team and

club in 1973 at 244 Grand Street in Brooklyn.
Her courage and

perseverance defied the societal norms of the time.
Today, Tonita is one of Los Sures Williamsburg's Puerto Rican

`Pioneras' and the last women-owned social club.
At a time when Puerto

Ricans and Latinos were politically invisible in Williamsburg, Tonita

helped elevate our presence and cultural identity by establishing the

Caribbean Baseball teams, which gathered hundreds of players and their

families weekly.