Ismael served as vice

president of ATU Local 1596 in Orlando and then was later voted in to

become the first Latino president of the local.
In 2013, Ismael

established the ATU Latino Caucus, where he organized Latino workers in

the workplace to be a voice for the Latino community at large as well

as in the workplace.
Ismael served as the southeast representative for

the ATU International Latino Caucus from 2013 to 2016 and then became

the ATU International Latino Caucus president from 2016 to 2024.
Ismael was a bus operator for 27 years from 1997 to 2004.
He started

his career in transit as a bus operator in New York City.
Ismael than

moved to Central Florida in January 2004 and continued his career as a

bus operator with the Central Florida Regional Transit Authority for

the past 20 years.
In 2017, after Hurricane Maria hit the Island of Puerto Rico, Ismael

shipped a 53-foot container filled with food, water, and necessities

for the people on the southern part of the island--a small town in the

mountains called Tibes.
This was made possible with the assistance of

ATU International who paid for the shipping of the container.
Ismael served on the Central Labor Council in Central Florida from

2013 to 2024.
Ismael represents ATU on the national board for the Labor

Council for Latin American Advancement.
On this board, he engages with

members dealing with immigration issues in the workplace and abroad.
Ismael and his wife, Maira, have been married for 36 years and have

three children, Jose, Christina, and Daniel, as well as 12 precious

grandchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LENNA DONNA CADOGAN AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL

FLORIDA FOR CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Lenna Donna Cadogan hails from Guyana, South

America.
Lenna received an academic scholarship from the government of

Guyana to attend the Dental Auxiliary School in Jamaica, where she

pursued advanced studies and graduated as a dental nurse.
In 1980, she

migrated to the United States and resided in Brooklyn, New York.
She

continued her studies at New York City Technical College, where she

graduated as a dental hygienist.
In 1988, she relocated with her family

to Orlando, Florida, and was employed as a dental hygienist.
She is

currently retired after 30 years of service.
Lenna has been married to

her husband, Noel, for over 46 years and has two amazing children and

four grandchildren, as well as a son-in-law and daughter-in-law.
Lenna has been a member of the Caribbean and Floridian Association,

Inc., since its inception 34 years ago.
She has been a member of the

Medical Committee serving the community in health fairs, and the

Education Committee, which provides scholarships yearly to graduating

students in Central Florida.
She is currently the chairperson of the

Fundraising and Entertainment Committee, a position she has held for

many years.
She is instrumental in coordinating one of the largest

festivals, the Caribbean Fusion Festival, which is held annually in

Kissimmee and attended by over 7,000 people who contribute greatly to

the economy of the City of Kissimmee.
She also organizes yearly bus

rides to Fort DeSota Park, as well as the annual holiday party at

Christmas for family, friends, and members of the community.
Lenna is a woman of faith and is an active member of Solid Rock

Community Church in Kissimmee.
She is also the leader of the Greeters

Ministry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAIRA RIVERA AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Maira Rivera is a certified educator employed

as the dean of an elementary school in Orange County Public Schools.
She is in the 30th year of her educational career, which began in New

York working with students with special needs for 10 years.