Had I been present, my votes would have been:

Nay on Roll Call No.
261; Nay on Roll Call No.
262; Nay on Roll Call

No.
263; Yea on Roll Call No.
264; Nay on Roll Call No.
265; Nay on

Roll Call No.
266; Nay on Roll Call No.
267; Nay on Roll Call No.
268;

Nay on Roll Call No.
269; Nay on Roll Call No.
270; Nay on Roll Call

No.
271; Nay on Roll Call No.
272; Nay on Roll Call No.
273; Nay on

Roll Call No.
274; and Nay on Roll Call No.
275.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
JIM WALLACE

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to

extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an exceptional

community leader and outstanding citizen, Mr. Jim Wallace, on his

retirement as a distinguished news anchor at WALB News 10 in Albany,

Georgia.
Jim's final day on-air will be June 26, 2024, and a party

honoring his retirement and career will be held on June 18, 2024, in

Albany, Georgia.
Born and raised in North Georgia, Jim Wallace attended Towers High

School in Decatur, Georgia, and graduated from the University of

Georgia in 1976 with a degree in Broadcast Journalism.
For over four decades, Jim has been a dependable and well-respected

leader in Southwest Georgia.
He has built quite an impressive career,

which began in November 1976 when he joined WALB News 10, serving in

both news and sports.
He has served as a weekend Sports Anchor and

Reporter, then as Sports Director.
In September 2001, he began

anchoring the evening newscasts, and in December 2016, Jim's hard work

and talent landed him the Lead Anchor role in the evenings.
Throughout his career, Jim has accumulated numerous accolades.
He has

won the prestigious Georgia AP Sportscaster of the Year and Georgia AP

Sports Reporter of the Year award on two separate occasions.
Jim is

also a Georgia AP Sports Photographer of Year award winner and holds

numerous United Press International Sportscasting Awards.
Along with

his professional achievements, Jim also dutifully volunteers as a

Sunday School teacher and youth volunteer at First United Methodist

Church.
Jim has accomplished much throughout his life, but none of it would

have been possible without the Grace of God and the love and support of

his wife, Tracy, and their two children, Jake and Shelly.
Sir Winston Churchill often said ``You make your living by what you

get, you make your life by what you give.''
Southwest Georgia is a

better place because Jim Wallace gave his time and talents to keep our

communities informed about the world around them.
Jim's passion and

dedication to the news, as well as his broadcasting expertise, are

unparalleled, but his heart for helping others is what has made his

life's work truly special.
On a personal note, it has been a pleasure working with Jim during my

time in public office.
Over the years, Jim and I have sat down

for countless interviews and discussions on numerous topics which have

been essential to informing the people of Georgia about the pressing

issues we face as a state and as Americans.
While I have no doubt that

WALB News 10 will continue in its mission to inform the public, we will

all certainly miss Jim's adept reporting and insights.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives

to join my wife, Vivian; and me, along with the more than 765,000

people of Georgia's Second Congressional District, in extending our

sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Jim Wallace upon the

occasion of his retirement from an outstanding four-decade career in

broadcast journalism at WALB News 10.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO KEN JARVIS

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.