Her courage and

perseverance defied the societal norms of the time.
Today, Tonita is one of Los Sures Williamsburg's Puerto Rican

`Pioneras' and the last women-owned social club.
At a time when Puerto

Ricans and Latinos were politically invisible in Williamsburg, Tonita

helped elevate our presence and cultural identity by establishing the

Caribbean Baseball teams, which gathered hundreds of players and their

families weekly.
Players and their families were proud of Roberto

Clemente and wanted to emanate his game.
Tonita's grit contributed to

more Latino, and women owned social clubs and baseball leagues.
During

the 1970's and 1980's, the Southside of Williamsburg was flushed with

gathering social clubs for baseball and dominoes.
In the 1990's, the

rising cost of rent and excessive demand on licensing by the city

imposed significant hardship for many social clubs including Tonita's.
However, she demonstrated remarkable resilience.
Her determination was

particularly evident when she took on City Hall and won, securing the

club's place in the community even as Mayor Rudy Giuliani's

administration cracked down on various venues.
Tonita's victory was an achievement.
Today, her continued legacy of

community support remains steadfast.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, she

utilized the Caribbean Social Club to provide no cost essential

assistance and home cooked meals to her neighbors and all who visited.
The Caribbean Social Club is not only home to Puerto Ricans, but also

welcoming place for a melting pot of different backgrounds, cultures

and professions, reflecting Tonita's inclusive and welcoming spirit.
Maria Antonia Cay and the Caribbean Social Club is the embodiment of

the American dream.
Her business acumen and sense of community has

contributed greatly to the social and cultural fabric of the Los Sures

community in Williamsburg.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating Maria

Antonia Cay and the Caribbean Social Club on this special 50th Year

Anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF ERIC VOLTA

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Eric Volta as

he retires from his role as Superintendent of the Liberty Union High

School District.
Eric grew up in the Santa Clara Valley and graduated from Santa Clara

High School.
He went on to attend Stanford University, playing on

Stanford's football team all four years of university and graduating

with his BA in history.
Throughout his career, Eric has worked

tirelessly to support students and expand educational opportunities

throughout the Bay Area.
He worked in the Santa Clara Unified School

District (SCUSD) teaching 9th through 12th graders and went on to serve

as Vice Principal of Santa Clara High School.
Eric and his family moved to Brentwood, California in 2000 and Eric

joined the Liberty Union High School District (LUHSD).
During his time

with LUHSD, Eric served as assistant principal, high school principal,

and Assistant Superintendent of Human Resources.
He was promoted to

Superintendent in 2011 where he has worked to support students and

families.
Eric has received a number of accolades for his work as an

educator, receiving the ACSA's Superintendent of the Year for Region VI

Award, the California Interscholastic Federation Distinguished Services

Award, and the California Department of Education's Principal Award.
Additionally, he served on the California School Boards Association

Superintendents Advisory Council and is a current board member of the

California High School Coalition.
Eric is retiring from his position as superintendent after 13 years

of dedicated service.
Please join me in thanking Eric for his many

contributions to the Liberty Union High School District and wishing him

well as he begins his new role as superintendent of the Mountain View

Los Altos Union High School District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.