MICHAEL LOVELL

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleague and fellow

Marquette University graduate, Rep. Gwen Moore, to honor the life and

legacy of President Michael Rhodes Lovell, Ph.D., an accomplished

engineer and the 24th president of my alma mater.
His decade of

leadership was transformative for both the Marquette and Milwaukee

communities.
In his lifelong pursuit of academic excellence, Dr. Lovell completed

three mechanical engineering degrees at the University of Pittsburgh,

was a fellow of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the

National Academy of Inventors and held U.S. and global patents.
He

published more than 100 articles in engineering journals, coauthored

Tribology for Scientists and Engineers and was awarded nearly $30

million in research grants for which he was a lead investigator.
His

brilliance did not go unnoticed: he won a National Science Foundation

CAREER award and the ASME Burt L. Newkirk award in Tribology.
Dr.

Lovell understood the importance of research and development, and

Marquette more than doubled its research and development expenditures

in his tenure.
Before joining Marquette's community, Dr. Lovell was the engineering

school dean at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee for three years.
He was later appointed as the school's eighth chancellor in 2011.
Once

at Marquette, he led the implementation of Beyond Boundaries--a

strategic plan that encourages students, faculty and staff alike to

think creatively and to lead impactful lives through entrepreneurship

and community building.
Under his leadership, the university has become

more accessible to students from all different backgrounds.
Dr.

Lovell's impact is seen across campus; from the brand-new dorm to the

new business school, he fought to make Marquette a world-class

university.
Dr. Lovell's thoughtfulness and spirit of service extended far beyond

his administrative duties.
He never failed to make time for Marquette's

students, attending hundreds of campus events and teaching classes.
An

avid runner, he could be seen jogging around campus.
He was often

joined by students through his running club, meeting weekly at the St.

Joan of Arc Chapel on campus.
If a student wanted to speak with him,

all they needed to do was put on a pair of running shoes.
He recognized

the importance of listening and working closely with his fellow

Wisconsinites to address difficult issues.
Alongside his wife Amy, Dr.

Lovell worked especially hard to address mental health issues in the

wider community.
Dr. Lovell embodied Marquette's tagline, `Be the Difference.'
As the

first non-priest to become Marquette University president, Dr. Lovell

held close the Jesuit values that guide Marquette's mission.
He worked

to connect all communities across Milwaukee and led by example, living

a life dedicated to service.
Let us pray for Dr. Lovell's wife Amy and his children--Marissa,

Matthew, Anna, and Kevin, and his many friends during this time of

sorrow.
There is no doubt that Dr. Lovell's prodigious impact will

continue to live on through the countless lives he positively impacted

as a leader, educator and researcher.
Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ISMAEL RIVERA AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Ismael Rivera is a senior organizer for the

International Amalgamated Transit Union.
He assists transit workers in

learning the importance of joining a union among all the great benefits

the union brings.
He organizes the unorganized workers throughout

Central Florida who are looking for a voice.
Ismael served as vice

president of ATU Local 1596 in Orlando and then was later voted in to

become the first Latino president of the local.
In 2013, Ismael

established the ATU Latino Caucus, where he organized Latino workers in

the workplace to be a voice for the Latino community at large as well

as in the workplace.
Ismael served as the southeast representative for

the ATU International Latino Caucus from 2013 to 2016 and then became

the ATU International Latino Caucus president from 2016 to 2024.