Title: CELEBRATING MILLARD FILLMORE SUBURBAN HOSPITAL'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
129

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MILLARD FILLMORE SUBURBAN HOSPITAL'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

anniversary of Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital.
For half a century,

Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital has provided the highest level of

healthcare to the Town of Amherst and the Weston New York community.
On August 12, 1974, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital opened as a

full service community hospital with 150 beds.
This achievement was the

culmination of thirty years of hard work from community members and

organizations in the Town of Amherst and the Town of Clarence.
The

hospital was built on 31.5 acres of land generously donated by Charles

K. Basset, who wanted to address the ever-growing need to have a

hospital in the community.
Additionally, the Women's Auxiliary of the Amherst-Clarence Hospital

Association was instrumental in the hospital's development, pledging

over $100,000 in 1969 for its construction.
The Women's Board of

Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital continues to play a vital role in

the hospital today, hosting fundraisers to support facility upgrades

and fund services in the community.
Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital underwent significant expansions

and renovations in 1987, 2008, 2015, and 2018, now standing as a four-

story, 400,000 square foot facility.
The 2015 expansion, in

collaboration with John R. Oishei Children's Hospital, added a Level II

Neonatal Intensive Care Unit to the hospital.
This addition has allowed

for Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital to bring comprehensive maternity

care to the northtowns of Western New York.
Today, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital is a full acute care

hospital with 265 beds.
It provides inpatient and outpatient care,

diagnostic testing, and subspecialty services equivalent to those often

seen in city medical centers.
Further, Millard Fillmore Suburban

Hospital was one of the first hospitals in Western New York to offer

robotic surgery, with a current fleet of five robotic-assisted

consoles.
Please join me in congratulating the employees and leadership of

Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital on their 50th anniversary and

thanking them for providing quality medical care to Western New York.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ROBERT WATTS' 90TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Robert Watts on

his 90th birthday.
Known as Bobby to many, Mr. Watts is revered for his

commitment to the Buffalo community, his entrepreneurial spirit, and

his selfless service to our country.
Born on September 2, 1934, Mr. Watts grew up in Buffalo, New York

with his parents, Luther and Lola Watts, and his five siblings.
After

graduating from Seneca High School, Mr. Watts enlisted in the United

States Navy in 1951.
Stationed in Korea, Mr. Watts served his country

with pride until his honorable discharge in 1959.
After his service in the military, Mr. Watts returned to his hometown

of Buffalo.
Here, he worked diligently at Bethlehem Steel, Curtiss-

Wright Corporation, and New York State Thruway Authority and the

Department of Corrections.
Mr. Watts' exceptional work ethic and

commitment to service shone through in every role he held.
Embracing his entrepreneurial ambitions, Mr. Watts opened the Stadium

Liquor Store at the corner of Best Street and Jefferson Avenue, by the

historic War Memorial Stadium, the then-home of the Buffalo Bills.
For

nearly 15 years, Mr. Watts' store was a community fixture, providing

outstanding service to thousands of loyal customers and fans.
Following his time as a business owner, Mr. Watts joined the NFTA as

a bus driver.
He always engaged in friendly conversations with

travelers, bringing a smile to passengers' days.
After a long and

successful career, Mr. Watts entered a well-deserved retirement in

1999.
Beyond his professional accomplishments, Mr. Watts is deeply

committed to his faith.