It was named after Lord Fairfax, an inspiring

mentor and friend to future U.S. President George Washington.
The

school's first Principal was Rae G. Van Cleve, who served until 1938.
Originally designed as an agricultural and mechanical school that

taught ``practical'' skills, programs on the 28-acre campus included

architecture, forestry, agronomy, and landscaping gardening, as

students in that area lived in what was then a largely rural part of

Los Angeles.
In a few short years, and after the gymnasium and a fine

arts building were added, the high school was already an established,

esteemed institution in the Fairfax area of Los Angeles.
During World War II, many Fairfax students and alumni joined the war

effort by enlisting in the military, selling bonds and holding

recycling drives.
In the 1950's the school had a large Jewish student

body and Modern Hebrew classes were taught.
The 1960's and 1970's saw

many foreign languages being offered including Latin, German, Hebrew

and Chinese.
While most of the original campus facilities were

demolished in 1966 due to new seismic standards, the iconic rotunda and

historic auditorium were spared by preservationists and retrofitted.
In

1981 the Fairfax Magnet Center for Visual Arts opened and remains the

only visual arts magnet in the Los Angeles Unified School District and

in 1984, Dr. Virginia Uribe founded Project 10 at Fairfax High School,

the nation's first on-site program that welcomed and supported LGBTQ+

students in a school setting.
In the mid-1990's, a group of local

theater artists held the first Melrose Trading Post flea market to

support art, community and small business.
Because of its success, the

weekly marketplace now hosts hundreds of unique vendors featuring local

dancers, musicians and thespians, and works with Greenway Arts Alliance

to support Fairfax High School's leadership and arts programs.
For a century, Fairfax High School has provided thousands of students

with an excellent education.
The school has produced notable alumni

across many fields, including well-known late actors Mickey Rooney,

Carole Lombard, and Ricardo Montalban, former Los Angeles County

Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky, molecular biologist and public health

advocate Marion Nestle, and former Los Angeles Clippers basketball

player Craig Smith.
I ask all Members to join me today in honoring Fairfax High School

upon its centennial celebration.
The entire Los Angeles community joins

me in thanking the school for the outstanding educational opportunities

it has provided for the youth of California's 30th Congressional

District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO REVEREND KATHY COOPER LEDESMA

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reverend Kathy

Cooper Ledesma upon her retirement as the Co-Senior Pastor of the

Hollywood United Methodist Church (HUMC), in Los Angeles, California.
Reverend Kathy Cooper Ledesma received a Bachelor of Arts degree from

Occidental College in 1982 and a Master of Divinity from the Claremont

School of Theology in 1988.
Upon completion of her education, Kathy

began her service for the California Council of Churches, specializing

in education and public policy.
Under her outstanding direction as

Board Chair, she accomplished several statewide projects on welfare

reform faith-based childcare, and interfaith relations.
In 2005, Rev.

Cooper Ledesma brought her tremendous leadership skills to the

University of Southern California Center for Religion and Civic Culture

where she worked as a project specialist on issues related to faith

communities and preschool for all, earning the Boutillier Award for

Distinguished Ecumenical Service.
Rev. Cooper Ledesma is an elder and leading force in the California-

Pacific Conference of the United Methodist Church, as well a dedicated

member of Hollywood 4WRD, a coalition supporting our unhoused

neighbors.
As one of the founding leaders of the Homeless Task Force of

the Hollywood area faith entities (LA VOICE), Kathy welcomes all with

unfailing compassion and limitless kindness, providing hygiene packs

and meals for the unhoused population, ensuring that everyone is served

both physically and spiritually.