The 6th Army Group was activated on 15 September and

transferred from the Mediterranean Theater to GEN Eisenhower's European

Theater of Operations.
French forces under 7th Army control were re-

designated the 1st French Army and became a separate command under 6th

Army Group control.
Under the aggressive leadership of LTG Patch, MG Truscott, and

General Delattre de Tassigny U.S. and Allied forces of the 6th Army

Group and its supporting air and naval support severely damaged the

German 19th Army and during the 30-day Southern France Campaign moved

over 400 miles from the landing beaches in Provence to link up with

General Eisenhower's forces fighting their way from Normandy on 11

September 1944.
Over \2/3\ of France were liberated in the space of one

month.
French Forces of the Interior (the Resistance) contributed

tremendously to Dragoon's success providing critical intelligence in

the preparation for the landings and with countless small unit actions

which harassed Nazi forces throughout the campaign.
In the 30-day

campaign to liberate Southern France the U.S. forces suffered 4,500

battle casualties and 5,300 non-battle casualties Nazi forces are

assessed as having 7,000 killed in action, 21,000 wounded in action,

and 131,250 prisoners of war.
Medals of Honor were awarded to the following 3rd Infantry Division

soldiers during the Southern France Campaign: SSG James P. Connor, 15

August in Cavalaire-sur-Mer, SSG Stanley Bender, 17 August in La Londe-

les-Maures; T/5 Robert D. Maxwell 7 September in Besancon; 2LT Raymond

Zussman on 12 September in Noroy-le-Bourg, and 1LI John J. Tominac on

12 September in Vesoul.
Among the Distinguished Service Cross

recipients was a young SSG in the 15th Infantry Regiment, Audie Murphy,

whose action came near Ramatuelle on 15 August and who would go on to

become the most-decorated soldier and best-known soldier of WWII.
Other

Medal of Honor recipients were 2LT Stephen R. Gregg from the 36th

Infantry Division on 27 August near Montelimar and 2LT Almond E. Fisher

of the 45th Infantry Division on 12-13 September near Grammont.
Unit awards included Presidential Unit Citations to the following 3rd

Infantry Division units: 1st Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment for its

performance in Montelimar on 27 August embroidered Montelimar and the

1st Battalion, 30th Infantry Regiment for Besancon 6-7 September

embroidered Besancon; and to the 36th Infantry Division the 1st

Battalion, 141st Infantry 15-16 August embroidered Southern France and

the 3rd Battalion, 143rd Infantry Regiment 26-29 August for fighting

embroidered Montelimar; and Cannon Company, 442nd Infantry Regiment for

the full campaign embroidered Southern France.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the entire House of Representatives join me

in congratulating and thanking the surviving veterans of Operation

Dragoon and the Southern France Campaign on the occasion of the

upcoming 80th anniversary of this highly successful operation which

liberated Southern France and played a critical role in the Allied

victory in Europe in WWII.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WORLD WAR II VETERAN JOSEPH

DEMARCO'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

exceptional constituent from my district, Joseph DeMarco.
Throughout

his life, Joe has embodied a selfless and fearless spirit, resulting in

a life rich in stories and memories.
I commend Joe for his service to

our country and thank him for his great sacrifices and honorable

legacy.
As he celebrates his 100th birthday, I would like to recognize

Joe and wish happiness for him and his family.
A Pennsylvania native, Joe was born and raised in South Philadelphia

and still considers it to be ``The best place around''.
A born fighter,

Joe picked up boxing at a young age, facing the world without fear.
He

embodied this spirit in every aspect of his life, and following the

attack on Pearl Harbor, decided without hesitation to serve his

country.
Remarkably, Joe was still only 17, meaning he had to forge his

parents' signatures to join the United States Marine Corps.