Fighting through the Maures and Esterel hill

masses all units reached the Blue Line, the point where the beachhead

could no longer be threatened by enemy counterattack.
On 17 August the

Truscott's VIth Corps launched its aggressive pursuit of German forces

and through the speed of its advance prevented the establishment of

defensive positions east of the Rhone Valley.
The Corps' Task Force

Butler, following the historic Route Napoleon through the Maritime

Alps, the 36th Infantry Division, and 45th Infantry Division rapidly

moved north in an effort to flank and trap the German 19th Army

withdrawing up the Rhone Valley with the 45th Infantry Division

liberating Barjols and clearing the Valensole Plateau, TF Butler and

the 36th Infantry Division liberating Sisteron, Gap, and Grenoble.
The

3rd Infantry Division, attacked west along the Argens valley along the

Route Nationale (RN) 7, guarding the northern flank of French forces

reducing Toulon and Marseille and blocking a possible German counter-

attack, in the process liberating Le Luc (in cooperation with the 45th

Infantry Division and French Armored Command Sudre)--a vital road

junction on RN 7, Brignoles, and numerous communities along the

approach to Aix-en-Provence including Vauvenargues and Saint-Marc-

Jaumegarde abutting Mont St. Victoire.
While Task Force Butler, then

the 36th Infantry Division with attached units from the 45th Infantry

Division, fought in the Montelimar Battle Square north of the city of

Montelimar from 21 to 29 August, the 3rd Infantry Division continued to

press against 19th Army rearguard forces, liberating numerous

communities including Aix-en-Provence, Avignon, Lancon-Provence, Salon-

de-Provence, Orange, Chateauneuf-du-Pape, Bollene, Saint-Paul-Trois-

Chateaux, Valreas, Pierrelatte, La Garde-Adhemar and culminated at the

important city of Montelimar on 28 August.
French Army B liberated

Toulon and Marseille on 28 August, taking 1,825 casualties but taking

11,000 Nazi prisoners.
On 29 August the 3rd Infantry Division established contact with the

36th Infantry Division near the villages of Sauzet and La Laupie

northeast of the city.
The 1st Airborne Task Force and 1st Special

Service Force continued to guard the 7th Army's right flank from any

German attack from Italy and reduced German forces in the Maritime Alps

along the Italian Border--liberating the French Riviera cities of

Cannes, Nice and Grasse.
The 19th Army continued its withdrawal towards Lyon, seeking to

establish a coherent defensive line to oppose 7th Army's rapid advance,

which drove first towards Lyon and then shifted its axis to Dijon.
The

7th Army liberated Lyon on 3 September and continued to press northeast

to reach the Belfort Gap, the traditional approach to the Rhine River

Valley.
The 3rd Infantry Division liberated Besancon on 7 September

after a tough 3-day fight.
The speed of the 7th Army advance prevented

the 19th Army's anchoring its defense on Dijon, it therefore withdrew

towards the base of the Vosges Mountains.
Approaching the Vosges, the

Vlth Corps' three divisions faced stiffening German resistance.
The 3rd

Infantry Division liberated Vesoul on 12 September and by 14 September

the Corps' three divisions were positioned near the towns of

Fougerolles, Luxeuil, Lure, and Villersexel.
French forces made contact

with elements of the 3rd Army near Dijon on 11 September.
With this

juncture of 3rd and 7th Army forces the Southern France Campaign came

to an end.
The 6th Army Group was activated on 15 September and

transferred from the Mediterranean Theater to GEN Eisenhower's European

Theater of Operations.
French forces under 7th Army control were re-

designated the 1st French Army and became a separate command under 6th

Army Group control.
Under the aggressive leadership of LTG Patch, MG Truscott, and

General Delattre de Tassigny U.S. and Allied forces of the 6th Army

Group and its supporting air and naval support severely damaged the

German 19th Army and during the 30-day Southern France Campaign moved

over 400 miles from the landing beaches in Provence to link up with

General Eisenhower's forces fighting their way from Normandy on 11

September 1944.