As a stalwart advocate for

economic development, Sherman has dedicated over 20 years to enhancing

the prosperity of the city.
His leadership as the Assistant Director

and later as the Executive Director of the Aurora Economic Development

Commission was marked by key initiatives, such as the successful

opening of the Hollywood Casino and the establishment of the Chicago

Premium Outlet Mall.
These milestones not only raised Aurora's profile,

but also significantly contributed to the local economy.
In addition to his professional achievements, Sherman's commitment to

community engagement is unparalleled.
Even after his retirement in

2012, he remained an active force within the city, serving as an

alderman at-large for six years, participating in community events, and

driving initiatives that foster collaboration and growth.
Moreover, Sherman's passion for community service extends beyond his

professional endeavors.
As a founding member of the Quad County African

American Chamber of Commerce, he has played a pivotal role in

advocating for the African American business community and ensuring

that their voices are heard.
His involvement with various organizations, including the Rotary Club

of Aurora, the Aurora Public Library Foundation, the Ely Chapter of

Lambda Alpha International, and the Northern Lights Development

Corporation, exemplify his commitment to civic duty and community well-

being.
As he embarks on the next chapter of his life, we celebrate his

legacy and the indelible mark he has left on the city.
We look forward

to seeing his contributions continue to inspire future generations

through his digital media company, SLJ Communications, Inc., through

which he produces the ``Tell Me Something Good'' monthly publication

that covers African American life outside the City of Chicago, and

authored Ted Strong, Jr.: The Untold Story of an Original Harlem

Globetrotter and Negro Leagues All-Star.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to celebrate the legacy of Sherman L. Jenkins

and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing him well in all his future

pursuits as he enjoys time with his wife, Juliette, his 3 adult

children, and his 3 grandchildren, Jai, Makayla, and Xavier.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SACRIFICE OF AIR FORCE 1ST LT.
RAYMOND T. PLEVYAK

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

sacrifice of Air Force 1st Lt.
Raymond T. Plevyak, who will be honored

with a Memorial Headstone Marker Service at Arlington National

Cemetery.
Air Force 1st Lt.
Plevyak was a distinguished F-51D Mustang pilot who

went missing in action during the Korean War in 1952.
Though he was declared Killed in Action (KIA) in December of 1953,

his bravery and commitment to his country remain deeply honored.
Plevyak entered the U.S. Air Force from Pennsylvania and was assigned

to the 67th Fighter-Bomber squadron, 18th Fighter-Bomber Wing.
On March 1, 1952, he departed Hoengsong Air Base in Korea, piloting

an F-51D Mustang with the call sign ``Topkick Fox Three.''
After completing its primary mission of targeting rail lines, the

``Topkick Fox'' flight of four took fire on its secondary

reconnaissance mission, resulting in damage to the lead aircraft.
It was during this mission that 1st Lt.
Plevyak went missing.
Despite extensive searches by his fellow pilots, he was never found

and remains unaccounted for.
Plevyak's name is memorialized on the Courts of the Missing at the

National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific and on the Korean War

Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C.

Along with other medals and citations, he is a Purple Heart

recipient.
Today, we honor his memory and the extraordinary sacrifice

he made in service to our Nation.
We must always recognize and honor the service members that made the

ultimate sacrifice, like 1st Lt.
Plevyak.
We thank him and his family

for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TRAVIS JORDAN PAMENI AND OWEN JAMES ELLIOTT

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.