A born fighter,

Joe picked up boxing at a young age, facing the world without fear.
He

embodied this spirit in every aspect of his life, and following the

attack on Pearl Harbor, decided without hesitation to serve his

country.
Remarkably, Joe was still only 17, meaning he had to forge his

parents' signatures to join the United States Marine Corps.
Joe began

Boot Camp at Camp Lejeune, but his training was cut short after his

father found him and made him come home.
Unfettered in his mission, Joe

re-enlisted 6 months later when he turned 18.
He went back to Camp

Lejeune and completed boot camp.
Joe excelled in the Marines--his

lifelong love of fighting served him well in the Marines.
Growing up

boxing taught him to never back down from a fight, a lesson he carried

boldly throughout his time in active duty.
At the start of his service, Joe was sent aboard a ship originally

headed for Guadalcanal.
However, the ship was redirected to the Panama

Canal out of fear of an Axis attack on the horizon.
While in Panama,

Joe was stationed on watch duty, where he had a remarkably close

encounter during a Japanese ambush.
This ambush killed a Marine who was

on his previous post, a solemn reminder of the danger constantly

lurking in the seas.
After Panama, Joe was sent to Texas.
Once a few

years passed, he once again boarded a ship to go to Guadalcanal, but

was suddenly redirected back to Panama, on the same track as his first

ship years before.
Joe stayed in Panama for about another year, serving

his country honorably.
Despite the discipline and service Joe embodied

daily, he never lost his youthful spirit from his days in South Philly.
Joe remembers how in Marine Corps, his Sergeant would catch him

shooting dice and make him clean the entire barracks with a toothbrush.
Upon returning home to South Philadelphia, Joe worked as a presser in

a tailor shop, relishing trips to Atlantic City and attending weekly

dances with friends.
It was at one of these dances that he met his

wife, with whom he raised two daughters and a son.
His family faced

hardships, including the early passing of his son and daughter.
Joe is

currently survived by his daughter Paula.
He worked in the garment manufacturing industry for many years.
He

also worked selling beer at the Phillies games and worked as a waiter

at night.
He loves Phillies sports, especially baseball and football.
He enjoys trips to Atlantic City to play craps, and he loves to gamble

(for better or worse).
He also loves the classic crooners, with the

greats like Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Nat King Cole constantly on

play.
I remain deeply appreciative to Joe DeMarco for his life of service

and sacrifice for our community, district, and country.
His commitment

to his fellow neighbors, veterans, and service members alike is a

testament to his character and spirit.
I am more than honored to

recognize him today and wish him nothing but the best for his 100th

birthday and the future beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO FAIRFAX HIGH SCHOOL'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fairfax High

School in Los Angeles, California upon its 100th Anniversary.
Fairfax High School first opened its doors in 1924, welcoming

students onto its campus.
It was named after Lord Fairfax, an inspiring

mentor and friend to future U.S. President George Washington.
The

school's first Principal was Rae G. Van Cleve, who served until 1938.
Originally designed as an agricultural and mechanical school that

taught ``practical'' skills, programs on the 28-acre campus included

architecture, forestry, agronomy, and landscaping gardening, as

students in that area lived in what was then a largely rural part of

Los Angeles.