She serves on the

Sahuarita Teen Advisory Board, where she organizes events and programs

for local teens.
She also volunteers with the Animal League of Green Valley, sharing

her lifelong love of animals.
As for her future, Kimberly aspires to pursue a career that combines

her passions for science and art.
I am excited to see what the future holds for Kimberly and

congratulate her on this incredible achievement.
I am proud to represent her and so many other bright students in

Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LUPITA MURILLO ON HER WELL-

DESERVED RETIREMENT

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Lupita

Murillo on her well-deserved retirement after nearly five decades of

dedicated service with KVOA News 4 in Tucson.
During her time at KVOA, Lupita's specialized crime reporting made a

significant impact on the Tucson community.
Her remarkable career began in Weslaco, Texas, where she broke

barriers as south Texas' first Hispanic female broadcaster.
Beyond her journalistic accomplishments, Lupita has been a tireless

advocate and volunteer for organizations such as Las Familias, the

People With AIDS Coalition of Tucson, and the Children's Miracle

Network Telethon.
Lupita will be missed, but her lasting impact on KVOA will continue

to inspire future generations of journalists and community advocates

throughout southern Arizona.
I am proud to represent trailblazers like Lupita in my district.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CONRAD SHIPYARD ON THE DELIVERY OF THE FIRST NEW CLASS YRBM

VESSEL TO THE U.S. NAVY

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Conrad

Shipyard for its delivery of the first new class Yard, Repair,

Berthing, and Messing (YRBM) vessel to the U.S. Navy.
Conrad Shipyard has a legacy of quality and safety in providing

premier vessels to the U.S. government and commercial enterprise.
The

new class of YRBM vessels are needed to modernize the living and

housing conditions for thousands of Navy personnel.
These vessels will

provide a temporary home for our service men and women whose other

vessels are in port for repair and maintenance.
I have had the privilege of touring Conrad Shipyard in Morgan City,

Louisiana and seeing firsthand the finished product of a dedicated,

skilled workforce.
The work being done at Conrad and shipyards in South

Louisiana drives economic growth, brings jobs and prosperity to our

community, and provides our Armed Forces with the necessary tools to

secure America.
The new class of YRBM barge craft are essential to the modernization

effort led by the U.S. Navy.
We should all celebrate Conrad Shipyard's

delivery of the first new class YRBM vessel to the U.S. Navy, on track

and on schedule, and the work they continue to accomplish for the

betterment of the U.S. military.
On behalf of Louisiana's 3rd District, I congratulate Conrad Shipyard

on this momentous achievement.
I am grateful to the skilled workforce

at Conrad for making this possible and thank them for the vital part

they play in bolstering our defense maritime industrial base.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHERMAN L. JENKINS' IMPACT ON THE CITY OF AURORA

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to honor Sherman L. Jenkins for

his exceptional contributions to our community, particularly through

his work with the Quad County African American Chamber of Commerce and

his extensive service to the City of Aurora.
As a stalwart advocate for

economic development, Sherman has dedicated over 20 years to enhancing

the prosperity of the city.
His leadership as the Assistant Director

and later as the Executive Director of the Aurora Economic Development

Commission was marked by key initiatives, such as the successful

opening of the Hollywood Casino and the establishment of the Chicago

Premium Outlet Mall.
These milestones not only raised Aurora's profile,

but also significantly contributed to the local economy.