Operation Dragoon began on 15 August 1944 and the subsequent Southern

France Campaign lasted until 14 September 1944.
The 7th U.S. Army under

Lieutenant General Alexander M. Patch, commanded the VIth U.S. Corps

under Major General Lucian K. Truscott, II, comprised of three of the

Army's most combat-experienced divisions--the 3rd Infantry Division

commanded by Major General John Wilson ``Iron Mike'' O'Daniel, the 36th

Infantry Division commanded by Major General John E. Dahlquist, and the

45th Infantry Division commanded by Major General William W. Eagles,

and Corps troops; the 1st Airborne Task Force commanded by Brigadier

General Robert T. Frederick, the Canadian-American 1st Special Service

Force commanded by Colonel Edwin A. Walker, and French Army B, later to

be renamed the 1st French Army, commanded by General Jean de Lattre de

Tassigny.
Office of Strategic Services (OSS) teams were inserted in the

months to link up with French Forces of the Interior (FFI, of the

Resistance) prior to prepare for the invasion.
The landing forces were

ably supported by the Mediterranean Allied Air Force under Lieutenant

General Ira C. Eaker and the Western Naval Task Force under Vice

Admiral Henry K. Hewitt, conducted the second largest amphibious

landing in Europe on 15 August 1944.
The primary objective of Operation Dragoon was to threaten the

southern flank of Nazi forces fighting in northern France.
Further

objectives were the seizing of the ports of Toulon and Marseille to

provide critical logistical support for Allied forces fighting in the

whole of France, the introduction of French forces into France, and the

stationing of Allied Air Forces in Southern France, to better support

combat operations.
Allied military personnel from France, the United Kingdom, the

Netherlands, Canada, Greece, and Poland participated in Operation

Dragoon and provided critical air and naval support to open the second

front in Southern France.
885 ships and landing craft, carrying nearly

1,375 smaller landing craft, with their crews, carried 151,000 troops,

21,400 trucks, tanks, tank destroyers, prime-movers, bulldozers,

tractors and other vehicles to the beaches.
Included were 40,850 French

personnel and 2,610 vehicles of the 1st French Army.
444 aircraft

sorties and 408 glider sorties delivered 6,488 paratroopers, 2,611

glider troops, 213 pieces of artillery, and 221 vehicles to the target

area.
The 1st Airborne Task Force successfully landed near Le Muy, La

Motte, and Les Arcs causing serious disarray in German command channels

which prevented a rapid coordinated response to the main force

landings.
Draguignan fell on 16 August.
The 1st Special Service Force

cleared the offshore islands of Port Cros and Levant to secure the

southern flank of the assault.
Landing on the morning of 15 August all

units successfully overwhelmed German defense and expanded the

beachhead.
The 3rd Infantry Division cleared the St. Tropez Peninsula,

liberating the villages of St. Tropez and Cogolin after landing at

Ramatuelle, La Croix-Valmer, and Cavalaire-sur-Mer.
The 45th Infantry

Division liberated Sainte Maxine and the 36th Infantry Division

liberated St. Raphael.
Fighting through the Maures and Esterel hill

masses all units reached the Blue Line, the point where the beachhead

could no longer be threatened by enemy counterattack.
On 17 August the

Truscott's VIth Corps launched its aggressive pursuit of German forces

and through the speed of its advance prevented the establishment of

defensive positions east of the Rhone Valley.
The Corps' Task Force

Butler, following the historic Route Napoleon through the Maritime

Alps, the 36th Infantry Division, and 45th Infantry Division rapidly

moved north in an effort to flank and trap the German 19th Army

withdrawing up the Rhone Valley with the 45th Infantry Division

liberating Barjols and clearing the Valensole Plateau, TF Butler and

the 36th Infantry Division liberating Sisteron, Gap, and Grenoble.