He always engaged in friendly conversations with

travelers, bringing a smile to passengers' days.
After a long and

successful career, Mr. Watts entered a well-deserved retirement in

1999.
Beyond his professional accomplishments, Mr. Watts is deeply

committed to his faith.
As a lifelong member of the Pilgrim Baptist

Church, Mr. Watts is a cherished friend and mentor to all who attend

the church.
Today, Mr. Watts is a devoted and loving husband, father, and

brother.
He continues to be an inspiration to all who know him, sharing

his compassion and dedication to serving others.
Please join me in

celebrating Mr. Robert Watts on his 90th birthday and thanking him for

his service to our country and to our Buffalo community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DEA TUCSON OFFICE FOR BEING RECOGNIZED AT THE U.S.

INTERDICTION COORDINATOR AWARDS

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate

the DEA's Tucson District Office EG-46 for their recognition at the

U.S. Interdiction Coordinator Awards.
Strengthening border security and immigration enforcement, while

ensuring public safety, is a must for our border communities.
These brave men and women put their lives on the line for us every

day, serving on the frontline and ensuring the safety of our

communities.
Their hard work and dedication are vital in combating cartels,

stopping the flow of drugs, and protecting the citizens of southern

Arizona.
In 2023, the Tucson District Office EG-46 conducted 45 drug and drug

conspiracy investigations.
One of their major efforts was the DEA Initiative ``Operation

Overdrive'' in April 2023, during which this dedicated group arrested

approximately 80 percent of their identified targets.
They seized 1.1 million fentanyl pills, 26.4 pounds of fentanyl

powder, and 42 pounds of methamphetamine--equating to 4.26 million

deadly doses of fentanyl and 78,000 deadly doses of methamphetamine.
I am truly grateful for the relentless efforts and their commitment

to protecting our community.
I thank them for their service and dedication to protecting our

Arizona's District 6.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING JAMES W. THOMPSON

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize James

W. Thompson for his record-breaking catch.
A native of St. Simons, 21-

year-old James set a new state record for an almaco jack caught on July

28th.
Measuring in at a whopping 27 pounds and 8 ounces, it broke the

previous record by 4 pounds.
This is no small feat.
The almaco jack is

known for its strength and stamina, humbling anglers who do not take it

seriously.
With this catch, James proved that he is a skilled

fisherman.
This is the third time in the past year alone that the record for

almaco jack has been broken.
It is a reminder that Georgia's coastal

waters provide exceptional fishing for anglers of all ages.
It's important that we maintain the health and biodiversity of

Georgia's waters, so that our children and grandchildren can enjoy one

of our states' favorite pastimes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING KIMBERLY ALLEN WHO RECEIVED THE PERFECT ACT SCORE

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kimberly

Allen, a Sahuarita High School student, who scored a perfect 36 on the

ACT exam.
With this achievement, Kimberly joined a select group, as only 0.18

percent of test takers achieved a perfect score in 2023.
This means that, out of nearly two million students, just 2,543

students in the country earned this honor.
Kimberly's achievements go beyond academics.
She serves on the

Sahuarita Teen Advisory Board, where she organizes events and programs

for local teens.
She also volunteers with the Animal League of Green Valley, sharing

her lifelong love of animals.
As for her future, Kimberly aspires to pursue a career that combines

her passions for science and art.