For his exemplary work, Bill's signature Lone Star brand won

Convenience Store of the Year twice.
He was also recognized as an

Employer of the Year by the Chamber of Commerce and the Texas Workforce

Commission.
In 2008, Bill was inducted into the Convenience Store Hall

of Fame.
Currently, he is the Chairman of the Texoma Medical Center's

Board of Trustees and is a board member at Austin College, where he

received an honorary Ph.D. for his contributions to the Sherman

community.
I am proud of the work Bill has accomplished to innovate the

next generation of convenience stores and improve the world around us.
It is an honor to bestow Bill with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation and the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
TIMOTHY C. TENNENT

_____

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, as the former Co-Chair of the National

Prayer Breakfast, I rise to give thanks and a heartfelt tribute to Dr.

Timothy C. Tennent for fifteen years of faithful and outstanding

leadership as the President of Asbury Theological Seminary in Kentucky.
A true man of God with a brilliant mind for ministry and a warm heart

for missions, Dr. Tennent will conclude his remarkable presidency this

June, as he and his wife, Julie, follow God's next calling into global

ministry and scholarship.
Under President Tennent's Spirit-inspired leadership.
Asbury

Theological Seminary has grown tremendously in size, spiritual stature,

and scholarship, dramatically expanding its programs and impacts around

the nation and world for the sake of the Gospel.
Today it is generally

recognized as the largest and leading Seminary in the evangelical

Wesleyan-Arminian theological tradition.
President Tennent's vision has

led to many innovative new programs focused on global ministry and

church planting and to impressive growth in financial support from

donors.
Many pastors and spiritual leaders in my state of Michigan are

grateful graduates of Asbury Seminary.
In my district, Spring Arbor

University has a close association with Asbury Seminary, as sister

institutions affiliated with the evangelical holiness wing of

Methodism.
In my prior work as a minister and Christian college

administrator, I came to deeply respect Asbury Seminary.
President Tennent has been a courageous and eloquent advocate for

Biblical truth, faithfulness, and theological orthodoxy in his

presidential leadership, public speaking and

preaching, and authorship of many books.
He is widely recognized as one

of the Nation's top evangelical theological leaders.
The Apostle John

described Christ as the ``Word'' who came to us ``full of grace and

truth,'' a model to which Christians aspire.
Dr. Tennent has faithfully

proclaimed Biblical truth with grace, warmth, and humility in his

leadership and life.
congratulating Dr. Timothy Tennent as he concludes his outstanding

presidency at Asbury Theological Seminary and in expressing blessings

as he and his wife, Julie, enter their next phase of service.
I believe

the Lord's words in the book of Matthew truly apply to them: ``Well

done, thou good and faithful servants.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARGARET SPALLUZZI

_____

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Margaret

Spalluzzi and her fellow Rosie the Riveters as they are awarded the

Rosie the Riveter Congressional Gold Medal.
Born on November 2, 1921, Margaret was raised in Plymouth,

Massachusetts.
After reading an ad in the newspaper calling for women

to fill jobs that men left behind while fighting in World War II,

Margaret dared 10 of her friends to come with her to sign up to be

welders.
After completing their training in Quincy, six of the women

stayed on as welders at the Hingham Shipyard.
One of the original Rosie

the Riveters, Margaret, joined the war effort welding warships from

1942 until the war ended in 1945.
During the war, around 2,500 women worked at the Hingham Shipyard

where they built hundreds of ships.