After completing their training in Quincy, six of the women

stayed on as welders at the Hingham Shipyard.
One of the original Rosie

the Riveters, Margaret, joined the war effort welding warships from

1942 until the war ended in 1945.
During the war, around 2,500 women worked at the Hingham Shipyard

where they built hundreds of ships.
Security at the shipyard was tight,

and workers were told not to share any information about what they were

doing.
The working conditions could also be very tough.
Working in a

room with no heat.
Margaret had to wear steel toe boots and flannel

pajamas under her heavy work clothes just to stay warm during the cold

New England winters.
However, Margaret was proud to go into work and

help her country while her brothers were serving in the military and

her husband, Antone ``Tony,'' was serving in the Navy as an

electrician.
Her shift at the shipyard was from 7:00 am to 3:00 pm, but

Margaret often worked overtime and seven days a week.
With her first

paycheck from welding, Margaret bought her mother a radio.
After the war, when her husband came back to Massachusetts, Margaret

and Tony raised their daughter, Annette, together in the home that Tony

built in Kingston.
Margaret later went on to work at Plimoth Patuxet

for 32 years as a costumed interpreter and then a greeter, until she

retired at 80.
In retirement, Margaret enjoys spending time with her

grandchildren and great-grandchildren and visiting the Kingston Senior

Center to take classes and meet up with friends.
On April 10, 2024, Congress will award the Rosie the Riveter

Congressional Gold Medal, which will then be displayed at the National

Museum of American History.
This medal is to recognize the

contributions of all the women who served our country during World War

II as Rosie the Riveters and the inspiration that they provided for

future generations.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Margaret Spalluzzi, and I ask that

my colleagues join me in celebrating Margaret and her fellow Rosie the

Riveters for all the critical work they did to support our country

during the war.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 116TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE UNITED STATES

ARMY RESERVE

_____

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

116th anniversary of the founding of the United States Army Reserve.
For over a century, generations of Americans have served their

country in the reserve, leveraging a wide array of skills, educational

backgrounds, and expertise to respond to crises across the country, and

the globe.
In cities and towns across the country, the Army Reserve has

always been composed of brave, strong, purposeful men and women with

great passions, talents, and abilities.
Since the creation of the Federal Reserve Force in 1908, the Reserve

Corps has been ready to serve at a moment's notice, mobilizing more

than one million Army Reserve servicemembers in defense of our country.
Through two World Wars, the Cold War, Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, and

the Global War on Terror, our brave reserve soldiers have served

through crises, emergencies, and natural disasters, making positive

impacts on people's lives around the globe.
Year after year, the Army Reserve continues to prove critical to our

nation's national security apparatus by harnessing civilian expertise

across professions like artificial intelligence, medicine, and

engineering, among so many others.
There are more than 190,000 Army

Reserve Soldiers and 11,000 civilians are currently stationed across

all 50 States and 23 countries across the globe.
Right here in New

Jersey we are proud to have 4,000 soldiers and 68 units contributing to

their forward-positioned force.
Their service to our country and our

great state is invaluable to the readiness and capability of our Joint

Forces, and the safety of our communities.