There are more than 190,000 Army

Reserve Soldiers and 11,000 civilians are currently stationed across

all 50 States and 23 countries across the globe.
Right here in New

Jersey we are proud to have 4,000 soldiers and 68 units contributing to

their forward-positioned force.
Their service to our country and our

great state is invaluable to the readiness and capability of our Joint

Forces, and the safety of our communities.
This force begins their next 116 years of service as one of the most

experienced outfits in American history, and I am grateful for the

service of each and every one of them.
I look forward to continuing to

support Army Reserve servicemembers in achieving their mission of--

ready now, shaping tomorrow.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 488TH INTELLIGENCE SQUADRON'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

anniversary of the 488th Intelligence Squadron at RAF Mildenhall.
Through 50 years of peace and conflict, the ``Bats'' of the 488th

have delivered time-sensitive intelligence to warfighters and

decisionmakers through their superb execution of RC-135 intelligence

operations, and in recent years have participated in such Operations as

Atlantic Resolve, Inherent Resolve, and more.
The Bats represent the

cutting-edge of U.S. intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance

efforts in the EUCOM theater of operations, driving allied

interoperability with the United Kingdom's RC-135 program, leading

analytic integration efforts with new NATO countries, and ultimately

rising to the occasion following Russia's invasion of Ukraine,

providing critical intelligence and overwatch for senior United States

diplomatic and defense leaders.
I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking the ``Bats'' for their

dedication and selfless service to keep our country safe, and to

congratulate them on this monumental anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WILLIAM DWYER

_____

HON.
JOHN JAMES

Mr. JAMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and say thank you to

Warren Police Commissioner William Dwyer for serving Southeast Michigan

for over 60 years throughout his career in law enforcement.
His career spans the Detroit Police Department, the Farmington Hills

Police Department, and the Warren Police Department.
Day after day and year after year, Commissioner Dwyer consistently

went above and beyond the call of duty.
He received the Presidential

Medal from the Michigan Association of Chiefs of Police, the Collegian

Award from Wayne State University, and the Crime Stoppers of Michigan

Police Executive of the Year award in 2010.
He served on the International Association of Chiefs of Police,

Michigan Association of Chiefs of Police, Oakland County Chief's

Association, Southeastern Michigan Chiefs of Police Association, High-

Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, Federal Anti-Terrorism Task Force, and

the Michigan Homeland Security Council, just to name a few.
Even while receiving all these awards, he still found time to turn

Warren, Michigan into one of the safest cities in the entire state.
Commissioner Dwyer is the exact, literal definition of what it means

to be a public servant.
On behalf of all of Michigan's 10th

Congressional District, I thank him for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.