2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine AI, focusing on

election deepfakes.
APRIL 17

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy and

National Nuclear Security Administration atomic energy

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher

T. Hanson, of Michigan, to be a Member of the Nuclear

Regulatory Commission.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's 2024 trade

policy agenda.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine modernizing United States

alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Colleen

Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, and Anne Marie Wagner, of

Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Labor

Relations Authority, and David Huitema, of Maryland, to

be Director of the Office of Government Ethics.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety

culture, focusing on firsthand accounts.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2024 for the Department

of Justice.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 465, to require Federal

law enforcement agencies to report on cases of missing

or murdered Indians, and S. 2695, to amend the Indian

Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements

in public safety services to Indian communities.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense's

efforts to ensure servicemembers' access to safe, high-

quality pharmaceuticals.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine pending legislation.
4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review

2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
APRIL 18

10 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Homeland Security, focusing on resources and

authorities requested to protect and secure the

homeland.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE NATIONAL CHAMPION USC WOMEN'S BASKETBALL TEAM

_____

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the 2024

NCAA Women's National Basketball Champions, the University of South

Carolina WBB Gamecocks.
In a tremendous demonstration of skill,

teamwork, and depth, the Gamecocks clinched their third national title

on April 7, 2024, after a perfect season.
The road to the championship was far from easy.
The Gamecocks

embarked on a season unlike any other, achieving 38 consecutive wins.
Pre-NCAA tournament victories included a highly competitive match-up

against reigning champions Louisiana State University and a nail-biter

against the University of Tennessee.
During the NCAA tournament, the

Gamecocks beat No.
15 seed in-state neighbor Presbyterian College; No.
8 seed University of North Carolina; No.
4 seed Indiana University; No.
3 seed Oregon State University; No.
3 seed NC State University; and No.