357, recognizing the formation of the Alliance for

Development in Democracy and urging the United States

to pursue deeper ties with its member countries, S.

Res.
385, calling for the immediate release of Evan

Gershkovich, a United States citizen and journalist,

who was wrongfully detained by the Government of the

Russian Federation in March 2023, S. Con.
Res.
18,

calling for the immediate release of Marc Fogel, a

United States citizen and teacher, who was given an

unjust and disproportionate criminal sentence by the

Government of the Russian Federation in June 2022, and

the nominations of Stephanie Sanders Sullivan, of

Maryland, to be Representative of the United States of

America to the African Union, with the rank and status

of Ambassador, Pamela M. Tremont, of Virginia, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Elizabeth Rood,

of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to Turkmenistan,

Richard H. Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to

the Federal Republic of Somalia, David J. Kostelancik,

of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Albania, Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia, Stephan A.

Lang, of Virginia, to be U.S. Coordinator for

International Communications and Information Policy,

with the rank of Ambassador, Jennifer M. Adams, of

Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cabo

Verde, Courtney Diesel O'Donnell, of California, to be

United States Permanent Representative to the United

Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural

Organization, with the rank of Ambassador, Dorothy

Camille Shea, of North Carolina, to be Deputy

Representative of the United States of America to the

United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador

and the Deputy Representative of the United States of

America in the Security Council of the United Nations,

and to be Representative of the United States of

America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the

United Nations, during her tenure of service as Deputy

Representative of the United States of America to the

United Nations, Dafna Hochman Rand, of Maryland, to be

Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and

Labor, Arthur W. Brown, of Pennsylvania, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Ecuador, Richard Mills,

Jr., of Georgia, to be Ambassador to the Federal

Republic of Nigeria, and Mark Toner, of Pennsylvania,

to be Ambassador to the Republic of Liberia, all of the

Department of State, Andrew William Plitt, of Maryland,

to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States

Agency for International Development, Richard L.A.

Weiner, of the District of Columbia, to be United

States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction

and Development, Elizabeth Shortino, of the District of

Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the

International Monetary Fund, routine lists in the

Foreign Service, and other pending calendar business.
S-116

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States

Postal Service.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine eliminating the abuse of

solitary confinement, focusing on a legacy of harm.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine the long-term care workforce,

focusing on addressing shortages and improving the

profession.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Internal

Revenue Service and the Internal Revenue Service 2024

filing season.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine AI, focusing on

election deepfakes.
APRIL 17

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy and

National Nuclear Security Administration atomic energy

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher

T. Hanson, of Michigan, to be a Member of the Nuclear

Regulatory Commission.