In his efforts to support the Joint Deployment and Distribution

Enterprise, Mr. Busler spearheaded operational analysis and decision-

making initiatives through harnessing the power of data for the Joint

Force.
These efforts through the Enterprise Data Science initiative

enhanced modeling and simulation capabilities to garner effectiveness,

efficiency, and synchronization globally.
Bruce is a strategic thinker who can convey complex concepts into

readily understood terms for senior leaders to forge consensus for

action while also leading a diverse organization across multiple

commands.
His executive leadership can be distilled down as a visionary

data architect leveraging ``big data'' analysis to persuasively advance

mobility capability needs in a collaborative manner to meet national

requirements for global transportation with high-impact results.
Bruce's accomplishments are countless, but for the Congress, he led

both the 2018 and 2020 NDAA directed mobility studies evaluating the

capabilities critical to deploying and sustaining U.S. military forces

at optimal levels.
Throughout these efforts, he meticulously mapped out

the requirements needed to deploy, and redeploy our military and

requirements for a prolonged recapitalization effort to revitalize an

aging sealift fleet in support of our National Defense.
Additionally,

he linked critical wartime patient movement operations into an end-to-

end airlift cycle ensuring Critical Care Air Transport Teams were

available when needed to treat our most precious assets, our military

personnel and their families.
Bruce also delivered a first-of-its-kind

fuel assessment study focusing on the fuel distribution challenges

within the Indo-Pacific region.
Finally, for only the third time in its

history, based on Bruce's predictive analytics and

modeling, in 2021 U.S. Transportation Command activated the Civil

Reserve Air Fleet to augment the Afghan refugee evacuation, the largest

non-combatant evacuation operation in U.S. history rescuing 124,000

refugees in just 14 days.
In addition to his 27 honorable years served in the Air Force as a

colonel and command pilot with over 3,800 flight hours, Bruce set the

standard for mastery of the Defense Transportation System.
His ability

to deploy data to anticipate the changing strategic environment while

grappling with resource priorities has been key to identifying and

resolving mobility enterprise challenges.
Bruce is a true leader in

transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thanking Mr. Bruce

Busler for over 41 years of dedicated and faithful service to our great

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT WILLIAM DOUGLASS

_____

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. William

``Bill'' Douglass of Sherman, Texas, and present him with the

Congressional Patriot Award.
Bill is a distinguished American who has

faithfully served our community and country.
A native of Pennsylvania, Bill graduated from Muhlenberg College in

1958 as a Dean's List Scholar.
He later joined the United States Marine

Corps and Army, serving as a First Lieutenant specializing in Combat

Intelligence.
Afterwards, Bill began his career in the oil industry as

part of ExxonMobil's Sales team and

quickly worked his way up to become one of their Senior Advisors.
It

was during this time that his entrepreneurial spirit pushed him to

pursue his very own path in the oil distribution business.
In the early

1980s, Bill left Exxon and purchased a petroleum distribution company

in Sherman, now known as Douglass Distributing.
Douglass Distributing

employs over 400 individuals across North Texas whose establishments

include gas stations, Lone Star convenience stores, and fast-food

franchises.
If you drive through North Texas.
you'll likely stop at one

of the many stores owned by Bill.
For his exemplary work, Bill's signature Lone Star brand won

Convenience Store of the Year twice.
He was also recognized as an

Employer of the Year by the Chamber of Commerce and the Texas Workforce

Commission.
In 2008, Bill was inducted into the Convenience Store Hall

of Fame.