Tom left his job with PG&E and established Thomas Welding in his

garage in Chico in 1972.
Thomas Hydraulics followed in 1974 as well as

Thomas Manufacturing in 1996.
What was once Tom's small business idea

now stands as one of the largest machine shops north of Sacramento.
Tom served the Chico community with excellence, teaching and

mentoring many and never hesitated to share his time and knowledge with

those he encountered.
His encouragement and support of welding and

agriculture programs in local high schools has impacted countless

students in our local community.
He was a true engineer as well as a builder; taking on many projects,

which included innovating and developing agricultural equipment.
Throughout the years Tom enjoyed vacations with friends, and

attending classic car, boat, and air shows.
Most recently he looked

forward to his weekly visits to Hotel Diamond for coffee, lunch bunch,

and tea at three.
Tom also enjoyed spending time at Lake Almanor and

hosted an annual 4th of July celebration for 19 years.
His love for the community of Chico drove Tom to be a faithful

supporter of the Boys and Girls Club as well as the Salvation Army and

additionally many other community organizations.
Tom was also a 35-year

member of Chico Rotary, as well as a Chico Elks Lodge member for 53

years.
Tom will be missed not only by his family and friends but also by the

greater Chico community who benefitted from his benevolence.
Many

projects and endeavors were accomplished with Tom's silent

participation both financially and with hours of hard work.
He was a

true public servant.
We forever will be grateful for the legacy he has

left.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

_____

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War

veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on April 10, 2024, with Honor

Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWll, Vietnam, and Korean War

veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on the National Mall

in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their courage

and service to their country.
The American veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

April 10 answered our nation's call to service during one of its

greatest times of need.
From the Pacific-Asian Theater to the Korean

Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and

sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe

them more gratitude that can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women

for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to

rise and join me in expressing gratitude:

Robert M. Adame, James W. Andrulewicz, John L. Ashford, James M.

Barr, Jr., Mary Ann E. Bell, James E. Blaney, Ralph H. Boase, Robert L.

Booker, Thomas P. Cantwell, Edward J. Chuchla, Alan L. Clutter, Robert

J. Colbert, John A. Conley, Donna Rae Cooley, Robert J. Crimmins,

Thomas F. Dailey, Henry Davis, Jr., Joseph N. Degand, Michael Di

Benedetto, Balentin Diaz, Manuel Diesman, Raymond A. Dubiel, James W.

Edmonds, Jr., Raymond P. Eenigenburg, Darrell E. Ellett, Robert J.

Feliszak, Ramon J. Flores, David Flowers, Francis A. Gagnon, Ronald F.

Galvin, Albert P. Gangolf, Ronald E. Garner, Edward N. Garvey, Harold

C. Goebbert, Richard D. Goode, Kenneth R. Goodwin, Craig S. Greenhill,

Leland A. Groharing, Robert Gutierrez, Rufus G. Hall, Leon F. Hamm,

Lynwood A. Harris, William F. Hayes, Chris L. Holden, Clarence R.

Izydorski, William G. Jarchow, Leon Jeffries, Joseph D. Johnston,

Michael O. Jones, Maurice E. Kaufman, Sr.,
Daryl B. Keene, Lawrence J.

Killmer.
Bruce O. Knudson, Andrew C. Koning, Sr.,