4 seed Indiana University; No.
3 seed Oregon State University; No.
3 seed NC State University; and No.
1 seed University of Iowa.
The championship game was the first time the Gamecocks and Hawkeyes

met since Iowa, led by their star point guard Caitlin Clark, defeated

South Carolina in the 2023 NCAA Final Four.
This time, teamplay

defeated individual performance.
The Gamecocks had four players in

double figures, led by Tessa Johnson with 19 points; Kamilla Cardoso

with 15 points and 17 rebounds; Te-Hina Paopao with 14 points; and

Chloe Kitts with 11 points and 10 rebounds.
South Carolina guards Raven

Johnson and Bree Hall's defensive contributions slowed down Clark, who

was fresh off a 41-point victory, two days earlier.
South Carolina's success can be attributed to the contributions of

the Gamecock bench, which outscored Iowa's bench 37-0.
Their 37 of

South Carolina's 87 points in the Championship game gave the sports

world an appropriate understanding of our Nation's motto, E Pluribus

Unum (out of many, one).
This victory is a testament to Coach Dawn Staley's leadership skills.
Her dedication to developing young talent and ability to create a

culture of excellence were rewarded handsomely.
After last year's Final

Four defeat, all five South Carolina starters--one of which was an All-

American and another the future No.
1 pick in the WNBA draft--departed

the team.
All for various and good reasons.
Despite receiving an Associated Press Top 25 preseason ranking of No.
6, the 8-time SEC Champions quickly rose to No.
1.
Their unwavering

dedication, offensive prowess, and defensive tenacity left opponents at

a loss.
From each opening tip to the final buzzer, this South Carolina

team were models of resilience and determination, with their relentless

spirit propelling them to this ultimate triumph.
Coach Staley, who I am proud to call a friend, led a team that lost

all five of last year's starters.
She recruited and assembled some

remarkable and talented young women and built them into an outstanding

team.
Their starting line-up consisted of No.
10 Kamilla Cardoso,

senior and starting center from Montes Claros, Brazil; No.
0 Te-Hina

Paopao, senior and starting guard from Oceanside, California; No.
21

Chloe Kitts, sophomore and starting forward from Oviedo, Florida; No.
23 Bree Hall, junior and starting guard from Dayton, Ohio; and No.
25

Raven Johnson, sophomore and starting guard from Atlanta, Georgia.
Their supporting cast consisted of No.
12 MiLaysia Fulwiley, freshman

guard and No.
2 Ashlyn Watkins, sophomore forward both from Columbia,

South Carolina; No.
5 Tessa Johnson, freshman guard from Albertville,

Minnesota; No.
20 Sania Feagin, junior forward from Ellenwood, Georgia;

No.
35 Sakima Walker, senior center from Columbus, Ohio; and No.
15

Adhel Tac, freshman center from Grand Prairie, Texas.
This national championship win is a collective achievement, but

special mention is appropriate for their only player currently

scheduled to depart, Kamilla Cardoso.
She was named Most Outstanding

Player of the Tournament after averaging a double-double during post-

season play.
Cardoso also drew All-America honors from the U.S.

Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) (First Team), the AP (Second

Team), and the Wooden Award.
Additionally, the Women's Basketball

Coaches Association (WBCA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC) named

her Defensive Player of the Year, and she was named to the All-SEC.
First Team.
Some individual achievements of her teammates should be celebrated as

well.
Guards Raven Johnson and Te-Hina Paopao, along with forward

Ashlyn Watkins, earned spots on the All-SEC Second Team and MiLaysia

Fulwiley made the SEC All-Freshman Team.
Paopao also picked up All-

America recognition from the USBWA (Second Team) and the AP (honorable

mention).
Coach Staley, a legend in her own right, has transformed South

Carolina WBB into an absolute basketball powerhouse.
The Gamecocks have

won 8 regular season championships, 8 SEC tournament championships, and

3 national championships.