From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 11, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 16

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and

Drug Administration, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Agriculture.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Navy and

Marine Corps.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and

Education, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Health and Human Services.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community

Development

To hold hearings to examine challenges in preserving the

U.S. housing stock.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Energy.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 1651, to encourage

increased trade and investment between the United

States and the countries in the Western Balkans, S.

138, to amend the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 to modify

certain provisions of that Act, S. 1829, to impose

sanctions with respect to persons engaged in the import

of petroleum from the Islamic Republic of Iran, S.

3874, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign

support for terrorist organizations in Gaza and the

West Bank, S. 2626, to impose sanctions with respect to

the Supreme Leader of Iran and the President of Iran

and their respective offices for human rights abuses

and support for terrorism, S. 2336, to address the

threat from the development of Iran's ballistic missile

program and the transfer or deployment of Iranian

missiles and related goods and technology, including

materials and equipment, S. 3854, to combat

transnational repression abroad, to strengthen tools to

combat authoritarianism, corruption, and kleptocracy,

to invest in democracy research and development, S.

3235, to require a strategy to counter the role of the

People's Republic of China in evasion of sanctions

imposed by the United States with respect to Iran, S.

618, to establish the United States Foundation for

International Conservation to promote long-term

management of protected and conserved areas, S. 1881,

to reauthorize and amend the Nicaraguan Investment

Conditionality Act of 2018 and the Reinforcing

Nicaragua's Adherence to Conditions for Electoral

Reform Act of 2021, S. Res.
505, condemning the use of

sexual violence and rape as a weapon of war by the

terrorist group Hamas against the people of Israel, S.

Res.
357, recognizing the formation of the Alliance for

Development in Democracy and urging the United States

to pursue deeper ties with its member countries, S.

Res.
385, calling for the immediate release of Evan

Gershkovich, a United States citizen and journalist,

who was wrongfully detained by the Government of the

Russian Federation in March 2023, S. Con.
Res.