(as Secretary of War Belknap incontestably did), Congress might elect to proceed with impeachment to signal its displeasure.
Secretary Mayorkas has not committed any impeachable offense.
Impeaching a cabinet officer innocent of ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors'' to indicate displeasure with administration policy or the officer's administration of that policy would be a profoundly anticonstitutional act.
Question #2 from 
Mr. Thompson:
In the past, you have written that impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' can be interpreted to include ``serious executive misconduct, including... betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' such as when a president subordinates the nation's interests to foreign interests.
Republican Rep. Guest suggested that you have written in the past about foreign policy differences as grounds for the first impeachment of President Trump--what you describe as Trump's ``rolling destruction of American foreign policy''--and that your past writing contradicts your testimony at the January 10, 2024, hearing.
Are foreign policy differences an impeachable offense, and how do foreign policy differences differ from ordinary policy differences?
I have written that one of the accepted historical categories of impeachable conduct, in both the pre-1787 United Kingdom and in the United States, has been ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
However, in saying this, I was obviously not saying that ordinary policy differences between a presidential administration and the opposing political party become impeachable simply because the subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather than domestic, policy.
To the contrary, long precedent establishes that, in the U.S. impeachment context, ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' has had certain identifying features.
First, for impeachment purposes, a nation's ``foreign policy interests'' are not merely the transient preferences of a political party or faction.
Rather, they are enduring interests about which there is a broad societal consensus, ideally one embodied in statutes, treaties, the practice of multiple presidential administrations, and (where applicable) the views of a nation's diplomats, foreign policy experts or professionals.
Second, the word ``betrayal'' implies, not merely changing policy or adopting policy views contrary to one's political adversaries, but subverting the national interest for illegitimate, often personal, motives.
British impeachments that illustrate these features include the following.
In 1667, after an expensive and unnecessary war with the Dutch, the Earl of Clarendon was impeached in part for seeking payments from France to the British crown to evade parliamentary controls on royal finance.
In 1678, the Earl of Danby was impeached for soliciting--on behalf of the English King Charles II--a bribe from Louis XIV Both Clarendon and Danby's solicitations not only undercut longstanding British foreign policy objectives and subjected the British monarch to undue foreign influence, but were a bald attempt to avoid a significant parliamentary constraint on royal overreach--the requirement that the Crown obtain ``supplies'' (i.e., funding in addition to the monarch's private wealth) through the legislature.
More relevant to the present case are the American impeachments of 
Senator William Blount in 1797-98 and of President Donald Trump in 2020.
Sen. William Blount: Blount, then a U.S. senator, concocted a scheme to enrich himself by giving Great Britain control of the territories of Louisiana and Florida.
Blount's scheme was obviously contrary to contemporary U.S. foreign policy interests inasmuch as the American government and populace wanted to expand into Louisiana and Florida, or at the very least to prevent Great Britain from assuming control over those territories.
In addition, the articles of impeachment against Blount charged him with violations of the Neutrality Act of 1794, and also with violation of the Treaty of Friendship, Limits, and Navigation between the United States and Spain (because his scheme involved stirring up Native American tribes to attack Spanish officials and interests).
Not only was Blount's scheme undeniably contrary to U.S. foreign policy interests, and to multiple treaty obligations, but it was a ``betrayal'' in the most obvious sense.
Blount tried to sell out the interests of his country for personal financial gain.
Although Blount was acquitted by the Senate, the historical consensus is that the verdict turned on the decision that senators are not ``civil officers'' subject to the impeachment remedy under Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution.
President Donald Trump: President Trump's first impeachment involved two articles, the first charging that Trump committed ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' in relation to his scheme to coerce the government of Ukraine into announcing investigations into Trump's likely presidential opponent, Joe Biden, and the second charging obstruction.
The first article was captioned ``Abuse of Power,'' but as I have written, it ``braided together three themes... corruption, damage to foreign policy interests, and injury to the democratic process.
As the first article of impeachment summarized the matter: ``President Trump abused the powers of the Presidency by ignoring and injuring national security and other vital national interests to obtain an improper personal political benefit.
He has also betrayed the Nation by abusing his high office to enlist a foreign power in corrupting democratic elections.''
The ``national security and other vital national interests'' alluded to in the article were the interest of the United States in supporting, militarily and diplomatically, a country threatened, and indeed physically invaded, by Russia, a longstanding geopolitical opponent of the United States, together with the interest of the United States in preventing Russian territorial expansion up to the borders of the countries of the NATO alliance.
These objectives had been endorsed as national security interests of the United States over multiple presidential administrations through repeated bipartisan approval of legislation authorizing military and security aid to Ukraine.
They were also endorsed by the entire diplomatic and national security apparatus of the U.S government before and during the Trump Administration itself.
For example, when Trump's White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) placed a hold on congressionally mandated aid to Ukraine in the July 2019 as part of President Trump's scheme to coerce Ukraine, every relevant agency of Trump's own administration except OMB questioned the hold and supported military assistance to Ukraine as being in the national security interest of the United States.
Thus, Trump's first impeachment precisely matches the template for ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' described above.
First, the foreign policy interests of the United States in that case were enduring interests embraced by multiple presidential administrations, endorsed by the foreign policy professionals of the executive branch, and manifested in bipartisan legislation enacted by multiple U.S. congresses.
Second, and critically, the ``betrayal'' of U.S. interests consisted of subverting the national interest for illegitimate personal motives--securing a personal political advantage over a potential political rival.
In Trump's case, the betrayal was doubly severe because it amounted to an effort to use presidential power to corrupt the democratic electoral process.
Secretary Mayorkas: Nothing alleged against Secretary Mayorkas meets the traditional criteria for impeachment based on ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
The most that can be said against him is that he has executed the policy preferences of President Joe Biden in relation to immigration and border control issues and that the political party in control of the House of Representatives disapproves Secretary's actions, or indeed the Biden Administration's policy choices, are contrary to established national foreign policy interests.
To the contrary, U.S. policy regarding immigration and border control has varied from administration to administration and congress to congress as the challenges, needs, and preferences of the country have varied.
More importantly, there is absolutely no indication that Secretary Mayorkas has taken any official action for corrupt or illegitimate personal motives.
To repeat the central point, ordinary policy differences between a presidential administration and the opposing political party do not become impeachable simply because the subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather than domestic, policy.
Question #3 from 
Mr. Thompson:
Rep. Crane suggested that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the Nation, and that betrayal you aware of any evidence that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the United States?
And Rep. Crane further suggested that you said ``betrayal of the Nation'' is a potential ground for impeachment, whereas you actually said ``betrayal impeachment.
What precisely did you mean?
I did not say in my testimony to the Committee or elsewhere that that ``betrayal of the nation'' is a ground for impeachment.
I have agreed with Charles Black that one decent definition of ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' that covers most cases is offenses ``which are extremely serious, which in some way corrupt or subvert the political and governmental process, and which are plainly wrong in themselves to a person of honor, or to a good citizen, regardless of words on the statute books.''
Nothing alleged against Secretary Mayorkas meets this general definition of impeachable conduct.
I have also written that one specific category of impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' is ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
In my previous answer, I explain what is meant by that phrase for purposes conduct does not fall within it.
Finally, I am aware of no evidence that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the nation.
To the contrary, based on the facts of which I am aware, Secretary Mayorkas appears to be a capable, dedicated public servant trying as best he can to carry out the policy priorities of the President of the United States and to manage the perennial and intractable problems related to immigration and control of the U.S. southern border.