Question #1 from 
Mr. Thompson: Republicans have portrayed your previous academic writing as confirming their position that mere policy differences may be a ground for impeachment.
In particular, that ``displeasure with administration personnel and policy'' may be sufficient to warrant impeachment.
Is that correct?
I have never written that mere policy differences would be an adequate ground for impeachment.
To the contrary, I join with the consensus view of constitutional scholars that ordinary policy differences are not a proper ground for impeachment.
Indeed, this general principle is particularly applicable to a disagreement on policy between a presidential administration and a political party controlling only one house of Congress, and that by the very narrowest of margins.
The quotation to which the question alludes, one mentioned by Chairman Green and Rep. Bishop, occurs in the final paragraph of Chapter 4 of the second edition of my book, High Crimes & Misdemeanors: A History of Impeachment for the Age of Trump (Cambridge Univ.
Press 2023).
Both congressmen take the snippet of text they quote entirely out of context.
In the referenced section of Chapter 4, I discuss the only prior impeachment of a U.S. cabinet officer, President Ulysses Grant's Secretary of War, William Belknap.
Prior to the quoted passage, I explained why no cabinet officer before or after Belknap has been impeached.
The primary, and obvious, reason is that, as I wrote, any cabinet officer ``whose behavior veered anywhere near an impeachable zone'' was simply removed by the President.
Which is what happened to Belknap.
He took a bribe.
When President Grant found out, he fired Belknap.
But the House, controlled by Democrats for the first time since the Civil War, impeached the Secretary anyway as a means of politically damaging President Grant and by extension the Republicans in the upcoming 1876 election.
In the final paragraph of Chapter 4, I was, of course, not saying that mere ``displeasure'' with either a person or a policy is a constitutionally acceptable ground for impeachment.
Rather, when a subordinate official has actually committed ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors''