She passed

shortly after her advance to management in 2021.
Tiffany is survived by a large family.
including her new

granddaughter whom she affectionately called ``P,'' ``CinnaBun,'' and

``Honey Bun.''
I invite all present to join me in recognizing Tiffany,

who was devoted as ever to family, morality, and care until the end.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TURKISH REPUBLIC DAY AND THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE

REPUBLIC OF TURKIYE

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, the people of Turkiye and

Turkish Americans celebrate Turkish Republic Day every year on October

29th.
This important date commemorates when Turkiye in 1923 became a

republic thanks to the leadership of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.
This

October 29th is a special celebration because it marks 100th

Anniversary of the Republic of Turkiye.
While Anatolia, the home of the Republic of Turkiye, has been a

cradle of civilizations for millennia, Turkiye has transformed from its

ancient history to the modern skylines of Ankara.
The progress the

Turkish people have made over the past century is a testament to their

resilience, determination, and spirit.
The Republic of Turkiye has historically been a strong and reliable

ally of the United States thanks to its founding principles of

democracy, secularism, and equality.
Turkiye boasts the second largest

military in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and is allied

with the United States on key issues of counterterrorism, energy

diversification, securing the global supply chains, and drug and human

trafficking prevention.
I am proud to recognize the rich tapestry of Turkish-American

contributions to the United States.
Turkish-Americans have made

important strides in several fields, including academia, business,

medicine, arts, and culture.
Turkish-Americans have enriched our

society with their traditions, cuisine, and heritage.
These

contributions are especially ever present in New Jersey's Ninth

Congressional district, with the largest Turkish immigrant community in

the United States centered around the thriving Little Istanbul in South

Paterson.
The Turkish-American community is an important bridge to strengthen

the understanding and friendship between our two nations.
As I reflect

on Turkiye's 100th Republic Day, I hope everyone will celebrate the

shared values and interests that bind our nations.
I congratulate,

Turkiye, on their centenary, and I thank them, Turkish-Americans, for

their enduring contributions to the United States.