Title: CELEBRATING THE ANNUAL SCARECROW FESTIVITIES OF THE CHESTER HISTORICAL SOCIETY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
166

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ANNUAL SCARECROW FESTIVITIES OF THE CHESTER HISTORICAL

SOCIETY

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today in recognition of

the Chester Historical Society's annual scarecrow celebration in

Chester, New Hampshire.
Each year, as the weather cools and the leaves

fall, hundreds of new faces appear in the town of Chester as residents

decorate scarecrows in support of the Chester Historical Society.
These

stylized scarecrows represent everything from pop culture icons to

historical figures and local heroes, but together they tell the story

of a small town celebrating community and a beloved tradition.
From scarecrows depicting Paul Revere on horseback to a Star Trek-

inspired Taylor Swift, each scarecrow is a unique expression of the

creativity of Chester residents.
For 14 years, this celebration has

served as an opportunity for residents to showcase their artistic

skills with money raised from the sale of scarecrow kits supporting the

efforts by the Historical Society to promote the history of the town

and continuous education about local culture.
Along Routes 102 and 121,

hundreds of scarecrows line the street demonstrating that the Chester

Historical Society succeeds in spreading history and happiness across

town.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to congratulate the Chester Historical Society for

preserving this cherished tradition and to commend them on the work

they have done to educate town residents on local culture.
I look

forward to a continued partnership with the town of Chester, and I

cannot wait to see the creativity displayed in this year's crop of

scarecrows.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEORATING DAVID AND PAT HARTLINE DAY

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today in

commemoration of the David and Pat Hartline Day.
David is a retired LTC, U.S. Army, best-selling author and past State

Commander of the American Legion.
David has invested over 50 years of

his life assisting veterans and their families with the problems they

face.
He has been nominated for the Presidential Medal of Freedom for

his service to this country, its veterans and youth programs.
He been

named veteran of the year by the Governor of Alabama and was proclaimed

a super citizen by TBS television station.
Pat is a retired registered nurse with over 50 years of service.
She

is actively involved with the American Legion Auxiliary.
Pat served

with the American Heart Association for a number of years, where she

taught principles of heart disease as well as CPR to professionals,

students, and communities.
David and Pat have raised four children, ten grandchildren and

fourteen great-grandchildren.
They currently reside on the farm that

has been in the family since 1840.
The towns of Centre, Cedar Bluff, Leesburg, Gaylesville, and Sand

Rock declared Saturday, October 7, 2023 as David and Pat Hartline Day.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join me in commemorating David and

Pat Hairline Day.
I thank them for their service to our Nation, our

communities, and our veterans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COACH HAMPTON ``HAMP'' SMITH

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to

recognize a loving husband, iconic coach, dedicated community servant

and dear friend of longstanding, Coach Hampton ``Hamp'' Smith.
Sadly,

Coach Smith passed away on Monday, October 2, 2023.
A homegoing service

to celebrate his remarkable life was held on Saturday, October 7, 2023,

at the Mount Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia.
The genesis of the life of Coach Hampton Smith began on October 1,

1934, in Greenwood, Mississippi where he was born to the union of the

late Richard Smith and Fannie Hampton Smith.