Elizabeth serves as the Commander of the 60th Mission Support Group

at the 60th Air Mobility Wing at Travis Air Force Base.
She leads a

1,900-member group that provides support to three wings and more than

fifty mission partners.
Her team rapidly mobilized support for 104

nations, readied 3,000 missions, and executed 2,000 deployments and

seven Presidential Support packages which empowered six Combatant

Commands to enable diplomatic and economic ties globally.
Locally, she

oversaw 54 construction projects totaling $137 million which

facilitated the KC-46 aircraft activation at Travis Air Force Base.
She

also guided a $208 million Defense Health Agency contracting transition

strategy for the Air Force's largest hospital, saving $48 million and

harnessing $15 million for other critical priorities.
She also

leveraged Defense and hybrid energy initiatives positioning $20 million

toward alternative energy, fuel resources, and electric vehicle

infrastructure.
Elizabeth has also worked to integrate Travis AFB with

the surrounding community, organizing meetings between base and city

leaders and fostering support for initiatives focused on infrastructure

and quality of life improvements.
Demonstrating her commitment to

Airmen, her team's 90 percent execution rate of resiliency funds was

No.
1 in the Air Force, ensuring Team Travis Airmen and Families across

77 units were immersed in surrounding community activities.
Elizabeth's

work has improved quality of life for all members of the Travis AFB

community, and her engaged leadership, service to others, and

commitment to excellence is noted and celebrated.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Elizabeth Aptekar for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: ELIZABETH HOFFMAN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Elizabeth Hoffman as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Elizabeth is the Executive Director of Rebuilding Together Solano

County, an organization that provides home rehabilitation services and

hosts community volunteer workdays.
Her tireless work has improved the

quality of life for low-income families, veterans, and disabled

individuals in our district.
She coordinates thousands of volunteers

who help build low-income housing and community centers.
This year, she

has led home improvement efforts to help low-income communities and

veterans' widows.
She helped distribute over 2,000 Disaster Safe at

Home Kits to low-income veterans, seniors, and disabled households.
Elizabeth partnered with local government and community volunteers to

install smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, assemble raised garden

beds, and distribute more than 950,000 pounds of food.
Her dedication

to helping low-income individuals, veterans, seniors, and disabled

residents throughout Solano County is unparalleled.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Elizabeth Hoffman for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: JAMEELAH HANIF

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Jameelah Hanif as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Jameelah is a community organizer, family advocate, and champion for

children.
She is the Founder, CEO, and Executive Director of Watch Me

Grow, Inc, a non-profit organization that provides resources and

training for parents.
Jameelah facilitates the Parent Leadership

Training Institute to help parents advocate for their children and

families.
She has been a small business owner for 10 years, providing

quality childcare and family services to over 150 children.
Jameelah

has also been the Chair of the Solano County Local Child Care Planning

Council and the Solano County Licensed Family Child Care Association.
She has a degree in Child Development and Family Services, and

completed the Solano County Parent Leadership Training Institute,

Leadership Vallejo, and EmergeCA programs.