She has been a small business owner for 10 years, providing

quality childcare and family services to over 150 children.
Jameelah

has also been the Chair of the Solano County Local Child Care Planning

Council and the Solano County Licensed Family Child Care Association.
She has a degree in Child Development and Family Services, and

completed the Solano County Parent Leadership Training Institute,

Leadership Vallejo, and EmergeCA programs.
Since the beginning of 2022,

Ms. Hanif has organized monthly youth-led community clean-ups to expose

our youth to community service and to develop community pride,

attracting over 350 participants.
Ms. Hanif is currently the Vallejo

leader of All Children Thrive California initiative, a community-led

movement working towards creating protective community environments

that allow all children to thrive.
Jameelah has been a strong voice for

children and families in Vallejo and with her passion for this work she

will continue to expand her advocacy locally and regionally.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Jameelah Hanif for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: JANET SCOLL JOHNSON

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Janet Scoll Johnson as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Janet is an active and determined community advocate for

environmental justice.
She has served in many roles as part of her

advocacy and community service.
She has served for nine years as the

co-coordinator of the Sunflower Alliance, which works to protect the

health and safety of all Bay Area communities affected by toxic

pollution and climate change.
Janet also served for four years as the

co-chair of the Richmond ShorelineAlliance.
She has advocated for a

full cleanup of toxic sites, for the preservation of Point Molate, and

for public awareness of the dangers of sea level rise.
Janet was a

member of the Richmond-San Pablo AB-617 Community Air Monitoring

Steering Committee and a lead organizer for No Coal in Richmond, a

grassroots organization that works to prevent coal and petroleum coke

from being shipped through the Levin-Richmond Terminal in an effort to

prevent toxic dust from contaminating local air, water, and soil in

nearby neighborhoods.
Thanks to Janet's successful advocacy, a land-use

ordinance to phase out a coal and petroleum coke handling and storage

at a private terminal in the Port of Richmond was passed.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Janet Scoll Johnson for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING REMEMBRANCE TO AIDEN ORTIZ ON THE OCCASION OF HIS PASSING

HON.
JAY OBERNOLTE

Mr. OBERNOLTE.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, it is with a heavy heart I

rise today to honor the life of Mr. Aiden Ortiz, who was tragically

struck and killed by a vehicle at age twelve on September 25, 2023.
His

family, friends, and community are devastated by this sudden loss.
A

sixth grader at Melva Davis Academy of Excellence.
Aiden Ortiz was

known as a selfless, caring son and friend to all who had the privilege

of knowing him.
As a father of two myself, it is nearly impossible to imagine losing

one's child.
I treasure every moment with my sons, and losing a child

so suddenly is every parent's greatest fear.
Aiden was caring and always put others ahead of himself.
According to

his baseball coach, Rodney McNealy, Aiden has been a part of the league

since Tee-ball and made a name for himself in the Majors Division of

the Adelanto Little League, where he played for the Rockies last

spring.
Aiden was a true sportsman whose passion for baseball and life

was contagious.