For 27 years, Mr. Goodwin worked in National Parks across the

continental United States, traveling from the Rocky Mountains in

Colorado, to Mount Rainier in Washington State, to the Everglades in

Florida, and finally to Golden Gate National Recreation Area in the San

Francisco Bay Area.
Mr. Goodwin's extensive career as a National Park Service ranger is

emblematic of his commitment to helping others.
He put his life on the

line numerous times, saving many others in the process as well as

nearly losing his own from two devastating lightning strikes.
Mr.

Goodwin endured the physical and mental costs of the dangers of his

career, including a decade-long battle with post-traumatic stress

disorder.
However, with the help of his family and friends, Mr. Goodwin

persevered, seeking treatment at the West Coast Post Trauma Retreat and

continuing his mission to help others.
He later documented many of his

unforgettable stories in his memoir ``Echoes of the Badge: Stories from

a National Park Service Career'' where he poignantly shared the joys

and tribulations of his 27 years as a ranger.
In 2016, after retiring from the National Park Service, Mr. Goodwin

decided to continue his career of public service by successfully

running for an elected seat on Town of Colma City Council.
Referred to

as the ``City of Souls,'' this small community just south of San

Francisco is unique in that much of its land is dominated by

cemeteries--the population of the dead is speculated to outnumber the

living by a ratio of one thousand to one.
During his tenure as a

councilmember, Mr. Goodwin embarked on numerous initiatives to

cultivate the vitality of the town.
He pushed for increased multi-

cultural recreation events, supported public art projects, championed

flag-raisings to honor the diversity of the town's residents, and

offered his unwavering support for local businesses.
He additionally

welcomed Colma's Veteran's Village with open arms, providing 65 units

of housing for formerly homeless veterans and their families.
Mr.

Goodwin served as Mayor of Colma in 2020, where he worked tirelessly to

protect his constituents and the town's local businesses during the

height of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2024, he again took office as

Mayor, serving the town on the 100th anniversary of the town's

incorporation.
Mr. Goodwin has also demonstrated exemplary community service outside

of his official leadership positions in Colma.
He has volunteered and

raised thousands of dollars for various mental illness and veteran

support organizations, including the Wounded Warrior Project, the

National Alliance on Mental Illness, the American Foundation for

Suicide Prevention, and for 9/11 survivors.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in

honoring the extraordinary service to the public that John Goodwin has

presented over his 35-year career.
All of the lives that he has touched

are better off through his dedication and commitment.