From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING METRA COMMUTER RAILROAD'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROBIN L. KELLY

Ms. KELLY of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Metra

Commuter Railroad as it celebrates its 40th anniversary.
Whereas, for the past 40 years, Metra has dedicated itself to

providing my constituents and other Illinoisans with reliable,

affordable transportation options to connect them to greater

Chicagoland;

Whereas, on February 15, 2022, Metra approved its second strategic

plan, My Metra, Our Future.
While the name indicates a transportation

plan, the motto My Metra also illustrates the ethos of the agency;

Whereas, Metra is not solely a transportation provider.
It is an

essential and reliable service that is there when you need it.
To get

you and your loved ones' home, and everywhere else, safely and

comfortably.
It is about meeting its riders' expectations and

understanding their values and priorities for the region;

Whereas, My Metra was adopted during the COVID-19 pandemic--to ensure

that trains kept running.
Metra provided valuable services to essential

workers in the healthcare field and other sectors who didn't have the

option to work from home or take leave.
Metra's own employees are part

continuity and connection, and a vital cog in economic and social life

in Illinois; and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, THAT I ROBIN L. KELLY, SERVING AS A

MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, RECOGNIZE the public servants

who work for Metra while it celebrates its 40th anniversary and

continues to serve our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ENVISION DALLAS ON A NEW FACILITY IN FARMERS BRANCH

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Envision

Dallas on the grand opening of its new facility in Farmers Branch,

Texas.
Envision Dallas has demonstrated an extraordinary commitment to

our community and dedicated countless hours to the development of a

state-of-the-art facility that will serve as a beacon of hope,

opportunity, and empowerment for many North Texans.
The transformation of the long-abandoned AT&T call center in Farmers

Branch is nothing short of remarkable.
This building, which had stood

vacant for over a decade, has now been revitalized into a hub of

economic growth and empowerment.
The project has not only breathed new

life into this space, but it has also created over 100 jobs for

individuals who are blind or visually impaired, providing them with

meaningful employment through the AbilityOne program.
This level of

investment and impact is precisely the kind of initiative that

strengthens our communities.
In addition to its direct contributions to economic development,

Envision Dallas plays a critical role in supporting our national

defense.
Through its work as a key AbilityOne provider, Envision Dallas

supplies essential items such as battle dress uniforms, office

supplies, presentation binders, printing support, and eyeglass cases to

our military.
This commitment underscores its vital role in supporting

those who ensure our national security every day.
Envision Dallas also extends its impact closer to home by directly

supporting the State of

Texas through its provision of essential safety gear to our road and

highway workers through the Texas Workforce Commission and food

products to the Texas prison system.
Beyond its contributions to

defense and state operations, Envision Dallas offers an array of

essential services that will benefit countless families in North Texas.
The Cathy G. Hudson Envision Child Development Center will nurture our

youngest learners, ensuring children of all abilities have the

foundation they need to succeed.
The Perot Welcome Center will serve as

a vital resource for families and individuals seeking support.
The

newly established Envision Vision and Rehabilitation Clinic will

provide cutting-edge care to those with vision impairments, while the

William L. Hudson Workforce Innovation Center will empower individuals

who are blind or visually impaired to gain the skills and confidence

necessary to excel in today's workforce.