Etta Wilson, Rita Colbelt, Linneall Naylor, and Rondia Prescott with

Jenee Lindner received the Cultural Engagement Heritage Award for their

book, Black Communities of Fairfax -- A History, that serves as an

anthology of Fairfax County's rich Black Heritage.
Gibran Parvez received the Edith Moore Sprouse Award for the creation

of his website, Heritage Dulles, that is an interactive online map and

historical essay allowing readers to explore the area within and around

Dulles Airport over multiple time periods.
Dr. Krystyn Moon, Kristin Neun, Dr. Matt Bakker, and Janine Dewitt

received the Beth Mitchell Award for their website, Documenting

Exclusion & Resilience, that examines the racial dynamics among

property owners in Northern Virginia and Fairfax County.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating all

the honorees and thanking the Fairfax County History Commission for the

important work they do for the Northern Virginia community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FRED POWELL

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

constituent from my district, Fred Powell, as he approaches his 103rd

birthday in May 2025.
With over a century of life experiences, Fred's

journey is one of service, dedication, and community that deserves

recognition.
After his honorable discharge from the Army, Fred joined the family

business, Powell's Electric Shop, which was founded in 1922 by his

father and great-uncle.
What began as a small appliance store on York

Road in Hatboro grew over the decades into a full-service electrical

company serving Bucks and Montgomery counties.
Fred took the reins of

the business in the 1950s, working alongside his father until he

eventually purchased the business and expanded it further.
Fred's dedication to Powell's Electric Shop laid the foundation for

the company's success, and in 1990, after nearly 40 years of

leadership, he passed the torch to his son Doug, continuing the Powell

family legacy into its third generation.
Today, Powell's Electric Shop

remains a trusted family-owned business, with Doug at the helm,

continuing to provide excellent service to the community.
In his retirement, Fred enjoys spending time with his children and

grandchildren.
He remains an active member of his community, attending

resident meetings and participating in social events at The Manor at

York Town.
Fred also stays connected with friends and neighbors through

various programs and classes at the Manor.
As we celebrate Fred Powell's incredible life over 100 years, we

honor his service to our country, his contributions to the success of

his family business, and his unwavering commitment to his community.
Fred's legacy is one of hard work, dedication, and an enduring love for

his family and friends.
We are deeply grateful for his many

contributions and wish him continued health and happiness in the years

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO JOHN GOODWIN

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John Goodwin, Councilmember

and current Mayor of the Town of Colma, upon his retirement after 35

years of serving the public.
Mr. Goodwin was born in a small community near Denver, Colorado, in

1960.
His love of the outdoors and passion for serving others led him

to begin his career as a National Park Service law enforcement ranger.
For 27 years, Mr. Goodwin worked in National Parks across the

continental United States, traveling from the Rocky Mountains in

Colorado, to Mount Rainier in Washington State, to the Everglades in

Florida, and finally to Golden Gate National Recreation Area in the San

Francisco Bay Area.
Mr. Goodwin's extensive career as a National Park Service ranger is

emblematic of his commitment to helping others.
He put his life on the

line numerous times, saving many others in the process as well as

nearly losing his own from two devastating lightning strikes.