MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of

David Biggs as he retires from his role as City Manager of Orinda.
David has brought a deep understanding of urban development to his

work as City Manager of Orinda.
After earning a degree in political

science from California State University, Fullerton, he went on to earn

his MBA from University of California Irvine.
For the last ten years of

his career, David has served as city manager of two cities in the East

Bay, first in Hercules starting in 2014 and later in Orinda, beginning

in 2021.
During his time as City Manager of Orinda, he has worked

tirelessly to serve our community, from his role in making Juneteenth

an official holiday to his work to enhance Orinda's downtown area.
David's hard work has helped to increase quality of life and foster a

vibrant community throughout the city.
Further, David has been a leader in improving Orinda's roads, helping

to improve connectivity throughout the city.
He was instrumental in the

continuation of this long-term project, which began in 2012, and his

efforts improved the city's Pavement Condition Index (PCI) score from

one of the lowest in the region to the second highest in the Bay Area.
In recognition of his service, David was also awarded the 2020 Local

Government Service Award by the International City/County Management

Association (ICMA), an accolade he certainly earned for his years of

dedicated service to the people of Orinda and the East Bay.
Please join me in congratulating David Biggs on his well-deserved

retirement after years of outstanding public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VIETNAM WAR VETERAN RICH ALLEN

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor Rich Allen, a distinguished

military veteran and the longest tenured employee at Lansing Community

College.
Rich Allen's life exemplifies dedication to both education and

service.
His story is one of unwavering commitment to his country and

to higher education.
Born on June 11, 1945 in Fort Wayne, Indiana, Rich moved with his

family to Michigan in the 1950s.
He grew up in Michigan and graduated

from Chelsea High School in 1963.
After earning a Bachelor of Arts

degree from Cleary University, Rich chose to enlist in the U.S. Army in

1967 during the height of the Vietnam War.
He served with the Army

Security Agency, a predecessor of today's National Security Agency,

which was tasked with electronic intelligence and warfare.
Agency

operators played a critical role in intercepting and decoding enemy

radio transmissions to provide vital intelligence to American forces.
As a Morse Intercept Operator, Rich underwent rigorous training,

mastering Morse code.
In 1968, he was deployed to Vietnam stationed at

the 303rd Radio Research Battalion, an undercover unit for Army

Security Agency operators.
Rich performed critical tasks such as

tracking enemy radio transmissions and triangulating positions to

support military operations.
His work, which often included helicopter

reconnaissance to gather frontline intelligence, was crucial to the war

effort, coordinating intelligence that informed artillery and

airstrikes.
Rich's distinguished service earned him numerous commendations,

including the Bronze Star Medal with an Oak Leaf Cluster, the Army

Commendation Medal, and the Vietnam Service Medal, all recognizing his

technical expertise and steadfast commitment.
After his honorable discharge in 1971, Rich returned to Michigan and

enrolled at Lansing Community College, marking the beginning of a 50-

year career.
While pursuing a degree in computer programming, he began

as a student programmer in 1973 and soon transitioned to a full-time

position in the Information Technology Department, where he helped

advance the college's technological capabilities.
From writing code on

punch cards and using early computer systems to developing the

college's first online system in 1975, his work laid the foundation for

modern IT practices at Lansing Community College.