The Cathy G. Hudson Envision Child Development Center will nurture our

youngest learners, ensuring children of all abilities have the

foundation they need to succeed.
The Perot Welcome Center will serve as

a vital resource for families and individuals seeking support.
The

newly established Envision Vision and Rehabilitation Clinic will

provide cutting-edge care to those with vision impairments, while the

William L. Hudson Workforce Innovation Center will empower individuals

who are blind or visually impaired to gain the skills and confidence

necessary to excel in today's workforce.
Envision Dallas is setting a powerful example of what it means to

truly invest in people, infrastructure, and the future of our

community.
This transformative facility will no doubt have a positive

impact on North Texas for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DEPUTY ADJUTANT GENERAL OF NEW HAMPSHIRE WARREN PERRY ON HIS

RETIREMENT

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of New Hampshire's

Deputy Adjutant General, Warren Perry, who is retiring later this year.
For nine years, Warren has diligently served New Hampshire's Department

of Military Affairs and Veterans Services.
In his role, he has played a

key part in connecting military officials with the needs of New

Hampshire and ensuring our veterans are receiving the support that they

need.
Warren served our country for 28 years in the United States Army, and

for that we are incredibly thankful.
He is a veteran of Operations

Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom where he fought to keep the United

States safe from foreign threats.
In service to his fellow Granite

Staters, when he returned home, Warren went on to serve as the State

Inspector General for the New Hampshire National Guard.
Beyond national security, Warren has tirelessly served our

communities on a local level.
As Deputy Adjutant General, Warren has

worked to strengthen the New Hampshire Veteran-Friendly Business

Program and increase veterans' employment with our local businesses as

they return from combat.
As a decorated soldier, Warren has been awarded the Legion of Merit,

the Bronze Star Medal, and many other distinguished honors.
As a

community leader, Warren has aided our veterans in their employment

efforts.
And as a proud member of a military family, Warren knows the

meaning of service and has always strived to give back to his

community.
Warren has dedicated his life to the security of our Nation

and the betterment of our communities.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I thank Deputy Adjutant General Warren Perry for his service

and wish him a happy retirement.
I wish Warren and his family all the

best in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO ASHLEY BURNETT

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our Texas-24 Hometown

Hero, Southlake resident Ashley Burnett.
Last year, Ashley found out

her father, Todd, was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis

(ALS), a progressive and fatal neuromuscular disease.
Ashley has been

working to raise awareness and funds for ALS research ever since.
Over

the summer, which marked the 10-year anniversary of the original ice

bucket challenge to raise money for ALS research, Ashley hosted her own

ice bucket challenge at Hawaiian Falls Waterpark in honor of her dad.
In Ashley's own words, ``With a disease that is full of the unknown

and often feels so hopeless, raising money through this event gives my

family back a little bit of that hope.''
Through her efforts, Ashley is

helping those living with ALS, and their loved ones; tackle the

physical, emotional, and financial toll that comes from the devastating

disease.
Her challenge raised over $15,000 for ALS research.
I'd like to thank Ashley for her efforts to support those living with

ALS.
She is an inspiration to North Texans and a beacon of hope to

those suffering from the disease.