After his honorable discharge in 1971, Rich returned to Michigan and

enrolled at Lansing Community College, marking the beginning of a 50-

year career.
While pursuing a degree in computer programming, he began

as a student programmer in 1973 and soon transitioned to a full-time

position in the Information Technology Department, where he helped

advance the college's technological capabilities.
From writing code on

punch cards and using early computer systems to developing the

college's first online system in 1975, his work laid the foundation for

modern IT practices at Lansing Community College.
Over his tenure spanning more than five decades, Rich Allen has

served under seven college presidents and held various job titles,

adapting to each new wave of technology.
His expertise and

collaborative spirit has helped countless colleagues, earning him deep

respect within the Lansing community.
Rich's legacy is marked not only by his military service and

professional accomplishments but also by his dedication to his family.
He finds joy in spending time with his son and grandchildren, fishing,

camping, and gardening--a testament to living a well-rounded life.
It

is with profound respect and gratitude that I recognize his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WARREN COUNTY'S BICENTENNIAL

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor historic

Warren County, which is celebrating its bicentennial anniversary this

fall.
Warren County was incorporated in November of 1824 through an act

of the New Jersey State Legislature, which named the new county after

the renowned Revolutionary War hero, Dr. Joseph Warren.
At the time of

her founding, a sum of almost $10,000 was raised to build a county

courthouse that is still in use to this day.
Warren County has historically been an important locus of

transportation and commerce.
In the 1650s, Dutch settlers built a road

to carry mined copper in the region across colony lines to New York.
Today, ``Old Mine Road'' is a popular visitor attraction for both New

Jersey residents and tourists from across the country.
Through the 19th

century, Warren County expanded in commercial importance, hosting a

large part of the Morris Canal, which connected the New Jersey and

Pennsylvania countryside to metropolitan markets on the eastern

seaboard.
Phillipsburg, New Jersey, also became a major hub for five

major railroads.
The County also has a long history of industriousness and prosperity.
In the 1830s, furnaces in Oxford, New Jersey, became the first in the

Nation to use the hot blast process, while a Phillipsburg furnace was

one of the first to employ the Bessemer process.
Phillipsburg was also

home to the first commercially successful diesel-electric train

engines.
In the 20th century, a heavy manufacturing plant in

Phillipsburg provided critical machinery for the Allied World War II

victory.
Today, Warren County remains the leading manufacturing county

among the 21 counties of New Jersey.
Agriculture has long been a staple of Warren County's prosperity and

health.
Warren County feeds New Jerseyans as the top producing County

of milk, dairy, cattle, feed corn, and eggs.
The county's proud

tradition of family-owned farms continues to provide quality fresh

produce to residents across New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
It is my honor to congratulate the communities of Warren County on

their bicentennial celebration, as it continues to be a pillar of New

Jerseyan and American agriculture, industry, and history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LA PURISIMA CATHOLIC CHURCH'S 100-YEAR ANNIVERSARY

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize La Purisima

Catholic Church, a pillar of our community that has served parishioners

in the City of Orange for the last century.
Established in 1924 on Center Street as La Purisima Mission, the

church opened through the generous donation of Mr. Remedios Mares and

originally served local residents and seasonal workers from Mexico.