J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize La Purisima

Catholic Church, a pillar of our community that has served parishioners

in the City of Orange for the last century.
Established in 1924 on Center Street as La Purisima Mission, the

church opened through the generous donation of Mr. Remedios Mares and

originally served local residents and seasonal workers from Mexico.
In

October of 1957, La Purisima Mission came under the spiritual

caretaking of the Missionary Servants of the Most Holy Trinity, who

oversaw the mission's growth partly due to the influx of new residents

to the area from Orange's burgeoning aerospace industry.
This period

also saw an expansion of services provided to local residents,

including the first ``Fiestas'' beginning in 1958 and the parochial

school opened by Sisters of the Company of Mary in 1964.
In 1962, La Purisima's ``old church'' building was constructed.
It

was in this building where La Purisima was granted Parish status on May

8, 1964, by the Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
La Purisima would join the

newly formed Diocese of Orange on June 18, 1976.
The growth of Vietnamese and Hispanic American communities in and

around the parish of La Purisima led to some of the first trilingual

liturgies in the Diocese of Orange.
Due to the popularity of the

trilingual liturgies and the growth of the community at La Purisima,

parishioners received permission in 1999 to begin efforts to build a

larger church building that remains in use today, dedicated on June 4,

2005, by Bishop Tod Brown.
This year the La Purisima Catholic Church celebrates its 100th

anniversary, a testament to its commitment to service in the community.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing La Purisima Catholic

Church's 100 years of service to the residents of the City of Orange,

and in wishing them a bright future of faith and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY HISTORY

CONFERENCE

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Fairfax County

History Commission on the occasion of the 20th Annual Fairfax County

History Conference.
Since 1969, the Fairfax County History Commission has worked to

identify, document, record and preserve the history of our region.
There are few areas in the country that are as rich in history as our

area is.
The History Conference provides an opportunity to reflect on

the accomplishments of the past year while recognizing our neighbors

who have made significant contributions to preserving and promoting our

local history.
Through the dedicated efforts of the History Commission

and its many volunteers, we are assured that our history will not be

lost and will be available for future generations.
This year, a number of dedicated individuals are being honored for

their commitment to the preservation and education of history.
I am

proud to include in the Record their names:

Dr. Glenn Fatzinger received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his

career as a distinguished historian and educator.
Tom Shoop received the Nan Netherton Award for his book, ILDA, that

brings to life the stories and history of a small, interracial

enterprising village in Fairfax County.
Etta Wilson, Rita Colbelt, Linneall Naylor, and Rondia Prescott with

Jenee Lindner received the Cultural Engagement Heritage Award for their

book, Black Communities of Fairfax -- A History, that serves as an

anthology of Fairfax County's rich Black Heritage.
Gibran Parvez received the Edith Moore Sprouse Award for the creation

of his website, Heritage Dulles, that is an interactive online map and

historical essay allowing readers to explore the area within and around

Dulles Airport over multiple time periods.
Dr. Krystyn Moon, Kristin Neun, Dr. Matt Bakker, and Janine Dewitt

received the Beth Mitchell Award for their website, Documenting

Exclusion & Resilience, that examines the racial dynamics among

property owners in Northern Virginia and Fairfax County.