Following yesterday’s intervention by President Trump, it appears that the White House has the final say on the future of sovereign British territory.
Meanwhile, the Chagossians continue to be ignored.
The process of securing the deal has been shambolic.
Chagossians have been denied their right to a say, and it is shameful how they have been treated.
Will the Minister confirm whether there are any plans to ensure that the Chagossians are finally included in discussions at this eleventh hour of the negotiations?
Hard-working families around the country will rightly be questioning why the Government seem to be willing, reportedly, to negotiate such significant payments to Mauritius at a time when winter fuel payments have been scrapped.
The confected consternation of the Conservatives is also bemusing, given that it was their Foreign Secretary who first signalled the UK’s intention to secure an agreement.
As the Minister confirmed, the treaty must come before the House for scrutiny, especially given its importance to our national security.
Can he confirm when that will happen and that this House will have a vote on any final deal?
It was absolutely right, as I have said on many occasions, that the new United States Administration had a chance to consider the agreement.
We welcome the fact that the United States recognises the strength of the deal—we heard the comments that have been made—and that is because it will fundamentally protect UK and US security interests.
I remind the hon.
Lady that we have legal obligations with the United States in relation to the operation of the base and it was only right that it was consulted, with full engagement in the process.
The hon.
Lady asks about the Chagossians.
We deeply regret, as I have said many times, the way Chagossians were removed from the islands, but the negotiations were between the UK and Mauritius, with our priority being to secure the full operation of the base on Diego Garcia.
However, we have worked hard to ensure that  the agreement reflects the importance of the islands to Chagossians.
I have set out to the House a number of times the mechanisms and systems that will be in place to do that.
It is really important to respect the many different views within the Chagossian community.
There is not one settled view.
For example, the Chagos Refugees Group, one of the largest Chagossian groups, has in fact welcomed the agreement.
Can the Minister confirm that the confirmation of the legal status of the base on Diego Garcia will strengthen our influence in the Asia-Pacific and put us in a strong position to counter the influence of China?
I absolutely can.
Our national security, and that of our allies, has been at the heart of the agreement.
There was a significant problem.
The former Government knew that, which is why they started negotiating.
We have completed the deal, with the full involvement of the United States and with consideration of all the important measures, which I have set out on many occasions, to keep the base safe.