I can absolutely confirm that.
That is also why we agreed an important arrangement as an interim with St Helena, which I have spoken to the House about.
That has absolutely been at the heart of it, but our primary objective has been to protect the national security of the United Kingdom, our ally the United States and our partners.
I want to go back to the questions from the right hon.
Members for South West Wiltshire (Dr Murrison) and for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart), and indeed the question I asked the Minister the last time this issue was raised in the House.
The Minister is well aware that what we are talking about is primarily a US base.
Surely he can at least tell the House today that conversations have been held with the US, and that it fully understands that a compensatory package will be made and that there is a question over who will primarily contribute to that package.
Can he make that clear to the House today?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answer I gave a moment ago.
We are absolutely clear that the United States recognises the strength of this deal.
We have had excellent co-operation with the US throughout.
The full details will be provided in due course.
Not only are the Government preparing to give away sovereign British territory, but they are preparing to pay for the privilege of doing so by handing over billions to Mauritius.
The Minister cannot say where the money is coming from, but can he at least agree that that money would be better spent restoring the winter fuel payment to pensioners in need and relieving social care providers, hospices and charities from their national insurance increases here in the UK, rather than being handed over to Mauritius?
Quite frankly, the hon.
Member neglects to mention the shocking mess that his former Government left us to inherit.
I have been clear in this House on many occasions that we will not scrimp when it comes to the national security of this country, whether that is in relation to Diego Garcia or investment in defence and our armed forces.
That is exactly what my hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces and the Defence Secretary have been setting out on our wider defence spending.
What we are doing in this deal is protecting our national security and defence and that of our ally the United States.