The Secretary of State might recall that two years ago I launched a report that highlighted that Northern Ireland receives one fifth of the UK average spend on defence.
That incorporates the commitment for Harland and Wolff, which I worked on and greatly welcome.
I also welcome the announcement of a £1.6 billion contract for Thales.
However, does he accept that the previous Government committed to a thorough and thoughtful publication of how they would support continued growth in Northern Ireland’s defence sector?
Will he similarly commit to doing so?
The Ministry of Defence has agreed to deliver precisely that “Safeguarding the Union” commitment through its defence industrial strategy,  which will look at how the UK’s defence, technological and industrial base can contribute to the Government’s growth mission, including in Northern Ireland.
The House of Commons will this afternoon recognise 125 years of the Irish Guards as a British regiment.
When we consider the capacity to arm those who defend us, should we not also continue in our resolve to defend those who stand up for the values of this nation?
In terms of legacy, will the Secretary of State commit to defending those who defended us?
I certainly will.
Those who served in Operation Banner were protecting the people of Northern Ireland and standing up for the values of our country.
We have discussed that a great deal recently, and since I last had the opportunity to address the House, the right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the decision the Ministry of Defence has taken to judicially review the Clonoe inquest verdict—a decision that I support.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy funding on Northern Ireland.
Great British Energy will operate across the whole of the United Kingdom, helping to reduce our reliance on imported gas and bring down energy bills.
UK Ministers and GB Energy will work with Northern Ireland’s Department for the Economy to explore opportunities to increase clean energy deployment by 2030, starting with £1.6 million of funding to the Executive for sustainable energy.
Abandoning the 2050 net zero target shows that the Tory leader has learned nothing from her party’s historic election defeat.
Does the Minister agree that Northern Ireland has a huge amount to gain from this Labour Government, working together with the Northern Ireland Executive on the transition to clean power?
Will she update us on any recent discussions she has had with the Executive?
The Conservatives’ energy policy now, as over the past 14 years, fails to bring down bills, still relies on expensive oil and gas, fails to invest in green jobs, and fails future generations on climate change.
This Government are investing in the new technologies we need.
Two weeks ago I was delighted to join the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the hon.
Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , at Ulster University to see its cutting-edge renewable energy and solar panel development and the benefits that the clean energy transition can bring to Northern Ireland.
I am also working with the Executive on this.
In pursuit of their unrealistic and costly net zero policies, this Government have committed billions of pounds to carbon capture; guaranteed long-term prices to renewable energy sources, which has added to consumer Bills; and set up GB Energy, a costly quango.
One project that is likely to apply to  GB Energy is the proposal for a massive wind farm off the coast of Northern Ireland and adjacent to the Giant’s Causeway, a world heritage site and major tourist attraction.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that GB Energy does not support a project that would have a detrimental effect on our tourism industry?
Where the wind farms are positioned will be subject to the normal planning processes, but wind farms and solar power offer huge opportunities to Northern Ireland.
Net zero is the future; reliance on expensive oil and gas is the past.
Bills will come down and jobs will grow with the new technologies that we can bring forward.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
The record £18.2 billion funding settlement for 2025-26 will provide Northern Ireland with funding in line with its independently assessed level of need, and it is now for the Executive to decide how that funding is spent.
The Royal College of General Practitioners in Northern Ireland has said that the hike in national insurance contributions will be catastrophic for GP surgeries.
With many practices teetering on the edge, why are Ministers not doing more to talk to their colleagues in the Treasury?
I would point out to the hon.
Member that the previous Government left—[Interruption.]
However much they may deny it, the previous Government left a fiscal black hole that had to be filled.
The increase in expenditure resulting from the autumn Budget is helping to fund, in part, the record settlement that the Northern Ireland Executive have got for 2025-26.