The Minister is an incredibly honourable man, and he is much liked in this House, so I say this with all gentleness.
My constituents are telling me that the deal with the Indian ocean territory is overwhelming and that the cost factor is  something that they cannot quite understand—and neither can I. Does the Minister understand why pensioners in my constituency and across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland are wondering why, at a time of reduced help and aid, the Government are handing over sovereignty of land and then renting it back at a cost to the public purse?
Will the Minister outline where the money will come from, when it has been decided that pensioners and ill people on personal independence payments cannot have the support they deserve due to the lack of money within Government?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman asks his question with sincerity, and he is much liked in this place too.
I suggest that he makes it clear to his constituents that a financial element to this deal was crucial to protect operations.
It is crucial for the security of his citizens in Strangford and the citizens of the United Kingdom and of the United States, and our interests overseas.
Some of the figures that have been quoted in the media are simply inaccurate, and of course, this will happen over a 99-year period.
We will not scrimp when it comes to our security.
It is important that we invest in it, and that is exactly what this Government are doing.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is it relevant to the questions we have just had?
It is linked to the comments of the Liberal spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) .
In her question to the Minister, she noted that the winter fuel payment had been scrapped.
This is simply not true.
The winter fuel payment has not been scrapped, it has been means-tested, and to say otherwise is misleading.
It is similar to when the Liberal Democrat-Tory coalition Government means-tested child benefit— Order.
I think we have got the gist; it is a point of clarification rather than a point of order, and the hon.
Lady has got it on the record.
Let us move on.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary to make a statement about the Israeli Government’s announcement that they are expanding their military operations in Gaza.
We are deeply concerned about the resumption of hostilities in Gaza.
The UK does not support an expansion of Israel’s military operations.
Continued fighting and more bloodshed is in nobody’s interest.
All parties, including Israel, must observe international humanitarian law.
We urge all parties to return to dialogue and ceasefire negotiations, ensuring the return of all who have endured unimaginable suffering.
It is clear that this conflict cannot be won by bombs and bullets, but by diplomacy.
Aid should never be used as a political tool.
Israel must restart the flow of aid immediately.
Blocking goods supplies and power from entering Gaza risks breaching international humanitarian law, and it should not be happening.
We are doing everything we can to alleviate that situation.
Gaza is also the most dangerous place in the world to be an aid worker.
Over 400 aid workers have been killed since the start of the conflict.
Despite renewed fighting, the United Nations and humanitarian organisations must be able to deliver their vital work.
A year on from the appalling attack on World Central Kitchen aid workers, lessons have not been learned.
We are appalled at recent attacks on aid workers, which include the attack on a United Nations Office for Project Services guest house and the killing of at least eight Palestinian Red Crescent medics.
Our thoughts are with the victims and their families.
Those responsible must be held accountable.
The Government of Israel must urgently ensure that there are effective deconfliction mechanisms in place to enable agencies to deliver their impartial mandates safely.
On  28 March , the UK and France called an urgent UN Security Council meeting to discuss the risks facing humanitarian aid workers in Gaza.
Since the hostilities resumed, the Foreign Secretary has spoken to Secretary Rubio, special envoy Steve Witkoff, the Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar, the Israeli Minister for Strategic Affairs Ron Dermer, the EU high representative Kallas and the UN emergency relief co-ordinator Tom Fletcher.
A return to a ceasefire is the only way we will bring the conflict to an end and return to negotiations for a lasting peace in the region.
That is the only way to deliver the two-state solution that we all want to see.
Both Israelis and Palestinians have the right to live in peace and security.
The Israeli Government’s brutal decision to expand their military operations in Gaza is not about security; it is about domination and erasure.
It comes on top of 18 months of collective punishment, including, since  2 March , the longest aid blockade since the war began.
I welcome the Minister’s confirmation that the UK does not support the Israeli Government’s expanded military operation in Gaza.
Will he now finally name  what is happening as genocide and undertake a structural investigation into genocide and other crimes under international law committed in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
To ensure that the UK is not complicit in Israel’s ongoing genocide, illegal occupation and system of apartheid, will the Minister immediately suspend the direct and indirect supply, sale or transfer—including transit and trans-shipment—to Israel of all weapons, munitions and other military and security equipment?
Will he immediately suspend the provision of training and other military and security assistance and recognise that, otherwise, there is a clear risk of contributing to the commission of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, including crimes under international law?
As the Minister mentioned, the UK is a significant provider of humanitarian aid to the region.
What assessment has he made of the impact of today’s reports on the humanitarian crisis?
Although he touched on this lightly, given the UK’s level of influence with Israeli authorities, will he confirm that he will use his position to actively oppose current and planned attempts by Israel to establish a permanent military presence in Gaza, and to oppose moves to alter Gaza’s borders and demographic make-up or to shrink its territory, including through any expanded buffer zones and construction of permanent checkpoints?
The hon.
Lady asked a series of important questions.
As I have said to the House on a number of occasions, determinations of breaches of international law are for competent courts and we support those courts in their work.
On weapons, I want to be clear that we continue to stand by the assessments that we made soberly in September and the suspension of licenses that that involved.
The hon.
Lady asked about the UK’s view on a permanent presence in Gaza.
I am happy to restate our policy now.
We welcome the proposal by Arab nations, called the Arab initiative, which would allow for a reconstruction of Gaza, the safe return of Palestinians who have been displaced, and for those remaining in Gaza to rebuild their lives without forced displacement, which we oppose.