The Prime Minister has spoken very movingly, and with genuine sincerity and affection, about his time as a young man in the Langdale valley in the Lake district in my constituency and how that helped to shape him.
I wonder whether he is aware that the hill farmers who maintain those stunning landscapes in the lakes and elsewhere will be earning on average significantly less than or barely half of the national minimum wage due to cuts in their income, despite the fact that they provide the backdrop to the remarkably important tourism economy.
Will he agree to meet me and upland farmers in the lakes and the dales so that we can design a scheme together to end this poverty and equip our hill farmers to produce food and protect our epic landscapes for generations to come?
The hon.
Gentleman and I share a love of the Lake district.
We still go back there with our children.
This is obviously a serious issue, which is why we put a record amount into farming at the Budget and also set out our road map.
I will happily make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to go through that and to take on board any points he has to make in relation to it.
Hundreds of residents in my constituency at Union Park are facing massive £1 million charges to repair their heating system and for fire safety works that have not been put right by the developer, which has now declared bankruptcy and walked away.
Their new freeholder has washed its hands of responsibility and is instead leveraging huge ground rent bills and fines against those residents.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that is exactly why we have to move forward with our plan, much delayed by the Conservatives, to abolish the outdated leasehold system once and for all as part of our plan for change?
The Deputy Prime Minister is saying, “Absolutely”, in my ear.
We will end the feudal leasehold system which has left millions of homeowners subject to unfair costs and unreasonable practices.
Our reforms include clear standards for repairs and maintenance, and that will give homeowners a greater say in how their homes are managed.
I know the Housing Minister will have heard what my hon.
Friend said.
This Labour Government have failed the British public at every turn: they have abandoned the WASPI women, leaving them without the compensation they deserve; they have turned their backs on pensioners by failing to support the winter fuel allowance; they have let down children by keeping the two-child benefit cap in place; and they will inflict further hardship on the most vulnerable by slashing £5 billion from benefits.
Perhaps the most immediate and visible failure, which poses an immediate and direct health risk to the people of Birmingham, is the appalling financial mismanagement of Labour-run Birmingham city council.
After more than a decade of Labour control, that council’s incompetence has led to mountains of uncollected rubbish piling up on every street, so large that they can be seen by satellites orbiting in space.
It is nothing short of a disgrace and a damning indictment of Labour’s inability to govern.
Will the Prime Minister take urgent action to protect public health and the people of Birmingham by immediately deploying the— Order.
We are meant to ask quick questions, otherwise nobody is going to get in.
I have said that the situation in Birmingham council is completely unacceptable, but the hon.
Gentleman might want to tell his constituents that we have delivered 2 million extra appointments for the NHS, so waiting lists are coming down for them.
We have delivered a £1,400 increase in the national living wage, including for his constituents, and we have got record investment into this country, growing the economy, including for his constituents.
My constituents are grafters—they want to work, and they want to see opportunities created and the skills and investment in infrastructure that we need for the future.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s commitment to fix the transport system in the north of England, which has been holding us back, and I invite him to the Atom Valley development zone in my constituency to discuss how we can create skilled jobs in north Greater Manchester.
I am grateful for my hon Friend’s question.
We will unlock growth across the country in partnership with local leaders, giving power to those with skin in the game, and we will fix the north’s broken transport system—another thing that the Conservatives left in a complete mess—through nearly £1.7 billion for local buses, roads and trams, an additional £415 million to upgrade the trans-Pennine route, and fixing millions of potholes.
Obviously, I will consider my hon.
Friend’s kind invitation.
Since the Prime Minister and I last spoke, more than 6,000 people have signed an open letter to the Health Secretary in support of North Devon district hospital, which faces a 10-year wait for urgent repairs.
Why is that hospital still being denied a ministerial visit, and will the Government consider the trust’s emergency plans and meet me and the trust, so that we can discuss keeping the operating theatres open beyond 2027 to meet capacity?
As I said in our previous exchange, obviously the unfunded promises—the fantasy promises —of the Conservative party meant that the hon.
Gentleman’s hospital would never have been delivered.
[Interruption.]
Conservative Members should not moan; they should apologise to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
We had to take tough decisions to make the programme deliverable, which is what we have done.
We will continue to support the trust to maintain facilities in advance of the new hospital investment, and the Minister for Secondary Care will be visiting that hospital, which I hope will be an opportunity to have the necessary discussions.
Stone Lodge academy, a special school in Ipswich, will be one of the first schools in the country to benefit from a new breakfast club this month.
That is an important step in tackling Suffolk’s decades-long special educational needs and disabilities crisis, as is the multimillion-pound funding settlement given to opening new specialist places across the county.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps he will be taking to break down the barriers to opportunity further for all children as part of our plan for change?
I am very pleased to say that the first 750 breakfast clubs will open this month.
I am pleased that there is an early adopter in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, as well as in the constituency of the Leader of the Opposition—I am sure she will welcome that one of these weeks.
That will put £450 a year back in the pockets of working people.
Today, we have awarded £37 million to 300 primary schools to create up to 4,000 nursery places from September, making it easier for working families to access Government-funded childcare.
Some 2,700 workers at Scunthorpe steelworks are facing redundancy, plus many more in the supply chain, and many of those people are my constituents.
It is welcome that negotiations are continuing, but whatever the outcome, the local economy is going to need significant support.
All those affected would appreciate it and be reassured if the Prime Minister could give an indication that he was personally taking an interest in this matter, and if at some point in the not too distant future, he would meet me, neighbouring MPs and the council leader to discuss the way forward.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that.
I do take a personal interest.
A short while ago, I went to Scunthorpe to talk to the management and workers to understand the challenges at first hand and how deeply worrying this will be for those working there, their families and the community as a whole, which is why negotiations are taking place.
I call on the company to accept the offer of financial support that has been advanced, so that we can achieve a sustainable future for the workforce, the industry and the local community, because I believe that there is, and needs to be, a bright future for steel.
As I have said, I do take a personal interest in this.
Too many of my constituents are struggling to obtain an appointment with a GP.
The GPs are trying their best, but they too are struggling, with capacity issues, outdated buildings and outdated technology, all because the Conservative party broke the front door to the national health service.
Can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that our plan for investment and reform will ensure that they can see a GP when they need one?
We are focused on delivering real results for patients by scrapping unnecessary targets, bringing back the family doctor, and requiring online bookings, which will help deal with the 8 am scramble.
We are investing an additional £889 million to reinforce the front door of the NHS.
That is the biggest increase for more than a decade, and it means that there will be hundreds more GPs since we came to power.
This week, we have announced record investment to enable community pharmacies to deliver more services for patients, and to free up GP time.
A recent NHS England report laid bare the catalogue of failures that left a patient with a history of violent aggression unconfined, untreated and completely unmedicated for nine months, until he killed Ian Coates and the young friends Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Barnaby Webber, from Taunton in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister join me and the people of Taunton in paying tribute to the families who have campaigned on this matter?
Will he confirm that a public inquiry is to begin?
Given the 50% cut to the cost of integrated care boards, will he also confirm that mental health services, both in the community and secure, will not suffer as a result of those cuts?