The Prime Minister does not want to talk about Birmingham, and that is because he knows the situation.
I will say it again: 17,000 tonnes of rubbish on Birmingham’s streets.
Normally, a state of emergency is called for natural disasters, not Labour ones.
His policies have left our economy dangerously fragile.
The Chancellor, once again, left herself no room for manoeuvre.
Economic experts, real economists, say that she will either have to break her fiscal rules or put up taxes—which will it be?
I think the right hon.
Lady must have picked up the script she was using a few weeks ago, because only then she was saying that we were going to put up taxes in the spring statement.
The situation in Birmingham is completely unacceptable, and I fully support the council in declaring it a major incident to resolve the situation.
We will put in whatever additional support is needed.
When the Conservatives were in government, we lost more days to strike action than in any year since the 1980s.
NHS workers were on the picket line, not on the frontline, and that sent waiting lists through the roof, so we will take no lectures on industrial harmony from the Conservatives.
The whole House would have heard that the Prime Minister did not say whether he could keep to his fiscal rules.
That means it is either change that or put up taxes.
Nine months ago, we left Labour the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
[Interruption.]
We did.
I remember watching his MPs laughing at their first destructive Budget.
They have had another one that has made our economy dangerously vulnerable.
The Bank of England says that his policies have pushed up the cost of living for families.
Does he disagree with the Bank, or does he accept his policies mean higher bills?
The right hon.
Lady must be the only person left in the country who actually thinks the Tories did well on the economy when they were in power.
That was what was tested at the last election.
Living standards were the worst on record, and inflation soared up to 11%.
The NHS was on its knees.
She is so obsessed with talking down the country that she has not read the OBR forecast properly.
Growth is up in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in 2029.
That is thanks to our planning reforms, the largest growth measure the OBR has ever costed.
What did the Tories do when that Bill came before Parliament?
They abstained.
We do not grow the economy or build houses by abstaining.
They are the same old party.
They have not changed.
Nothing’s new.