The triple lock was a Conservative policy—[Interruption.]
Order.
Rather than the Prime Minister congratulating himself on what we did, why don’t we talk about what he is doing?
From Sunday, Labour’s job tax will mean that many British businesses face a terrible choice: cut wages, put up prices or sack their staff.
What is his advice to those businesses?
The right hon.
Lady says that the triple lock “was” a Conservative policy.
The Conservatives were once thought to be the party of sound finances, but they blew all of that.
She asked what we are doing.
We are clearing up the mess that they left, we are dealing with global instability, and we  recognise the pressures that are bearing down on businesses, individuals, and working people.
That is why we are rolling up our sleeves.
Yesterday, I was pleased to announce the national living wage increasing by £1,400.
That is a pay rise for millions of workers.
We have announced £150 for the warm home discount, now extended to 6 million households, which is one in five families.
Wages are going up faster than prices.
Never forget: under the Conservative party there were the worst living standards on record, inflation up to 11%, and public services left on their knees.
The only mess is the one that the Prime Minister made with his Budget.
They had an emergency Budget last week that fixed nothing.
He says that he is bringing stability, but all we see is fragility.
During the election, the Prime Minister also promised that he would not increase taxes on working people, but even the Office for Budget Responsibility says that the jobs tax will be passed on to workers.
On average, families will be £3,500 poorer.
Why should anyone trust him again?
The right hon.
Lady’s fantasy figure is about as much use as Liz Truss’s economic planning.
She turns up every week to carp from the sidelines about decisions that we made in the Budget.
Yesterday, she held a press conference and could not say whether she would reverse the decisions that we made at the Budget.
I understand, because she cannot bring herself to say that she does not want the investment of an extra £26 billion in our NHS.
I am not surprised at that, as that is 2 million extra appointments, 1,000 more GPs, a pay rise for nurses, and so on.
Let me get her position right, if I can follow it: she wants the extra £26 billion in the NHS, which was paid for by the national insurance rise—she wants that—but she does not want to reverse the national insurance rises.
She is now reduced to this absurd position of voting against a Budget—carping against a Budget—that she actually agrees with.
I do not agree with making people poorer.
I do not agree with pensioner poverty.
I do not agree—[Interruption.]
Out there they are calling it “Awful April”, and that is because of decisions the Prime Minister has made, because he made promises, and broke them.
His promises are worthless.
People are getting poorer.
Before the election he pledged to freeze council tax.
Instead, it is going up everywhere, even in Birmingham, where 17,000 tonnes of rubbish goes uncollected on the streets.
Does the Prime Minister regret promising the British people that he would freeze their council tax, when he has so obviously failed?
I have to ask the right hon.
Lady this: if she does not want people to be poorer, why did she not resign when she was in government?
The last Government put up council tax for 12 years in a row.
She, I think, was actually the Minister responsible for council tax and, in that year, what did she do?
She put it up.
Even now the Local Government Association Conservative Group manifesto states, on page 9, its current position: “We ask that that the Government removes the caps on Council Tax”.
Who is leading the charge?
Hampshire county council wanted a 15% hike; we said no.
Slough council wanted a hike; we said no.
Windsor and Maidenhead council—was Tory, now Lib Dem—wanted a hike, and we said no.
It is no surprise that council tax is £300 cheaper under Labour councils than under Tory councils.