I absolutely agree.
Public service transformation is not just about funding; it is about how to spend the money that the Northern Ireland  Executive has with the record £18.2 billion settlement.
Health is devolved, but we work together to share best practice and expertise, as well as recently agreeing £61 million of funding for multidisciplinary teams in GP surgeries.
We will work together to create an NHS fit for the future, and I will be meeting the Health Minister again in Northern Ireland this week.
Will the Minister ensure that any future discussions with Northern Ireland Ministers about public sector reform include the need for employment practices and procedures in many parts of the public sector to result in workforces that are more broadly representative of the working-age population?
The Unionist community has been under-represented in many sectors, including for many years in the public sector.
Workforce challenges are a huge part of public service transformation.
Workers across Northern Ireland do fantastic work in health, education and justice, and they need to be supported to do that and to be representative of the community.
Workforce issues are devolved, but they are important, and supporting our workforce, and working with unions to do so, is an important part of our working together in an active partnership with the Executive.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to inform the House about my recent trip to Ukraine.
It was at the invitation of Mr Ruslan Stefanchuk, Chairman of the Rada of Ukraine.
I joined Speakers from across Europe in a memorial service to mark the third anniversary of the Bucha massacre and to hear the important testimony of the survivors of that terrible atrocity.
I also delivered a speech at the Bucha summit, which was opened by the President of Ukraine.
I took with me specific cross-party messages of solidarity from the House of Commons, the Prime Minister, the Leader of the Opposition and the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
The appreciation felt by the people of Ukraine for the support offered by this House and the people of the United Kingdom should not be underestimated.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] Indeed, in his nightly address on Monday, President Zelensky explicitly expressed his thanks to the United Kingdom for the support provided to Ukraine.