My constituents are struggling to gain access to the healthcare that they desperately need, and one in six Scots is on a waiting list.
Meanwhile, in England, the waiting lists have been coming down for the last five months, and more than 2 million appointments have been made available.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the SNP-led Government should stop blaming everyone else for their failures, when Scotland’s broken public services are their responsibility?
My hon.
Friend is right.
More than 60,000 Scots have been stuck waiting for tests or treatment for over a year.
That is a 46% rise in one year.
I had to check that figure because it is so staggering.
Despite the backlog, nearly 50,000 fewer operations are being performed than were performed before the pandemic.
Let us compare that with the situation in England, where we have driven down waiting lists with more than 2 million extra appointments, and have scrapped NHS England to cut bureaucracy.
Scotland’s NHS is in desperate need of reform, but the Scottish National party has no strategy, no plans and no ideas.
Earlier, the Prime Minister seemed reluctant to answer a direct question about his jobs tax.
Next time he visits my constituency to enjoy the beautiful Buckinghamshire surroundings of Chequers, will he go five minutes up the road to Wendover, and explain to Kate Rumsey of Rumsey’s Handmade Chocolates why his choices and those of his Chancellor have led to a 15% increase in costs for that business?
As a result, it has already had to lay people off, and has had to reduce the hours of those whom it still employs.
Is that what he meant by growth?
I am happy to tell anyone why: the Conservatives left a £22 billion black hole.
They crashed the economy, they ruined our public services  and, as we mend and rebuild the country, they carp from the sidelines.
Even now, they cannot bring themselves to say that they do not want the investment, or that they will reverse the decisions we have made.
They actually agree with the decisions we have made, because we are clearing up the mess that they left.
One year ago yesterday, my constituent James Henderson was killed with other aid workers from World Central Kitchen when taking humanitarian aid into Gaza.
Jim’s family have told me that he would want confirmation from our Government that we are taking all conceivable steps to make sure that aid, power and supplies are safely returned to Gaza.
Could the PM confirm that he is doing all he can to ensure this?
Could he also confirm that he will continue to push for a full investigation into the death of Jim and the other British WCK workers to be completed, and for appropriate action to be taken?