I can absolutely assure my hon.
Friend of that fact; it has been at the core of the detail of this arrangement.
We will retain full control over Diego Garcia and have robust provisions to keep adversaries out, including unrestricted access to and use of the base for the United Kingdom and the United States, the buffer zone I mentioned, the comprehensive mechanism to prevent activity on the other islands threatening the base operations, and a ban on the presence of foreign security forces.
In all inhabited British overseas territories, British sovereignty flows, in my opinion, from the self-determination of the islanders and residents, and that is exactly the same with the British Indian Ocean Territory.
Even though the population is displaced, British sovereignty flows from Chagossians and their right to self-determination.
I ask the Minister again what efforts he has made to engage with the widest possible constituency of Chagossians, and whether he will give them a veto over this deal if it is not acceptable to them.
The islands are not permanently inhabited, and that is one of the fundamental issues in this situation.
As I have said repeatedly, we are doing many things that will be supportive of the Chagossian community, including engaging with a number of different groups.
There are a range of opinions, and I think it is important that we recognise that—there are, of course, some who support this deal.
We continue to put the interests of the Chagossians at the heart of this agreement.
Again, full details of that will be available in due course.
Yet again, the Opposition are attempting to sow division between the UK and its allies, and indeed to share our allies’ sensitive operational information.
If they succeed, it will have impacts on our strategically vital relationships with the US and India.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Opposition should consider waiting until the treaty is ready for scrutiny, rather than damaging our vital national interests in this way?
I completely agree—I think some of the speculation has been hugely unhelpful.
We have been hugely grateful for the close co-operation between the United Kingdom and the United States throughout the negotiations, and to the Administration for their extensive and detailed engagement, which has helped us to make progress on this deal.
As my hon.
Friend rightly points out, this agreement has been welcomed by other important partners, including India.
China has not welcomed it, of course, because it knows that the agreement will strengthen the presence of the United Kingdom and the United States in the region.
Today marks the 43rd anniversary of the start of the war in the Falklands—another key overseas territory.
Government Members keep referring to the non-binding advisory judgment as the basis of the Chagos deal.
If the Argentinians were to seek a similar judgment against the Falklands, would the Minister cede control?
I have to say, as I have said on a number of occasions in this House, that such attempts to make a false comparison are extremely unhelpful, and would not be welcomed by the residents of the Falkland Islands.
I can absolutely assure the hon.
Lady that our support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Falkland Islands is absolute and iron-clad.
I have made that clear on many occasions, as have the Minister for the Armed Forces and the Government as a whole.
Will the Minister confirm once again that any agreement that is made will return to this House for scrutiny?
My hon.
Friend asks a very important question.
As I have set out, there will be multiple opportunities for this House and the other place to consider this matter, not only through the normal Constitutional Reform and Governance Act process, but through the Bill that will be brought forward to make the necessary provisions under the treaty, which will go through the normal process.
Full scrutiny will be afforded to Members of this House.
The President and Vice-President of the United States have made clear their detestation of countries freeloading on defence and security matters.
We are not asking for the detail, we are not even asking for the quantum, but we do deserve to know in this House today whether the Government have asked the US to contribute to the base on Diego Garcia that is so vital to it—yes or no?
As I have said on a number of occasions, we welcome the US endorsement of the deal and of its strength, and we are grateful for the close  co-operation between the United Kingdom and the United States.
The full details will be provided when the treaty is presented to the House.