The Prime Minister of Mauritius says that he forced changes to the arrangements on the exercise of sovereign rights and the lease extension.
Will the Minister finally  confirm that the account given by the Prime Minister of Mauritius is correct?
He cannot simply stand here and avoid these questions.
The House does deserve answers; so do the British public—the taxpayers.
Put simply, the British Indian Ocean Territory should remain British, but Labour has prioritised appeasing the whims of left-wing lawyers and activists, rather than standing up for our national interests.
It is high time this deal was ditched.
Finally, there have been reports of implied military threats to the Chagos islands, a British sovereign territory—Labour Members may laugh, but this issue is fundamental to the security of our country—from the regime in Tehran.
The Iranian regime has threatened this space.
These purported military threats are important.
We understand that, in response to such reports, there has been an unusual build-up of American bomber aircraft and equipment-carrying aircraft at the joint UK-US military base on Diego Garcia.
This is very serious, and we clearly need to take these threats seriously.
We would welcome clarity about the Foreign Office’s diplomatic response on this issue.
On parliamentary accountability for this issue, I have answered no fewer than five urgent questions on the subject in the last six months, and I have answered 130 written questions from her and her colleagues.
We discussed this twice at Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office questions yesterday.
As I have repeatedly said, when the details of the treaty are finalised, it will be presented to this House, and there will be full scrutiny in the usual way.
I have explained that a Bill will be brought in to put into force the important aspects of the treaty that require legislative change, and there will of course be full debates, as there should be, in this House.
I simply reject the basis of much of the right hon.
Lady’s question.
As I have said repeatedly, if there was not a problem, why did the Government of whom she was a part start negotiations, and go through 11 rounds of them?
There is a significant challenge, and this deal is paramount for our national security.
We will not scrimp on our security, and it is important that the deal is put in place, as has been recognised by all the parties.
We will only agree a deal that is in the UK’s best interests and protects our national security.
Importantly, the right hon.
Lady asked about the security provisions to protect the base.
These will include full UK control over Diego Garcia, including control of the electromagnetic spectrum, and unrestricted access to and use of the base, as well as a buffer zone around Diego Garcia in which nothing can be built or put in place without our consent.
There will be a robust mechanism and review process to ensure that no activity on the outer islands can impinge on the base’s operations.
Indeed, there will be a prohibition on the presence of foreign security forces, either civilian or military, on the outer islands.
As the Prime Minister has said, the full details will of course be set out when the treaty is laid before Parliament, and that will include costs.
We will not scrimp on security.
The right hon.
Lady asked an important question in relation to Iran.
She will understand that for operational reasons and as a matter of policy, we do not offer comment or information relating to foreign nations’ military aircraft movements or operations.
The UK, in  close co-operation with our allies in the United States, closely monitors the security environment in the Indian ocean region to identify and mitigate any potential threats to the base on Diego Garcia.
I share the Minister’s bafflement at the Opposition’s utter obsession with this issue.
Can he confirm that under the agreement, the vital US-UK military base and its operations will be completely unaltered?
I share my hon.
Friend’s bafflement.
With so many issues going on in the world, I do question the number of times this one has been raised.
We have answered all the questions before.
We welcome the fact that the United States recognises the strength of the deal.
It is rooted in a rational and hard-headed determination to protect UK security and that of our allies.
Once signed, it will protect the base on Diego Garcia, which was under threat, and cement the presence of the UK and the US in the Indo-Pacific.