The Minister will have heard the feelings of the House, so can he provide us with the specific guarantees that the Foreign Secretary has secured in relation to preventing hostile states such as China from increasing their influence in the Chagos islands while we as a nation are still paying for them?
The hon.
Member has asked an important question, and I have answered it a number of times.
To reiterate, there will be robust security provisions in that regard.
That is why China has not welcomed this deal.
We will have full UK control with the United States over Diego Garcia.
We will have a buffer zone around Diego Garcia, and we will have a robust mechanism to ensure that no activity in the outer islands can impinge on the base’s operations.
Crucially, there will be a prohibition on the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands, either civilian or military.
What a disgrace this shabby Chagos deal is turning out to be.
Labour are not just giving away our national security; they are going to pay billions to Mauritius for the pleasure.
Instead of raising taxes on people and businesses in this country, why does the Minister not stand up for Britain and stop this deal?
We are standing up for Britain, by defending our security and that of our allies, and we will not scrimp on that.
It is critical to secure the operation of this base.
It is crucial to our interest and that of our allies.
As I have asked many times, if there was no problem, why did the hon.
Member’s former Government start negotiating over this?
This is perhaps a question for the Minister for the Armed Forces, who I notice is also on the Front Bench.
On the buffer zone, can the Minister state categorically that it will be sufficiently wide to protect all the capabilities on the base?
Yes.
Surrendering sovereign territory based on a non-binding legal judgment and forking out taxpayer money for the privilege—what kind of deal is that?
It is one done behind closed doors, evading the scrutiny of this House.
Does the Minister agree that this deal is a prime example of what happens when we have a Government of lawyers, for lawyers, rather than a Government for the British people?
I simply reject the premise of the hon.
Member’s question.
The Government inherited a situation where the effective operation of the base was under threat.
Claims that we negotiated this deal simply because of the 2019 International Court of Justice advisory opinion are wrong.
That is not the only challenge that we faced, as the previous Government knew.
Without a deal, Mauritius would have inevitably pursued a legally binding judgment, and there would be huge implications from that.
Not having a deal would affect the real-world operational functionality of the base, which is so crucial to our national security and that of our allies.