The Minister knows the regard I have for him, but when he says he has appeared at the Dispatch Box many times with this information, he knows that it has had nothing to do with giving us information—it means he was dragged here.
The question I want to ask—the No. 1 question, which was not covered in the detail he set out today—is how much will taxpayers pay for this settlement, and out of which budget will it come?
Can he guarantee that at no stage will it come from the defence budget increase?
As I said yesterday, a financial element over 99 years was crucial to protect the operation of such a vital base—we will not scrimp on our security.
Once the treaty is signed, it will be put before the House for scrutiny before ratification in the usual way, and that will include the costs.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks where the budgets are coming from.
The terms of the treaty and the associated funding arrangements are still being finalised.
Financial obligations, including departmental budgetary responsibilities, will, of course, be managed responsibly within the Government’s fiscal framework.
Does the Minister agree that it is vital the UK Government fulfil their obligations under international law?
Does he recognise that the January 2021 binding judgment of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea—[Interruption]—which was handed down under the Conservative Government, found that the UK’s current administration of the archipelago “constitutes a wrongful act…and…must be brought to an end as rapidly as possible”?
There does appear to be some confusion about the different legal judgments among the Opposition, as I can hear from the chuntering.
There are a number of ways in which the operation of the base was not sustainable.
We are very clear that without a deal—as the previous Government recognised—we would face serious, real-world operational  impacts on the base that would erode our ability to operate key frequencies vital for our own communications and to counter hostile states, affecting everything from overflight clearances to securing contractors, with consequential rocketing costs, declining investment and a degraded facility.
We were not willing to take that risk, and have therefore secured this base for our security and that of our allies.
The United States is busy increasing its presence on Diego Garcia, most recently with its B-2 Spirit aircraft, probably facing towards Iran.
Given that, how much will the Trump White House be contributing to the endowment that the Minister proposes we hand to Mauritius?
As I have set out on a number of occasions, and again today, when we present the treaty, we will present the costs and the arrangements, and the House will have the chance to scrutinise them.
We welcome the fact that the United States recognises the strength of this deal, which is because it is rooted in a rational and hard-headed determination to protect our security and that of the United States, and our presence in the Indo-Pacific.
As I said before, I am not going to get into operational discussions about matters at the base in relation to the presence of aircraft.