``John Mercer Langston Post Office Building'', H.R. 7417, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 135 West Spring Street in Titusville, Pennsylvania, as the ``Edwin L. Drake Post Office Building'', H.R. 7606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1087 Route 47 South in Rio Grande, New Jersey, as the ``Carlton H. Hand Post Office Building'', H.R. 7607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at Block 1025, Lots 18 & 19, Northeast Corner of US Route 9 South and Main Street in the Township of Middle, County of Cape May, New Jersey, as the ``George Henry White Post Office Building'', H.R. 7893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 Pickens Street in Marion, Alabama, as the ``Albert Turner, Sr. Post Office Building'', an original bill entitled, ``Taxpayer Resources Used in Emergencies Accountability Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal Advisory Committee Database Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Improving Senate Confirmation and Vacancy Oversight Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Modernizing Data Practices to Improve Government Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Eliminate Congressional Records Advisory Committee Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Northern Border Security Enhancement and Review Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Plum Island Preservation Act'', and an original bill entitled, ``Cross-Border Tunnel Report Act''.
SD-342 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Marcus D. Graham, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, and Julie Brinn Siegel, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
SR-328A Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SD-538 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine economic risks from housing unaffordability, focusing on the costs of inaction.
SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Carl Whitney Bentzel, of Maryland, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner, Thomas.
B. Chapman, of Maryland, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Lanhee J. Chen, of California, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board.
SR-253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 4425, to support democracy and the rule of law in Georgia, H.R. 8282, to impose sanctions with respect to the International Criminal Court engaged in any effort to investigate, arrest, detain, or prosecute any protected person of the United States and its allies, and the nominations of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be