Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Sam Pack of Dallas, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Sam has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
Sam was born in Stephensville, Texas, and attended Tarleton State College to study business.
As a young man, he worked at his family's gas station and convenience store, as well as Piggly Wiggly and Safeway.
Sam began working for the Ford Motor Credit Company in 1962 and rose up the ranks to become a Branch Manager.
As a result of his expertise in the automobile industry, he decided to pursue a career as a full time dealer.
In February of 1980, Sam purchased Lee Jarmon Ford, now known as the Sam Pack Auto Group.
For over 40 years, the Sam Pack Auto Group has continued to provide North Texas residents with excellent auto and customer care through a focus on employee success, personal growth, and community outreach.
For his outstanding entrepreneurship, Sam has received countless awards, including Business of the Year, Retailer of the Year, and the Lou Sartor Heart for the Community award.
Sam Pack Auto Group won Time Magazine's Quality Dealer of the Year in 1998 and was inducted into the Ford Motor Company's Hall.
In 2023, Sam earned an honorary doctorate's degree from Tarleton State University, and it has established the Dr. Sam Pack College of Business in his honor.
In addition to his professional career, Sam is involved with the Holy Angels nonprofit organization in Shreveport, Louisiana, to assist individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
For over 67 years, he has been married to his wonderful wife Carol.
They have two sons, Tony and Todd, and two grandchildren, Carly and Macy.
A devoted man of faith, Sam attends the Good Shepherd Episcopal Church in Dallas.
I am proud of the work Sam has accomplished, and I wish him continued success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Sam with the Patriot Award for his exceptional service to the people.