Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a loving husband, dedicated father, seasoned legislative affairs executive, and dear friend of longstanding, 
Mr. Scott Orr for his nearly 42 years working at Georgia Power.
Scott will be retiring after 42 years of working with the company and a reception will be held in his honor on September 18, 2024, at the Southern Company DC Office.
Scott Orr began working with Georgia Power in 1982 as an Industrial Marketing Engineer.
His work touched the areas of marketing, engineering, district sales, region sales, district operations, and customer service.
For the past 22 years, Scott has worked as Manager of Federal Legislative Affairs.
Throughout his work at Georgia Power, Scott has worked with over 40 members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation and their staffs over multiple Congresses, advising them on a myriad of issues relative to clean, safe, reliable, and affordable energy.
Scott has made a tremendous impact in the lives of millions of Georgians.
His work on the Energy Policy Act of 2005, led to the expansion of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4--America's first new nuclear unit in 30 years.
He has truly been a friend and fierce advocate for Georgia Power's 2.7 million customers.
Moreover, during storms and natural disasters, Scott has been a valued source of real time information for congressional offices and our constituents.
He also has been a valued resource in dealing with and navigating countless constituent service issues in mine and other Congressional offices.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Scott has paid his rent, and he has paid it well.
His service to numerous social and civic organizations includes serving as Vice Chair of the Georgia Youth Challenge Academy Foundation's Board of Directors, the Athens Chamber of Commerce and the Classic City Kiwanis Club.
Moreover, Scott has served on the boards of Southern Polytechnic State University Foundation; New Hope Enterprises; United Way of Northeast Georgia; the Athens YWCO, Athens Regional Medical Center Foundation, and the Foundation for Excellence in Public Education.
Scott has accomplished so much throughout his life and career, but none of it would have been possible without the Grace of God and the love and support of his wife, Benita; their three daughters, Whitney, Jessica, and Ansley and their families, including his five grandchildren.
Sir Winston Churchill often said: ``You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.''
Throughout his career, Mr. Scott Orr has made a concerted effort to serve as a mentor and give a helping hand to new employees at Georgia Power.
His legacy of uplifting others will be felt by all those whose lives he touched in the state of Georgia, in Washington, DC, and across this great Nation.
On a personal note, I am blessed to call Scott my friend.
It has been a pleasure working with Scott during my time in elective office.
He has become a close and trusted friend.
Scott never told me only what I wanted to hear; he always told me what he felt I needed to hear.
I will always cherish the fidelity of his friendship and the timbre of his character.