Representative of the United States on the Executive Board of the World Health Organization, Kristen Sarri, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, John N. Nkengasong, of Georgia, to be Ambassador-AtLarge for Global Health Security and Diplomacy, Elizabeth K. Horst, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, Troy Fitrell, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Seychelles, Kelly Adams-Smith, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Juan Carlos Iturregui, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic, Jennifer D. Gavito, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the State of Libya, Tracey Ann Jacobson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq, Joshua M. Harris, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, and Peter W. Lord, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, all of the Department.
S-116 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety To hold hearings to examine preparing workers for AI.
SD-562 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine FAA oversight of Boeing's broken safety culture.
SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine sexual assault in U.S. prisons two decades after the Prison Rape Elimination Act.
SD-226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 4444, to take certain mineral interests into trust for the benefit of the Crow Tribe of Montana, S. 4633, to provide for the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo Nation, the Hopi Tribe, and the San Juan Southern Paiute Tribe, S. 4643, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Zuni Indian Tribe in the Zuni River Stream System in the State of New Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt Lake, S. 4705, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Yavapai-Apache Nation in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims, and S. 4998, to approve the settlement San Jose Stream System in the State.
SD-628 3 p.m. Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Fiscal Responsibility and Economic Growth To hold hearings to examine providing small business relief from remote sales tax collection.
SD-215