Mr. McGARVEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to one of the great leaders in the history of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, former Governor and United States 
Senator Wendell H. Ford.
September 8, 2024, would have been 
Senator Ford's 100th birthday, and the day brought back many special memories for me, my family, and countless others whose lives were improved by his lifetime of service.
Born September 8, 1924, he is the first and only Kentuckian to ever serve as a state senator, lieutenant governor, governor, and United States senator.
His career started in 1965 as a state senator from his hometown of Owensboro, later saw him serve as the Commonwealth's 49th governor from 1971 to 1974, and concluded with his retirement in January 1999 after four consecutive terms in the United States Senate.
First elected to the Senate in December 1974, he served as Democratic whip from 1991 until his retirement.
In the Senate, he played a key role in shaping many key pieces of legislation, including the National Voter Registration Act, the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the National Energy Security Act of 1992, the Aviation Safety and Capacity Act of 1990, the Airport and Airways Capacity Expansion Act of 1987, the Age Discrimination Act in Employment Act Amendments of 1986, the Tobacco Reform Act of 1985, and the Energy Security Act of 1977.
As chairman of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, he led the Joint Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies for the inaugurations of President George H.W. Bush in 1989 and President William Jefferson Clinton in 1993 and 1997.
In reflecting on 
Senator Ford's long and accomplished career--and what it might mean for us today--three thoughts stand out:
First, he believed with all his heart that the sole purpose of government was to serve people, and he lived that philosophy every day in every office he held.
Second, he thought that politics was an honorable calling and that government at any level could not succeed unless individuals from all walks of life took time to become involved and engaged.
Third, coming from the state that produced Henry Clay, he recognized democracy could not work without compromise involving give and take from all sides.
He was fond of saying that there are no victories in Washington, only varying degrees of defeat.