Mike Reader, Labour’s candidate for Northampton South, shared with me the horrific experience of Stanley, who had severe abdominal pain and called an ambulance, only to be told it would take hours and to go to A&E. There, he was told to wait for assessment on a patio chair outside.
It was 3°.
Who is to blame?
I am very sorry to hear of the experience of that specific constituent.
Because of challenges that the NHS faces, particularly our urgent and emergency care services, almost a year ago we set out our urgent and emergency care recovery plan, to speed up care for people in A&E and reduce waits.
That plan is working.
We are seeing ambulances get to people quicker, and people treated quicker in A&E. That is not a one-off.
Why will the Minister not take a shred of responsivity for the chaos that her party has caused our NHS?
The last Labour Government achieved the shortest waits and the highest patient satisfaction in NHS history.
The Conservatives have delivered the longest waits and the lowest patient satisfaction in history.
Let us have that general election, so that she can defend her abysmal record to the public.
The hon.
Gentleman obviously was not listening to my answer; in fact, he was reading aloud.
Our urgent and emergency care plan is working.
It is reducing rates in A&E, and ambulances are getting to people faster.
Meanwhile, I am sorry to say that in the Labour-run NHS in Wales, more than half of patients are waiting more than four hours in A&E.
What steps is the Minister taking to ascertain the cause of ongoing problems affecting access to riluzole, the only licensed drug for the treatment of motor neurone disease in the UK, to provide clarity to the MND community and ensure that normal supply is restored as soon as possible?
We understand how worrying the possibility of medication shortages can be.
There is a supply issue with riluzole 50 mg tablets, caused by a supplier experiencing manufacturing issues.
We have a  well-established procedure in place to deal with such issues, and are working with the industry, the NHS and others to resolve it as quickly as possible.
We have contacted alternative suppliers and have secured sufficient volumes of stock.