Freedom of navigation is not a choice: it is a necessity, not least because of the impact there could be on all the people we are very fortunate to represent.
As such, as a point of principle it is fair for the Government to use proportionate and robust action to defend that right to freedom of navigation.
However, all of us in this Chamber need  to be mindful of the opponent that we face in this  regard.
The Houthis have been under almost constant bombardment from Saudi Arabia for the best part of  eight years; they did not get that message, so why are we so confident that they will get our message this time around?
That, of course, leads to the wider question: what is the ultimate strategy going forward, in relation not just to the Houthis but to the wider region?
Over the past week, we have seen missile strikes in Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Pakistan, Syria and, of course, Yemen.
In the meantime, we continue to see the complete destruction of Gaza and, of course, Hamas continue to obtain hostages.
We need to understand the Government’s strategy to calm waters not just in the Red sea but right across the region.
Surely that must begin with a ceasefire in Gaza.
As difficult as the situation is, to do nothing would also be a choice.
I believe that would be the wrong choice because it would be tantamount to ceding control of a global, economically vital shipping route to a dangerous militant group that is backed by Iran, and it would put innocent lives at risk.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that the military action should sit within a broader strategy, which hopefully he can tell from my statement we are engaged in on all fronts.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s point about Israel and Gaza, as I have made clear, no one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
An immediate pause is necessary to get aid in and hostages out—that is what we have been calling for.
The best outcome will be moving from that pause to a sustainable ceasefire, but, as I was clear about in my statement, a number of things need to happen for that to be possible, including the release of all the hostages by Hamas, Hamas no longer being in charge in Gaza and an agreement for the Palestinian Authority to return to Gaza to provide governance.
That is a conversation we have been having, and we will continue to push for that, because I believe that will be the best outcome and it is one that is widely supported by, I would imagine, everyone in this House.
Just to help the House, some people were late, and we are only going to run this for an hour, so please try to help each other by being as quick as you can.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.