Overnight, at my order, the Royal Air Force engaged in a second wave of strikes against Houthi military targets in Yemen.
We did so because we continue to see, for instance in intelligence, an ongoing and imminent threat from the Houthis to UK commercial and military vessels and to those of our partners in the Red sea and the wider region.
I told the House last week that we would not hesitate to respond if the acts continued, in order to protect innocent lives and preserve the freedom of navigation, and that is what we have done.
We acted alongside the United States, with support from Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands.
We acted on the same basis as on  11 January —fully in line with international law, in self-defence and in response to a persistent threat—and, and as with the first wave, the strikes were limited to carefully selected targets, with maximum care taken to protect civilian lives.
Attempting to counter every Houthi attack after it has been launched is simply not sustainable.
We have already shot down dozens of missiles and drones targeted at civilian vessels and at the Royal Navy, and the Houthis have conducted at least 12 further attacks on shipping since  11 January , including just last night, shortly before our strikes were conducted.
So we acted to further degrade their ability to mount such attacks.
Last week I gave the House our initial assessment of the first wave of strikes.
Since then, we have seen further evidence that they were successful in degrading the Houthis’ military capability.
Last night we hit two military sites just north of Sana’a, each containing multiple specific targets which the Houthis used to support their attacks on shipping.
I want to be very clear: we are not seeking a confrontation.
We urge the Houthis, and those who enable them, to stop these illegal and unacceptable attacks.
But if necessary, the United Kingdom will not hesitate to respond again in self-defence.
We cannot stand by and allow these attacks to go unchallenged.
Inaction is also a choice.
With that in mind, and given the persistent nature of the threat, it was important to update the House again today.
I listened carefully to right hon.
and hon.
Members last week, and we will give the House a chance for a full debate on our broader approach in the Red sea tomorrow.
We took extensive steps to address this threat to international security before taking military action.
We launched Operation Prosperity Guardian in December with over 20 other countries.
The international community issued repeated statements on  1 December ,  19 December ,  3 January  and  12 January  condemning the attacks and urging the Houthis to desist.
On  10 January , the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution demanding that they stop the attacks.
I think it is important to note that the internationally recognised Government of Yemen have also condemned the Houthis for their actions, accusing them of “creating a conflict for propaganda” serving only their own selfish ends.
As we saw in the House last week, Members are rightly keen to hear how this situation can be brought to an end.
The answer must include the vital right to self-defence when we are attacked, but that is only one part of our wider response, which I want to say more about today.
First, we are increasing our diplomatic engagement, because we recognise the deep concerns about, and the complexities of, the current situation.
I spoke to President Biden about these issues last night.
The Foreign Secretary will be in the region in the coming days, and he met his Iranian counterpart last week.
He made it clear that they must cease supplying the Houthis with weapons and intelligence and use their influence to stop Houthi attacks.
Secondly, we must end the illegal flow of arms to the Houthi militia.
We have intercepted weapons shipments in the region before, including components of the very missiles used by the Houthis today.
This brings home the importance of maritime security in the region, and it includes working closely with our allies and partners to disrupt and deter the supply of weapons and components.
Thirdly, we will use the most effective means at our disposal to cut off the Houthis’ financial resources, where they are used to fund these attacks.
We are working closely with the US on this and plan to announce new sanctions measures in the coming days.
Fourthly, we need to keep helping the people of Yemen, who have suffered so terribly as a result of the country’s civil war.
We will continue to deliver humanitarian aid and to support a negotiated peace in that conflict, not just because it is the right thing to do but because we need to show the people of Yemen that we have no quarrel with them—as the Yemeni Government understand.
This is our strategy and we will keep all other tools under close review as well.
I repeat that there is no link between our actions of self-defence in the Red sea and the situation in Israel and Gaza.
Those who make that link do the Houthis’ work for them, and I want to be clear that those here at home who glorify the Houthis’ attacks are glorifying terrorism, plain and simple.
They will be met with a zero-tolerance approach.
All of that said, I would like to address the situation in Israel and Gaza directly because it remains at the forefront of Members’ minds.
President Biden and I discussed this again yesterday and he shares my deep concerns about the situation and the terrible suffering and loss of civilian lives, so together we are working to establish a new aid route through the port of Ashdod.
The UK wants to see an end to the fighting in Gaza as soon as possible.
We are calling for an immediate humanitarian pause to get aid in and hostages out, as a vital step towards building a sustainable, permanent ceasefire without a return to destruction, fighting and loss of life.
To achieve that, Hamas must agree to the release of all hostages.
They can no longer be in charge of Gaza.
The threat from Hamas terror and rocket attacks must end, and an agreement must be in place for the Palestinian Authority to return to Gaza to provide governance, services and security.
That pathway to peace should unite the whole House.
I believe we are also united in support of a two-state solution.
Through all the complexity of the current situation, our principles hold firm: resolute in the face of threats, compassionate in support of those in need, and determined in maintaining stability, security and the rule of law.
That is what our allies and partners have come to expect from the United Kingdom, and that is what we stand for.
I commend this statement to the House.