The Minister will know that without our fantastic workforce, the NHS would not work.
I pay tribute to all those hard-working nurses in all our hospitals and care centres, including at St Thomas’ Hospital in my constituency.
Does the Minister recognise that in addition to recruiting staff we have to look at retaining staff, who talk about the workload, their mental wellbeing and the fact that the cost of living is having a big impact on them?
Does the Minister agree that the Government need to come forward with a wide-ranging plan on addressing workforce planning, pay, training, staff wellbeing and retention?
I completely agree with the hon.
Lady, which is why this Government became the first Government ever to introduce a long-term workforce plan.
Retention is one of the key pillars of the long-term workforce plan, and we are already seeing that deliver the result of keeping more staff in our NHS.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the level of accessibility to dental appointments on urgent dental and oral surgery services.
What recent steps she has taken to increase capacity in NHS dental care.
What progress she has made on introducing a dentistry recovery plan.
I am determined to ensure that everybody who needs NHS dental care can receive it.
We have already implemented a package of reforms to improve access and provide fairer remuneration for dentists.
That has had an effect, with 1.7 million more adults being seen, 800,000 more children being seen and a 23% increase in NHS activity in the past year.
We know we need to do much more, and our dentistry recovery plan will be published shortly, setting out a big package of change.
I listened carefully to what the Minister said.
That change has not come to Oxfordshire, for sure—it is in a dire state.
An Oxford resident wrote to me saying that when his NHS practice closed, he rang a dozen others across the county.
Each one said they were offering NHS services but, in fact, they were not; they were only offering private care.
In this cost of living crisis, people simply cannot afford that.
As a result, they are waiting in A&E rather than getting treatment, and that ends up in their having oral surgery.
What is the Minister doing now to improve the situation in Oxfordshire and across the country?
I am incredibly sympathetic to what the hon.
Lady says.
In fact, in Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire West integrated care board, the number of adults seen by an NHS dentist rose in the 24 months to June 2023 from 448,000 to 485,000, with a similar increase in the percentage of children seen.
The situation is improving, but I completely agree with her that we need to do more, and we will be coming forward shortly with a big package of dental recovery plan reforms.