This week the Riverside unit in my constituency, which treats young people with severe eating disorders, had to close temporarily because of concerns about its ability to provide safe care.
What are the Government doing to ensure that young people who, in many cases, go through mental health crises as a result of their eating disorders receive the care that they need as close to home as possible?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we are investing more in mental health services for young people in particular and, indeed, for those with eating disorders.
We are seeing more young people more quickly than ever before, but if the hon.
Lady wishes to raise a local issue with me, I shall be happy to meet her and discuss it.
The opening of a new block of operating theatres next month marks the latest investment in Torbay Hospital, but it is, of course, a prelude to the major rebuilding work.
When does the Secretary of State plan to deliver the next update on the progress of that project?
Hear, hear!
I am delighted that the House is as happy about that expansion as the hon.
Gentleman and I are.
I will meet him to go through his plans, because I know how carefully he has campaigned for this important asset in his constituency.
In the early hours of Friday morning, I arrived at the Royal Lancaster Infirmary with my sick son in an ambulance.
As we walked past trolleys in the corridor, the nurse who was treating him said, “Our A&E unit is too small.
We were promised a new hospital four years ago, but I think they have forgotten about us.”
Can the Secretary of State tell that nurse, my constituent, whether we have indeed forgotten about that new hospital?
The hon.
Lady is aware of my knowledge not only of that hospital, but of her local area.
I will look into this matter for her, because I want to ensure that the good people of Lancashire, Mr Speaker, are looked after as we would all hope and expect.
I look forward to seeing that in Chorley.
I warmly welcome what my right hon.
Friend said last week about encouraging research on lobular breast cancer, and I look forward to meeting the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , shortly to work out how we can operationalise what is her clear ambition.