Cancer Research UK has found that too much UV radiation is the third biggest cause of cancer across these isles.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that cost is a barrier for people wishing to protect their skin from the sun, and will she commit to having conversations with Cabinet colleagues to remove VAT on sun protection products, which will help protect NHS budgets and ultimately save lives?
We see that as part of a much wider campaign to ensure that we treat the sun safely, by reducing the amount of time we spend in the sun, particularly during peak hours of the day in summertime.
I keep all these discussions in play with my Treasury colleagues.
Rural constituencies such as mine are seeing a growing number of dentists withdraw from NHS provision.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that vital dental care is provided for everyone, particularly in rural communities?
My hon.
Friend is a great advocate for her community, and I pay tribute to her for working with determination to see more access to dentistry in Cornwall.
She is right to do so.
We have a plan, which is almost ready.
I urge her to wait just a little longer.
She, like all colleagues across the House, will see significant and real measures to improve access to dentistry.
NHS staff have expressed concerns about the Anaesthesia Associates and Physician Associates Order 2024.
Can the Minister tell me if resource will be needed for AAs and PAs to be properly supervised by doctors on a one to one ratio?
Will he meet trade unions and professional bodies as a matter of urgency to clarify the Government’s position on this hugely important public health issue?
PAs and AAs are an essential part of the reform piece to the long-term workforce plan.
I note that the order was passed by the House last night without a Division, so I am grateful for that cross-party support.
We are working with the General Medical Council, the British Medical Association and others to ensure that the regulations are fit for the purpose.
We look forward to the GMC launching its consultation on the fine print of the regulations very soon.
As my constituents have to travel to Tamworth, Burton or Derby for diagnostic tests, can I encourage the Secretary of State to look favourably on a bid for a new much-needed community diagnostic centre in South Derbyshire?