I was delighted that one of my first visits in the new year was to Northern Ireland to see some of the life sciences companies, particularly those based around Queen’s University Belfast.
That sector in Northern Ireland is flourishing.
We are keen to support companies working in research and bring together world-leading universities such as Queen’s with the private sector and the NHS to deliver improved outcomes for all patients across every part of the United Kingdom.
What steps she is taking to improve healthcare outcomes for patients with sickle cell disease.
I know this is an important issue for the hon.
Lady in her role as chair of the sickle cell and thalassaemia all-party parliamentary group.
We are working hard to provide the best possible care to those living with sickle cell disease.
That includes boosting Ro subtype blood donation numbers, identifying improvements in clinical pathways and delivering world-leading treatments, such as the new blood-matching genetic test announced by NHS England yesterday, which will reduce the risk of side effects and offer more personalised care.
I congratulate NHS England on the launch of the new blood-matching genetic test for sickle cell patients, but it has been more than two years since the “No One’s Listening” report, which made the key recommendation that sickle cell patients receive pain relief within 30 minutes of attending accident and emergency.
Why is that still not happening for sickle cell patients, and would the Minister like to meet me and the Sickle Cell Society to discuss how to achieve that?
I of course would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady and the Sickle Cell Society to look at how we can improve patient experiences and ensure that all patients benefit from timely access to the medications they need.
I am delighted that she welcomes yesterday’s announcement.
It is an example of how the NHS can bring forward world-firsts and is leading the way to transform patient care and improve patient outcomes.
What steps her Department is taking to increase access to urgent and emergency care.
Almost a year ago, we published our urgent and emergency care recovery plan.
The NHS has already halved the waiting times for category 2 ambulances and brought down waits in A&E.
We are determined to cut NHS waits, and our plan is working.
Rugby is one of the fastest growing places in the UK.
While we have had additional services introduced at our local Hospital of St Cross, my constituents have insufficient accident and emergency provision.
Thousands of local residents have signed my petition for doctor-led accident and emergency care at the Hospital of St Cross.
I know it is a matter for the integrated care board, but will the Minister give her support?
As a previous Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  and the previous Secretary of State have visited in the past few months, and I invite this Minister to do likewise.