My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the challenges right across our SEND system—a system that the Secretary of State herself has described as “lose, lose, lose.”
School leaders know that this is a disaster, yet earlier this month the Department updated us all on the work of the workload reduction taskforce.
It is not the work of teachers, the taskforce clarifies, to investigate a pupil’s absence.
Teachers may do it—it is vital work that needs doing—but it also depends on our amazing support staff.
Labour’s plan to tackle the attendance crisis starts with our smallest children.
It includes a childcare system modernised from the end of parental leave to the end of primary school, high-quality early education, a focus on life chances for children—not just on work choices for parents—and high and rising standards right from the start, with early language interventions to identify and remove barriers to learning, and a determination to reform the SEND system, to put money behind children, not lawyers, and to tackle issues before they hold children back, with a new focus on primary numeracy so that children love maths at six, never mind at 16—excellence for everyone; not for some of our children but for all of them.
There will be free breakfast clubs in every primary school, because it is about the club, not just the breakfast.
Every day, every child, every life and every start.
There will be 6,500 new qualified teachers and a new national voice for our support staff.
Ofsted will be reformed and improved.
We will end the high-stakes, low-information culture, with annual checks for attendance, safeguarding and off-rolling.
There will be mental health councillors in our secondary schools and new community hubs outside them, joining up the information that we have on our children so that every child can be supported between schools and services—every issue caught, shared and addressed.
And the cause for which we asked for time today?
A law to register and count the children who are out of school.
Labour is clear on how we will fund that package and the change that we need: by ending the tax breaks for private schools and the mega-rich.
We will invest in what we most believe in: our children and their futures, excellence for everyone, high and rising standards, and a Britain where background is no barrier to opportunity.
The legislation that we will introduce next month, with the House’s permission if today’s motion is agreed to, will be simple: it will be part 3 of the Government’s own Schools Bill from 2022, which provided for a register of children not in school.
That is nothing that Conservative Members would not have been prepared to vote for had it been tabled by their own Ministers, so there can be no reason or excuse for Conservative Members who care  about this issue not to support the motion today and the Bill next month.
They can choose their party or our children.
I commend the motion to the House.
This Government are committed to giving every child in this country a first-class education and every opportunity to make the most of their abilities.
Although there is a small number of children who, for good reasons, need to be educated elsewhere, we want all children to be at school every day.
That is key for their life chances.
For children who are home educated—a right that parents have, and we do not question that most do a very good job—it is vital that we know that the education they are provided with is suitable and that the children are safe.
As my right hon.
Friend the Schools Minister said, the motion conflates two separate things: the issue of persistent absence, which is when pupils miss 10% or more of their lessons, and the topic of home education for those who are not in school.
To take persistent absence first, the year the Government came to power, persistent absence was at 16.3%.
We got that down to 10.5% in 2015-16, and it averaged 10.9% in the five years prior to the pandemic.
It was during the pandemic that it rose significantly again to 22.5%.
The Government are taking wide-ranging action to tackle the matter.
We have already established 14 attendance hubs across 800 schools, reaching 400,000 pupils.
This term, we are more than doubling the number of hubs so that nearly 2,000 schools will be supported.
We are rolling out an attendance mentor pilot that we had in five areas to a further 10 areas, and that programme will reach around 10,000 children.
We have deployed 10 expert attendance advisers to support local authorities and school trusts.
We have developed a data tool that helps schools to understand the local trends and target their support, and we have strengthened our guidance to local authorities.
For the first time, schools are expected to have a member of the senior leadership team responsible for attendance.
Evidence suggests that the strategy is working.
There were 380,000 fewer persistently absent pupils in the past academic year, and in the last academic term overall absence was down to 6.8%, from 7.5% in the autumn term the year before.
That is all backed by a national communications campaign to remind parents that “moments matter, attendance counts”.
The campaign aims to encourage parents to realise that their child should attend school if they have a mild cough or cold and no fever or vomiting, and that mild anxiety can be made worse by a prolonged period of absence.
The campaign has been running across social media and the radio.
We are grateful to Sir Chris Whitty, the chief medical officer, for his letter reassuring school leaders that children should generally attend school if they have mild respiratory illnesses, because it is good for their wellbeing and a host of other things.
Of course, mental health challenges underpin some of the absence—something raised by  the hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle (Emma Hardy) , among others.
That is why we have been rolling out  mental health support teams, which now cover 44% of pupils in schools and colleges and will cover 50% of those pupils by March 2025.
We are offering all state schools and colleges a grant to train a senior mental health lead, and we are pleased that 14,400 schools and colleges have already taken that up, covering seven schools in 10 for all state secondary schools.
There is then the related but separate issue of a register for those who are home educated.
I should declare that I served on the Education Committee when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Robert Halfon)  chaired it, and we produced a report that recommended a register for those not in school.
That remains a recommendation of the Education Committee.
That is the register that was in the Schools Bill referred to in the motion and for which we remain committed to legislating.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond)  has been doing great work to champion this issue, and I look forward to the outcome of the Second Reading of her Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders)
Bill on  15 March .
Various points were raised in this debate and I will try and cover as many as possible.
The hon.
Members for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders), for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke) and for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) raised issues about the SEND system.
Our SEND and AP improvement plan is designed to address the issues that they raised about children being placed in suitable provision and in a timely manner.
We should not have children out of school for prolonged periods because they are unable to get their needs met.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford) , who I think is currently at her Westminster Hall debate, has introduced an important Bill, the School Attendance (Duties of Local Authorities and Proprietors of Schools) Bill, and I look forward to seeing its progress through the House.
The hon.
Member for Wirral South (Alison McGovern)  raised the topic of breakfast clubs, which we are funding in 2,700 schools.
Many schools already had a breakfast club, of course, and have had for some time, but we are funding 2,700.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double)  raised the issue of fixed penalty notices.
Our guidance is clear that there should be a “support first” approach, but penalties are there to prevent court action from taking place.
I should say that 89% of the fixed penalty notices issued are for unauthorised term-time holidays, but I am happy to pick up that discussion with him.
My final point is this: I have watched the Labour party try to reinvent itself as the champion of children being in school, and many Labour Members have raised issues about the pandemic, which is where many of the problems stem from.
However, I remember their actions during that pandemic.
I remember how long it took them to say that schools were safe.
I remember the then Prime Minister standing here every week asking the Leader of the Opposition to say that schools were safe, and him not doing so.
I remember that when one of Labour’s union allies produced a statement saying that teachers should not be teaching a full timetable nor routinely marking work during that period, Labour said nothing to challenge it.
When that same union teamed up with other unions to produce a 200-point list of things they wanted to see before schools returned, the Labour party said nothing  to challenge them.
What was Labour’s big idea during the pandemic?
To go against the vaccination advice of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation, which was that we should vaccinate by age, and instead vaccinate teachers—no other profession, just teachers—whatever their age.
Why?
Because the unions wanted that to happen.
In addition to the motion conflating two separate things, and in addition to this problem being worse in Labour-run Wales, like all problems are, we will not allow the Labour party to reinvent the history of their behaviour under this Leader of the Opposition.
They cannot blame the last Leader of the Opposition for that; it was under this Leader of the Opposition,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) .
It was this Government who did all they could to get children back to school during the pandemic, and it is this Government who are doing all they can to get children back to school now.
Question put.
I will give way to the hon.
Gentleman in a moment, because he knows more about this than many who have spoken.
The reality is that Tata told us that it was looking to pull out completely from the United Kingdom.
If the loss of 3,000 jobs is devastating—it certainly is—how much more devastating would 5,000 be, and 12,500 jobs in the supply chain?
It was a simple choice for the Government—not a good one—between seeing 3,000 people lose their jobs or around 17,500 people lose their jobs, and possibly even more.
That is why the Government committed to pay £500 million towards an arc furnace.
Let me make one other thing clear: the Government will not pay a penny to Tata until that arc furnace is built.
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s position and he is right to stand up for his workers.
This is the reality of the situation: that plan has not persuaded Tata.
Tata has not said that it is credible.
Tata has said to me that it could not go along with that plan, because although one of the blast furnaces—blast furnace No. 4—has a number of years to run, it would still come to the end of the life of the coke plant and the sintering plant, so if Tata went ahead with that proposal, it would keep open one blast furnace, which is still losing a lot of money, and then have to start importing all the coke and all the sinter that it would need for it.
There is then the technical problem in that Tata says it would be very difficult indeed to build an arc furnace next to a working blast furnace containing molten steel.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman can shake his head, but that is what it is saying to us.
That is what it has said to us as a Government and that is why we find ourselves in the difficult, unpleasant and awful situation of having to choose between 3,000 people losing their jobs and 17,500 people losing their jobs.
That is why we came to the decision we did.
My hon.
Friend is pushing against an open door.
He may be aware that in 2023 we made some legislative changes to give the General Dental Council more flexibility to expand the registration options open to international dentists, tripling the capacity of three sittings of the overseas registration exam from August 2023 and increasing the number of sittings for the part 2 exam in 2024 from three to four.
That will create an additional 1,300 places overall for overseas dentists aiming to work in the UK.
We will also be bringing forward measures to enable dental therapists to work at the top of their training, which will expand the capacity.
He is right that reform of the UDA is also required and we will be bringing forward our plans shortly.
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s position and he is right to stand up for his workers.
This is the reality of the situation: that plan has not persuaded Tata.
Tata has not said that it is credible.
Tata has said to me that it could not go along with that plan, because although one of the blast furnaces—blast furnace No. 4—has a number of years to run, it would still come to the end of the life of the coke plant and the sintering plant, so if Tata went ahead with that proposal, it would keep open one blast furnace, which is still losing a lot of money, and then have to start importing all the coke and all the sinter that it would need for it.
There is then the technical problem in that Tata says it would be very difficult indeed to build an arc furnace next to a working blast furnace containing molten steel.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman can shake his head, but that is what it is saying to us.
That is what it has said to us as a Government and that is why we find ourselves in the difficult, unpleasant and awful situation of having to choose between 3,000 people losing their jobs and 17,500 people losing their jobs.
[Official Report, Correction,  1 February 2024 , Vol. 744, c. 14MC.]
That is why we came to the decision we did.