Labour said that we will judge further action against the Houthis on a case-by-case basis, so let me be clear that we back this targeted action to reinforce maritime security in the Red sea.
The Houthi attacks must stop.
They are designed to destabilise us, so we must stand united and strong.
They bring danger to ordinary civilians working hard at sea, so we must protect those civilians.
And they aim to disrupt the flow of goods, food and medicines, so we must not let them go unaddressed.
The professionalism and bravery of those serving on HMS Diamond and flying RAF
Typhoons are both totally accepted and completely remarkable.
Without them, Britain cannot be a force for good in the world.
This is, of course, the second set of strikes in which the UK has participated.
The stated aim of the first set was to deter and degrade Houthi capability, but we now know that their attacks have continued.
While we do not question the justification for action, it is right that the House hears more about its effectiveness.
Labour, of course, recognises that strikes can reduce threat without eliminating it, and we recognise that military action is just one component of a wider diplomatic strategy.
None the less, I ask the Prime Minister to set out his confidence that these strikes will be effective in reducing Houthi capabilities.
As the situation has evolved, although we of course understand the clear legal basis for these actions, will the Prime Minister commit to restating and republishing the Government’s legal position?
Alongside the UK and the US, other countries have provided non-operational support for these strikes and maritime protection in the Red sea.
Many more support the United Nations Security Council resolution that utterly condemns the Houthi attacks.
What work is being done to hold together that coalition and, if possible, to enlarge it?
The action that the UK takes must draw on the support of all those who care about international law.
Given the special role that the UK plays in Yemen, will the Prime Minister set out the concrete steps, in addition to those in his statement, that we are taking to help the people of Yemen who have suffered terribly as a result of that country’s civil war?
The international community cannot allow itself to be divided, which is exactly what the Houthi backers in Tehran would love to see.
On that note, can the Prime Minister update the House on whether his Government have given further consideration to the proscription of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
We need every tool at our disposal to disrupt IRGC activities, and we must show Iran that it cannot pursue its ends by destabilising the entire region.
Like the Prime Minister, I totally reject the Houthi claims that attacking ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
These attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people.
What is needed in Gaza is a humanitarian truce now, a   sustainable ceasefire to stop the killing of innocent civilians, space for the return of all hostages, urgent humanitarian relief and a decisive step towards a two-state solution.
Palestinian statehood is the inalienable right of the Palestinian people; it is not in the gift of a neighbour.
Does the Prime Minister agree that a secure Israel alongside a viable Palestinian state is the only path to a just and lasting peace?
We must stop those who sow division; we must do what we can to disrupt and deter the Houthis; and we must stay united and steadfast in defence of our values, our security and our right to self-defence.
Labour will always act in the national interest, and we provide our full support for these necessary and proportionate strikes.