The Secretary of State has said that preparation for winter started last January, but 54% of A&E departments were still rated inadequate or needing improvement in December, exacerbating the winter crisis.
What will she do differently this year to ensure that we do not have another winter crisis in 2024-25?
Again, the plan that we laid out last year is having a real impact at local level on the services being deployed through our accident and emergency services.
We have seen discharge rates improving, for example.
We appreciate that there can be local differences, but the importance that we put on maintaining that flow through hospitals is critical to ensuring that the waiting lists and waiting times that the hon.
Lady describes are reduced.
However, I gently remind the Labour party that it has been running the NHS in Wales for some time now, and it is a great shame that the good people of Wales—[Interruption.]
The good people of Wales are waiting longer for their treatment—[Interruption.]
They are almost twice as likely— Order.
I am a little bothered, because we have a long way to go on the Order Paper.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
We cannot discuss winter pressures in the NHS without acknowledging workforce shortages.
The Secretary of State is having to contend with new immigration policies from her Cabinet colleagues that prevent dependants from coming to the UK, meaning that we are asking people to come and care for our loved ones while they leave behind theirs.
I imagine that she is frustrated that  that is now another barrier to recruiting staff to our health and care sectors.
Has she expressed those frustrations to her Cabinet colleagues?
I genuinely want to work with the Scottish Government, because I am troubled, to put it bluntly, that Scotland has some of the worst health outcomes in western Europe.
It has the worst level of drug death rates in Europe, the highest alcohol death rates in 14 years, and there was a fall in life expectancy for three years in a row.
We offered to allow Scottish patients to receive lifesaving operations in England, but sadly, that offer has been declined.
I remain genuinely willing to work with the Scottish Government to help them with their health service.
What steps she is taking to increase access to child and adolescent mental health services.
We are investing an extra £2.3 billion a year to expand mental health services in England, with the aim of enabling 2 million more people to access mental health support, including 345,000 more children and young people.
Many constituents in Tamworth are coming to me in desperate need of support for their children.
Those constituents include Kate, whose daughter is at crisis point and has been without a psychiatrist since November; Roger, who has been waiting 18 months for an autism referral for his daughter; and Jess, who has been waiting for an attention deficit hyperactivity disorder assessment for her son.
Will the Minister explain what action she is taking so that children, parents and families in my constituency can get the support they need?
Through the investment we are putting in, particularly in the hon.
Lady’s local area, there are a number of initiatives to help support children and young people with their mental health.
The Sandbox scheme, which is a funded NHS service, supports those in the south Staffordshire area; Malachi provides family support across Tamworth and east Staffordshire; and Combined Wellbeing, which is an online resource, covers north Staffordshire.
There is also the Family Wellbeing Service, Action for Children for those aged five to 18 with mild to moderate mental health needs, and the Staffordshire Emotional Health and Wellbeing Service for those aged five to 18.
I would recommend that the hon.
Lady’s constituents look up those services, because we are funding them to improve mental health care for children in her local area.
The agony and damage of undiagnosed and untreated mental health conditions is nowhere more acute than in rural areas, where we see an epidemic of silent suffering.
The Norfolk and Suffolk NHS Foundation Trust has long struggled with a series of management problems.
I am sure the Minister has seen the recent report highlighting that between 2019 and 2022, we saw over 8,500 avoidable deaths—that is nearly 45 a week.
Will she agree to meet  me, other Norfolk and Suffolk MPs, and those affected to look at what is really going on here and make sure that we turn that trust into a beacon of the best mental health services, rather than the worst?