Access to urgent and emergency care can be greater facilitated when greater protection is offered to staff, particularly the many who suffer attacks in emergency departments at hospitals across the United Kingdom—often by people who are intoxicated.
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
The safety of our staff in the national health service is important, including those in urgent and emergency care departments, as well as the ambulance services.
He is absolutely right to point that out, and it is never acceptable for anyone, including patients, to be violent towards staff.
What steps she is taking to increase access to mental health services.
We are investing a record amount in NHS mental health services, committing £2.3 billion extra a year for the expansion and transformation of services in England, which will enable 2 million more people to access mental health support.
If only the reality was that rosy.
The entire sector is calling out for reform of the Mental Health Act 1983.
With our mental health services in crisis, why did the Government scrap the long-awaited  and overdue mental health Bill, which could have started to alleviate pressures on trusts by reducing the numbers of people detained inappropriately and making services more fit for purpose?
Is it not true that we need a Labour Government to take action on this issue?
It is going to be a long year.
I have news for the hon.
Gentleman, because we have a plan and it is working.
Our investment of £143 million into crisis support is showing early evidence of reducing admissions—admissions are 8% lower.
With the crisis telephone services, which are available 24/7, we have admissions down 12%.
More importantly, detentions under the Mental Health Act are 15% lower.
We have a plan, and it is working.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the number of people with a learning disability in in-patient units.
We have made progress against our target to reduce learning disability and autism in-patient numbers in England by 50% since 2015.
For people with a learning disability without an autism diagnosis, there has been a 58% net reduction; for people with a learning disability who are autistic, the net reduction is 35%.