As my hon.
Friend will know, this is a local matter, and it is for his ICB to determine whether it wishes to support the excellent pilot proposal   for overseas dental students in Clacton.
At the same time, it needs to ensure that its actions are compliant with current legislation and within the delegation agreement with NHS England.
I have just written to my hon.
Friend about that, and my letter should address his concerns, but of course I would be happy to see him again if he has any further questions.
We were promised “before the summer”, we were promised “after the summer”, we were promised “before Christmas”, we were promised “soon” and now we have been promised “shortly”.
The reality is that Labour has a plan and the Government have not.
In York, we cannot get an NHS dentist either.
Blossom Family Dental Care is just handing back its contract.
My constituents have nowhere to go.
What is the Minister going to do to ensure that my constituents can access NHS dentistry?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , I absolutely understand the challenge for some people.
The situation has improved over the last year.
Since the covid pandemic, where almost every dentist had to stop working altogether, we have not seen the recovery we want.
We are putting in plans—not a paper ambition like the one Labour has put forward, but significant reforms that will enable many more people to be seen by NHS dentists.
I say gently to  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  that a recent Health Service Journal article states that Humber and North Yorkshire ICB “have indicated in board papers that dentistry funding will be squeezed to help them balance their books.”
I encourage her to talk to her ICB about that too.
For new patients, accessing an NHS dentist in Peterborough is almost impossible.
Should a new medical centre wish to establish a new NHS dental practice, doing so would require flexibility in units of dental activity rates and the ability to recruit dentists from overseas.
Would the Minister give that effort her enthusiastic support and encourage NHS bosses to do the same?
My hon.
Friend is pushing against an open door.
He may be aware that in 2023 we made some legislative changes to give the General Dental Council more flexibility to expand the registration options open to international dentists, tripling the capacity of three sittings of the overseas registration exam from August 2023 and increasing the number of sittings for the part 2 exam in 2024 from three to four.[Official Report,  23 February 2024 , Vol. 745, c. 14MC.]
(Correction) That will create an additional 1,300 places overall for overseas dentists aiming to work in the UK.
We will also be bringing forward measures to enable dental therapists to work at the top of their training, which will expand the capacity.
He is right that reform of the UDA is also required and we will be bringing forward our plans shortly.