As I pointed to in my statement, multiple statements have been made by a wide coalition of countries from around the world in support of action.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman can rest assured that we are continuing to expand that coalition of support, because the security of navigation and shipping impacts all countries, wherever they might be, not just in the Red sea.
All of us have seen the consequences of the war in Ukraine on energy bills across the European continent and beyond, so I think people are very alive to the interconnectedness of the global economy and the importance of protecting freedom of navigation everywhere.
On the legal advice, my understanding was that we had published or were imminently about to publish a summary of the legal advice—I can happily give the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that confirmation.
I can also confirm to him that the basis for action remains the same as it was last time, but an update to that effect has been published or will shortly be published by the Attorney General.
Lastly, I will touch on the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s broader point.
He is right to highlight the malign influence of Iran in the region.
Obviously, we do not comment on ongoing decisions or processes relating to the proscription of organisations, but he can rest assured that we are alive to the risk and working closely with our allies, particularly the United States and our European allies, to jointly work out the most effective way of countering that influence.
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary spoke to his counterpart last week, and we will continue to use all measures at our disposal to protect ourselves.
We passed the National Security Act 2023 here in the UK and have already sanctioned the IRGC in its entirety.
More generally, on the specific action we have taken, I again thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his support.
We have taken limited, proportionate and, I believe, necessary action in self-defence.
We will always reserve the right to do that to protect innocent lives and freedom of navigation.
Our desired outcome, of course, is for the Houthis to desist and to de-escalate the situation.
What they are doing is unacceptable and illegal, and the onus should be on them to stop it.
But we will use all levers at our disposal, including diplomacy and sanctions, to achieve that objective.