What recent progress her Department has made on supporting the timely discharge of patients from hospital into social care.
Discharging people on time is better for them and frees up hospital beds.
We are changing how our health system works to do that: joining up health and social care and care transfer hubs; helping people to recover at home, with more than 10,000 new virtual ward beds; and investing in social care.
And it is working.
Last month, delayed discharges were down 9% compared with the end of December 2022 despite almost 1,000 extra urgent admissions to hospitals every day in December.
Nearly one in six beds in my local healthcare trust in Buckinghamshire continues to be occupied by patients fit for discharge.
A recent King’s Fund report found that the Government’s current practice of providing one-off funding to reduce delay, while welcome, comes with insufficient advance notice to allow for effective planning.
What steps is the Minister’s Department taking to ensure the best use of this funding?
One reason we distributed discharge funding back in April last year was to give more advance notice to organisations, so that they could put in place what is needed to speed up discharges.
I say to the hon.
Lady that our plan is working.
That is why, in her own trust, discharges at the end of December were down by a third compared with the previous year.
I note the progress that my hon.
Friend referenced, but delayed discharges are still a major issue.
Patient flow through a hospital is a critical factor, especially at the front door through emergency departments.
We know the role that electronic bed management systems can play in helping that flow.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that more hospitals roll out that technology?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I know how much work he did when he had oversight of urgent and emergency care services, which included his contribution to our urgent and emergency care recovery plan that was published almost a year ago.
That plan included a host of steps to improve the flow through hospitals, including investment in bed management systems, as he described.
The plan is working, which is why we are improving the flow through hospitals and seeing reductions in delayed discharges.
What steps she is taking to increase the recruitment of qualified nurses from overseas.
NHS data shows that we have delivered early on our manifesto commitment to have an extra 50,000 NHS nurses, with the number of nurses working in our NHS increasing from around 301,000 in 2019 to 357,000 today.
That has been achieved through boosting training and education routes, ethically recruiting internationally and taking actions to improve retention.
Measures such as the health and care visa introduced in 2020 support international recruitment.