Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 200th anniversary of The Republican newspaper in Springfield, Massachusetts.
For 200 years, The Springfield Republican has been the standard for journalistic excellence in western Massachusetts and throughout the nation.
Since its founding by the Bowles family in 1824, the paper has been in continuous circulation for two centuries--a feat that few publications can attest to.
Over the course of my career in public life, I have had the privilege have transformed how we receive the news.
This includes the likes of David Starr, Larry McDermott, and most recently George Arwady.
All have played a prominent role in the newspaper's success in an ever-changing world.
I've also had the pleasure of working with exemplary editors, including Dick Garvey, Wayne Phaneuf, and Cynthia Simison.
Now, Larry Parnass continues their legacy.
Their commitment to journalistic integrity has upheld the newspaper's reputation as an outlet for reliable reporting.
Chronicling the triumphs and challenges that have shaped our communities with sincerity and respect, they have made The Republican a generational household name.
The paper's story started with two things: a flat-bottomed barge and a printing press.
Samuel Bowles and his wife made their way up the Connecticut River and settled in Springfield, Massachusetts.
In 1824, Bowles founded The Republican, and the rest is history.
From its founding, The Republican prided itself on being a paper that delivered accurate news, while never shying away from discussing controversial topics.
Samuel Bowles III was quick to realign the newspaper with the newly formed Republican party and was a strong proponent of the anti-slavery movement.
It was that commitment to adaptability and foresight that earned Bowles, and subsequently the Republican, the admiration of a national audience--including President Lincoln.
On April 14, 1865, after a private meeting with The Springfield Republican's Washington correspondent George Ashmun, President Lincoln invited Ashmun to attend the theater with