Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our Texas-24 Hometown Hero, Debbie Conard, who has dedicated over 20 years to volunteering with the Richardson Fire Department.
On the Fire 1 Rehab Team, Debbie supports firefighters during large fires.
She is on call 24/7, leading the photography team and responding to structure fires, capturing firefighters as they save lives and property.
These images serve as a visual record of the bravery and dedication of our local firefighters and are on display at fire stations throughout the city.
After completing the Citizen Fire Academy (CFA), Debbie joined the CFA Alumni Association, where she served as President for many years and remains active today.
Her dedication extends to the Richardson Police Department, where she has volunteered for over 18 years.
After completing the Citizen Police Academy (CPA), she continued to stay involved through the board of the CPA Alumni Association, contributing to special events, including National Night Out and Safety Fairs, as well as photographing for CPA classes.
Debbie's dedication to serving North Texans isn't limited to Richardson city limits.
She volunteered at the Scottish Rite Hospital for Children in Dallas where she engaged patients with crafts, books, and games.
She also volunteered with Equest, a therapeutic equestrian riding program for children with diverse needs.
Through her involvement with the annual 9/11 Memorial Stair Climb, Debbie helps honor fallen firefighters and police officers who lost their lives in the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Debbie is also a volunteer photographer for Honor Flight, which celebrates America's veterans by inviting them to Washington, D.C. to visit the memorials built to commemorate their service and sacrifice.
Those who know and work with Debbie describe her as humble, sincere, and deeply compassionate.
She has a generous heart and never seeks recognition of accolades for her efforts.
I'd like to thank Debbie Conard for going above and beyond to serve our North Texas community.