APRIL 16 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1651, to encourage increased trade and investment between the United States and the countries in the Western Balkans, S. 138, to amend the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 to modify certain provisions of that Act, S. 1829, to impose sanctions with respect to persons engaged in the import of petroleum from the Islamic Republic of Iran, S. 3874, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign support for terrorist organizations in Gaza and the West Bank, S. 2626, to impose sanctions with respect to the Supreme Leader of Iran and the President of Iran and their respective offices for human rights abuses and support for terrorism, S. 2336, to address the threat from the development of Iran's ballistic missile program and the transfer or deployment of Iranian missiles and related goods and technology, including materials and equipment, S. Res. 505, condemning the use of sexual violence and rape as a weapon of war by the terrorist group Hamas against the people of Israel, S. Res. 357, recognizing the formation of the Alliance for Development in Democracy and urging the United States to pursue deeper ties with its member countries, S. Res. 385, calling for the immediate release of Evan Gershkovich, a United States citizen and journalist, who was wrongfully detained by the Government of the Russian Federation in March 2023, S. Con.
Res. 18, calling for the immediate release of Marc Fogel, a United States citizen and teacher, who was given an unjust and disproportionate criminal sentence by the Government of the Russian Federation in June 2022, and the nominations of Stephanie Sanders Sullivan, of Maryland, to be 
Representative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Pamela M. Tremont, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, Elizabeth Rood, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to Turkmenistan, Richard H. Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, David J. Kostelancik, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Albania, Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia, Stephan A. Lang, of Virginia, to be U.S. Coordinator for International Communications and Information Policy, with the rank of Ambassador, Jennifer M. Adams, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cabo Verde, Courtney Diesel O'Donnell, of California, to be United States Permanent 
Representative to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, with the rank of Ambassador, Dorothy Camille Shea, of North Carolina, to be Deputy