APRIL 10 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold open and closed hearings to examine the posture States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
SD-106 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the U.S. Forest Service.
SD-124 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine offshore tax evasion by the wealthy and corporations.
SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Patrick John Fuchs, of Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the state of air quality monitoring technology.
SD-406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for United States Agency for International Development.
SD-419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 4042, to amend title 44, United States Code, to reform the management of Federal records, S. 2871, to advance Federal Government innovation through the implementation and use of multicloud computing software technology, S. 4036, to establish a Government Spending Oversight Committee within the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, S. 4062, to establish a pilot program to assess the use of technology to speed up and enhance the cargo inspection process at land ports of entry along the border, S. 4066, to improve Federal technology procurement, S. 3698, to amend title 11, District of Columbia Official Code, to revise references in such title to individuals with intellectual disabilities, S. 4055, to provide for a pilot program to improve contracting outcomes, S. 2278, to establish Image Adjudicator and Supervisory Image Adjudicator positions in the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations, S. 4024, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enable secure and trustworthy technology through other transaction contracting authority, S. 1897, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance capabilities for outbound inspections at the southern land border, S. 3851, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 McCamly Street South in Battle Creek, Michigan, as the ``Sojourner Truth Post Office'', H.R. 5473, to amend certain laws relating to disaster recovery and relief with respect to the implementation of building codes, H.R. 2754, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2395 East Del Mar Boulevard in Laredo, Texas, as the ``Lance Corporal David Lee Espinoza, Lance Corporal Juan Rodrigo Rodriguez & Sergeant Roberto Arizola Jr. Post Office Building'', H.R. 3865, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 101 South 8th Street in Lebanon, Pennsylvania, as the ``Lieutenant William D. Lebo Post Office Building'', and H.R. 3947, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 859 North State Road 21 in Melrose, Florida, as the ``Pamela Jane Rock Post Office Building''.
SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) grant program.
SD-G50 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department SD-192 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine MOHELA's performance as a student loan servicer.
SD-538 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine the federal and non-federal role of assessing cyber threats to and vulnerabilities SD-366 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine the role of child care small businesses in supporting parents and the American workforce.
SR-428A
Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine investing in early childhood education.
SH-216 3 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight To hold hearings to examine improving export controls and enforcement.
SD-342 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine ensuring equity for women veterans at the VA.
SR-418