Warm wishes for your birthday, Mr Speaker—and I am going to talk about warmth, as you might expect.
Over the last decade, we have seen so many households living in Dickensian conditions, with dark, damp and cold homes, and having to choose between heating and eating.
With the warm homes plan widely recognised as the most cost-effective way of making homes warmer, healthier and cheaper to heat, can the Secretary of State confirm exactly how many homes will be covered?
Is the current scale of the plan truly sufficient to meet the challenge we face?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to be ambitious on these issues.
Energy efficiency makes such sense for our country.
We committed in our manifesto to upgrade 5 million homes and we intend to meet that commitment.
I do not want to steal the Chancellor’s thunder, but we will be saying more about that tomorrow.
What steps he plans to take in relation to the Rosebank oilfield.
The consent to develop the Rosebank oilfield was deemed unlawful by the courts.
The developer will need to reapply for consent, including an assessment of emissions from burning the fuel produced.
We will produce guidance on the environmental assessment of those emissions in due course.
Have a good one, Mr Speaker!
The big issues to consider in this decision-making process will be the economic and environmental impacts.
As the Government develop their thinking, will they consider and report to the House on another issue?
Ithaca is one of the companies seeking to benefit from the large profits from the Rosebank development.
It is owned by Delek, an Israeli oil conglomerate that has been listed recently by the UN for human rights abuses in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I do not believe that our Government would want to be associated with a company like that, and many pension funds are now divesting from that company, too.
Can we have a report as the Government’s thinking develops on that crucial matter?
I will be careful about what I say in this particular case and on the specific application for obvious reasons.
We will be publishing guidance very soon on how the scope 3 emissions—the end-use emissions —will be assessed.
Any developers with any projects that wish to reapply will then be able to do so.
Each project will go through a regulatory process and be considered on its individual merits.
Cabinet Office guidance states that Government Departments should aim to publish a response to a consultation within 12 weeks of the consultation closing.
The consultation on environmental impact assessments closed on  8 January , which is 22 weeks ago tomorrow.
When will the Department publish the guidance, because it is causing delays to projects in the North sea today?
We published the consultation on what we will do with the EIA guidance as quickly as we could.
We are now analysing that.
It is a complex issue, as I am sure the hon.
Lady will understand.
We will publish the response and the process that will now be put in place as soon as possible.
Any developers that wish to reapply will then be able to do so.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Energy Security and Net Zero oral questions, the Government have confirmed that rooftop solar panels will be standard for all new build homes, delivered the first 11 solar on schools projects, scrapped the absurd 1-metre heat pump rule, secured Royal Assent for the Great British Energy Bill and, alongside Ofgem, delivered compensation for 40,000 victims of the prepayment meter scandal that happened under the last Government.
The east of England has a unique energy mix from offshore wind, hydrogen and nuclear.
I welcome the game-changing investment in Sizewell C today.
Can I ask specifically about wind?
A new report from EastWind and Opergy says that in the east of England, we need more than 6,500 extra offshore wind farm workers.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the east of England is central to our energy mission, and can he outline how we will deliver those skilled jobs?
The east of England will be a clean energy powerhouse for the country.
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue about workforce, and we will be publishing the workforce plan soon.