The Secretary of State has made the major decision, which is incredibly welcome in west Cumbria, to unlock up to 200 acres of land at Moorside for clean energy projects, including new nuclear.
This issue has been stuck for many years, and I welcome the Secretary of State’s efforts on it, the decision he made and the work he has done with the Cumberland Nuclear Future Board to make it happen.
Will the Secretary of State continue to work with me and local partners to drive the project through so that we get something delivered at the site?
Secondly, can he say more about the regulatory taskforce that is being undertaken at the moment so that we can cut through the bureaucracy and build reactors more quickly?
To reassure you, Mr Speaker, you look much younger than the Calder Hall nuclear power station.
And it is being decommissioned—that is even worse!
Absolutely right—there will be no decommissioning of you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on showing incredible leadership for his constituents on this issue.
It has been a pleasure to work with him and other colleagues on these questions.
He is right about the potential; he is also right about the regulatory question.
We have some of the highest standards of regulation in the world, but it is always right that we look at how we can improve standards of regulation and avoid changes in regulation during the course of projects, which is crucial for success.
That is the work we are getting on with.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
To give credit where it is due, I totally welcome today’s announcement on nuclear.
Where I disagree with the Secretary of State is on his persistence to plough ahead with inefficient technologies such as solar and the associated paraphernalia, such as battery storage, which trash the Buckinghamshire countryside and, indeed, the wider British countryside.
Nuclear works 24/7; solar works about 10% of the time.
Will he have greater courage and plough ahead with this much more efficient 24/7 nuclear technology and drop solar?