The North sea’s future lies in clean energy, but despite the UK’s billing as a wind superpower, we still import most of our wind turbine components while communities around the North sea are losing jobs.
Trade unions and industry are united in calling for £1.1 billion a year to build up domestic renewables manufacturing, but the Chancellor has committed barely half that.
Will the Secretary of State work with his Cabinet colleagues to secure the investment that is needed to realise the job-creating potential of the green just transition?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We are trying not just to build the renewables that we need for the future, but to bring the good jobs, the manufacturing and the industry along with them.
The Prime Minister has announced £200 million of support for supply chains through Great British Energy, and there will be much more to come.
We are also working individually with projects and developers to ensure that we bring the jobs here, and that is why the clean industry bonus is so important.
Over recent months I have received numerous emails from constituents in Hade Edge expressing concern about repeated energy outages.
The most recent incident occurred on 26 May, affecting 389 customers.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that energy suppliers such as Northern Powergrid invest in upgrading their infrastructure so that communities like Hade Edge no longer have to worry about outages?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The UK’s energy grid is very resilient, but we are investing to make sure that remains the case in the decades ahead.
Ofgem requires transmission owners and distribution network operators to make sure that there is an efficient, economic and co-ordinated system of electricity transmission in the country—and to make sure that it works—but if he wishes to raise any specific issues, I would be happy to hear from him.
On 21 May, the Government published their working paper on community benefits, but contributions are unlikely to be made mandatory before a decision is made about the huge Botley West plant in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that a responsible developer would offer my constituents a level of benefit in line with that proposed by the Government?
Yes, and I was grateful for the opportunity to meet the hon.
Gentleman recently to discuss exactly those points.
We encourage all developers to provide a range of local community benefits, and we are consulting on whether that should go further, but in the meantime we want to see community benefit schemes that are as strong as possible for all energy projects, right across the country.
Happy Labubu birthday, Mr Speaker!
Our most climate-friendly nations require investment to adapt to the effects of climate change, but sadly a number of them are facing a debt crisis and are spending a lot of money on paying sky-high interest rates to lenders.
Given that 90% of the debt contracts are governed by English law, will the Government ensure that private lenders take part in debt relief schemes in order to tackle the climate emergency effectively?
This is the subject of ongoing discussions between our Department and, in particular, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office: we want to ensure that we are not giving with one hand and taking away with the other.
That is part of the remodelling that will enable us to supply international climate finance to the people who need it most.
I wish you a happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In its manifesto last year, the Scottish Labour party promised to create 69,000 Scottish jobs in the clean energy industries of the future, but on “The Sunday Show” the Scottish Labour leader was unable to answer any questions about that.
May I ask how many jobs have been created so far, how this is progressing, and when the target will be met?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, in that we had ambitious plans in our manifesto to create thousands of jobs funded through Great British Energy—something that he failed to vote for, so he is now against the investment that will come.
We have secured £40 billion-worth of private investment since we came to office, with hundreds of jobs and many, many thousands to come.
Thousands of my constituents in Barking receive their energy via a heat network provided by their landlord or a housing association.
In many cases, they are not eligible for the warm home discount.
What plans do the Government have to make sure that those constituents receive the support they need?
We have had challenges with heat networks across the country.
That is why we are bringing forward regulations to make sure both that there is a fair price for people on heat networks and that technical standards drive up the quality of heat networks, so that people can have cheaper bills.
Standing order charges are making energy bills unaffordable, particularly for those on lower incomes.
What steps are Ministers taking to address this?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point about the level of standing order charges, and this is something that Ofgem has consulted on.
The complexity is that if we redistribute standing order charges, it can have significant adverse distributional effects, but Ofgem is seeking to have low standing order charges for some customers.
Wasco Coatings in my constituency has invested significantly in its Hartlepool operation in anticipation of the ambitious net zero plans on Teesside.
We now learn that there is a possibility that the contract may go abroad, which threatens Hartlepool jobs.
Does the Minister agree that British investment must back British jobs, and does she have a message for those deciding on the contract?
The Northern Endurance Partnership, which is developing the infrastructure to transport CO2 across Teesside and the Humber, will create thousands of jobs.
There is a 50% local content target, but we want to exceed that, and I urge the partnership to use British suppliers.
I think my hon.
Friend is meeting its representatives this week.
We stand ready to do so, and we want everyone to buy British.
Research from Centrica, which is headquartered on my patch, shows that Hive has saved domestic customers half a billion pounds on their energy bills since its inception.
Does the Secretary of State agree that smart data, which gives consumers the ability to control their energy use without the need for top-down bans, taxes and mandates, should be a key plank of the warm homes plan?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
Minimum half-hourly charges will also help customers to use smart solutions and make savings, and all the evidence collected under the last Government shows that when consumer-led flexibility was offered, people really took advantage of it.
Making community energy the centrepiece of the Government’s clean power plan will foster support for new schemes by putting the public in the driving seat to choose where, and at what scale, projects can fit into local landscapes.
To unleash the full potential of community energy, will Ministers consider implementing the long-standing proposals to enable these schemes to sell electricity directly to local people?
The Government’s licence exemption schemes already allow small-scale suppliers, including many community energy groups, to come to market to supply local customers.
The Secretary of State has also commissioned Ofgem to work with the Department to explore some of the policy and regulatory barriers to local supply.
In 2026, Formula 1 will be using a fully sustainable drop-in fuel in all its cars.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this provides an exciting opportunity for the UK to lead the world in using research and development from Formula 1 to support the pursuit of net zero for all motorists, and will he agree to meet me and representatives of motor sport to discuss this issue further?
Yes.
That sounds really good.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
At the former Chatterley Whitfield colliery in my constituency of Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove, the council has launched an ambitious  plan to go from black to green, creating a combined digital and eco park that includes an AI growth zone.
Will the Secretary of State meet me—alongside my constituency neighbour and hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner) , who has championed this cause, and partners—to see for himself the potential of our coalfield communities?
That also sounds really good, and it sounds like a really important initiative.
The idea of AI growth zones, which have been promoted by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Technology and Innovation, is great, and I congratulate my hon.
Friend.
May I extend an invite to the Secretary of State to come to Aberdeen and meet the highly skilled energy workforce, whose jobs are being put at risk as a result of his policies?
I absolutely meet North sea workers and companies.
What we need to do for them is build the clean energy future so that they can transition.
That is about carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and offshore wind, and it is about nuclear as well—something that SNP Members oppose.
This Government are going to make the investments to make it happen.
Lang may yer lum reek, Mr Speaker.