The Conservative party is a pro-nuclear party and we welcome any decisions, backed by investment, that increase Britain’s nuclear capacity, because we cannot deliver cheap, reliable and secure energy without it.
Although the investment announced today by the Secretary of State is significant, it is a fraction of the £230 billion cost, which will ultimately be borne by consumers, of his plan to decarbonise the grid.
Unlike the intermittent technologies backed at such cost by the Secretary of State, nuclear provides reliable baseload power.
It generates inertia to stabilise our grid.
Nuclear power plants require substantially less new grid infrastructure compared with dispersed generation from wind and solar.
It is to the shame of successive Governments over many years that Britain relinquished its status as a world leader in civil nuclear technologies.
In 1965, we had more nuclear reactors than the United States, the USSR and the rest of the world put together.
Between 1956 and 1966, we built 10 nuclear power stations, but we gave all that up.
The contribution of nuclear to our power generation peaked in 1994 and has fallen consistently since then.
Labour came to power in 1997, saying that it saw no economic case for the building of any new nuclear power stations.
In 2010, the coalition agreement ruled  out public investment in nuclear.
It was the last Conservative Government who planned the largest revival of nuclear power in 70 years and it is thanks to that work that the Secretary of State has been able to make many of these announcements today.
Can he reiterate, despite the headlines this morning, that the final investment decision has not yet been made?
He said in his statement that he will announce it in the summer, but can he give us a more precise date when we will be told the total Government investment and the private capital raised?
This statement is a downgrade on what the previous Government put in motion.
Today, the Energy Secretary has announced only one small modular reactor.
There is no clear target to increase nuclear power generation and no news on Wylfa.
The nuclear industry is expecting news of a third gigawatt scale reactor.
The previous Government purchased the land and committed to build, but on this today the Energy Secretary said nothing.
Can he commit to the planning inherited for a third gigawatt scale plant at Wylfa and will he recommit to the Conservative policy of 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050?
Although it is good news that Rolls-Royce will build our first small modular reactors, this is a downgrade on what was previously planned.
Can the Secretary of State tell us why he has awarded just one technology rather than two as set out previously?
Furthermore, will he commit, as other countries have, to going faster?
Canada has approved a plan for four SMRs by 2029.
As things stand, Britain will not have SMRs connected to the grid until the 2030s.
The contrast between this caution on nuclear and the Government’s rush to decarbonise the entire grid in just five years, while betting the house on unreliable and intermittent renewable technologies and shutting down British oil and gas in the North sea, could not be clearer.
We need the Energy Secretary to focus on the positive, not to stake our country’s future and people’s bills on ideology.
I feel a bit sorry for the hon.
Gentleman; it is hard on a day like this to be an Opposition Member.
Nevertheless, I will try to answer his questions, such as they are.
On the question about the final investment decision, he will be aware that we are currently doing the private sector capital raise.
When that is complete, we will proceed to the final investment decision, which will take place this summer.
That is obviously important.
On his fundamental question, I do slightly scratch my head, because he says that this is a downgrade—we have announced the largest nuclear building programme in 50 years!
What he says might have looked good in the mirror this morning, but it does not bear much resemblance to reality.
The question, which goes to the point I made at the end of my statement, is this: why did the Conservatives make all these promises on nuclear but fail to deliver them?
There is a simple answer.
It was not because of a lack of diligence from his colleague  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
The simple reason is that they did not put up the money.
They did not make the investment.
The one thing that has bedevilled the nuclear programme is a failure to invest public money.
In this spending review we are putting in £14 billion for Sizewell, £2.5 billion for SMRs, and £2.5 billion for fusion.
Those are significant sums of long-term capital investment.
The Conservatives made all these promises,  but they did not put in the money.
I was the guy who identified Sizewell, and I am back here delivering Sizewell.
This Government are willing to make the investment.
We welcome the support from  the hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy) , such as it is, but he needs to learn some lessons.
Public investment, not decline, is the answer for Britain.