Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Moving from gas to electricity in home heating is an important part of reducing our reliance on fossil fuels.
Yet at the Select Committee hearing last week, we heard real concerns that people in energy debt are unable to disconnect from gas and are therefore still stuck paying standing charges.
Will the Minister say what the Government’s plans are to remove that problem and ensure that more people can take up the opportunities presented by electrifying home heat?
My hon.
Friend makes two important points.
First, on the importance of decarbonising heating across the country, the electrification of home heat will be an important way of delivering cheaper bills for people and reaching our decarbonisation targets.
Secondly, on the important matter of debt, I know the Minister for Energy Consumers has been doing work with Ofgem, and we have been looking at a debt relief scheme for exactly those sorts of questions.
Clearly, we want to support as many households as possible to move on to cheaper heating in the long term.
We will continue to push forward that work.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Change in the language by the UK Government on the Moroccan autonomy plan paves the way for a bright new future between the two kingdoms.
Does the Minister therefore feel that the time is right to finally make a decision on the UK-Morocco power project that could potentially add 8% of the UK’s grid requirements and clean energy for the future?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I have discussed this in the House before.
He is right to point out that we see an important partnership with Morocco across our economy, and we have outlined more of that in the last few days.
The proposal he discusses is from a private company and, like the previous Government, we have been looking at it.
We will say more in due course.
A very happy birthday to you, Mr Speaker.
Given the enormous potential for renewable energy generation across Scotland, including in my constituency, does the Minister recognise that accelerating community-owned energy projects and, crucially, improving local transmission infrastructure would not only reduce fossil fuel reliance, but deliver direct economic benefits to local people?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, representing, as he does, a beautiful part of Scotland and one with huge potential for such schemes.
That is why Great British Energy announced £4 million of funding for community energy projects in Scotland, working with the Scottish Government to drive those forward.
We see, as my hon.
Friend rightly points out,  the huge benefits not just of delivering clean power, but of the social and economic value for the communities that host it.
We are clear that community-owned energy has huge untapped potential and huge benefits for communities.
We want to see much more of it, and Great British Energy will help deliver it.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for his response on reducing the reliance on fossil fuels; no more backing for oil and gas is essential for protecting our children’s futures.
However, that positive change requires a plan to future-proof British industries that works for everyone, particularly those who are currently working in those high-carbon sectors.
Will the Minister and his colleagues commit to publishing an energy jobs plan for how those workers can be supported in that transition, particularly around being provided with retraining opportunities?
We consulted on a detailed plan around the future of energy in the North sea, which includes a detailed section on workforce planning.
I am sure the hon.
Lady was able to submit a response to that consultation, and we will look carefully at her views.
We take the question of workforce incredibly seriously.
Jobs will be created right across the clean power mission, including in the biggest upgrade to the transmission infrastructure that we have seen in this country for many years, much of which her party seems to oppose.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Today’s brilliant announcement backing Rolls-Royce to deliver small modular reactors creates more skilled jobs while also delivering clean, secure energy that does not rely on fossil fuels, even when the sun does not shine and the wind does not blow.
Does the Minister agree that the decision shows British business, supported by this Government, again leading the way?
My hon.
Friend will not be surprised that I completely agree with her.
Today, we have announced a new golden age of nuclear power in this country after decades of dither and delay; in fact, I think that the last switch-on of a nuclear power station was before I was even born.
[Interruption.]
It is not that long ago.
We are driving forward the real potential that we see in nuclear power, and the Secretary of State will make a statement on that later.
That is how we deliver thousands of well-paid, skilled jobs across the country and the important energy security that we need.
I hope that we will see SMRs in every part of the United Kingdom, including in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
You look younger every year, if I may say so.
Last week, we launched the new future homes standard, which will ensure that the vast majority of new build houses will have solar panels installed as standard.
This will end the absurd situation the previous Government left where new housing was built without solar panels.
We are kick-starting a solar rooftop revolution, and the upcoming solar road map will lay out how we are bringing cheap clean power to families and businesses across the country.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Only 20% of schools currently have solar panels.
Brigstock Latham’s primary in my constituency does not.
That is why its year 5 pupils have written to me asking for panels on their roof.
They tell me that this would cut their carbon footprint, reduce bills and help improve their education.
One pupil wrote: “We may be a small school, but we can be big sometimes.”
Will my right hon.
Friend support their inspiring campaign and perhaps visit these young community activists in my constituency?
I congratulate the pupils of Brigstock Latham’s primary school on their incredible spirit.
Young people right across the country care about these issues.
Also, they are pointing out something really important, which is that we have this free resource of the sun and we should use it.
That is why putting solar panels on schools and elsewhere is big project for Great British Energy.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In my Stoke-on-Trent South constituency, businesses such as the Bestway Group, which owns Well healthcare in Meir Park, and Goodwin International in Newstead are keen to invest in rooftop solar, but they cannot get national grid connectivity.
In the case of Well healthcare, it will have to wait until 2032.
Meanwhile, residents in my village areas are frustrated at the growth of solar farms on agricultural land when there are acres of empty flat roofs on industrial estates.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the many challenges and opportunities for transitioning to clean energy that businesses in my constituency face?
My hon.
Friend raises some important points.
The first is on grid connections.
With the grid reforms that we are doing, we are going to end this zombie queue where projects are taking up space when they are not going to connect or not going to connect in time.
That will open up the future to projects such as hers.
On the point about industrial estates, I can give her a sneak preview and tell her that this is part of the solar road map.
She makes important points, and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks)  has volunteered to meet her.
Thanks to Great British Energy, Meadway health centre in my constituency is set to have solar panels installed, which will cover its entire energy bills for the summer.
My local hospital, Wythenshawe, will also benefit, saving my local NHS trust some £4 million to £5 million a year, which can be reinvested back into frontline services.
Despite the doom-mongering on net zero that we hear from the Opposition Benches, does the Secretary of State agree that this shows the power of helping our public services and creating jobs?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on having hit the jackpot with the NHS benefiting from what Great British Energy is doing.
He makes such an important point here, which is that the net zero agenda is about lower bills.
For example, it is about cutting energy bills for frontline services and putting the money back into those services.
Who could possibly be against that?
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In my Chatham and Aylesford constituency, Clarion Housing is working with Octopus Energy in Snodland to install roof solar panels and heat pumps in social housing units.
Can the Minister confirm how we can expand on such schemes, using the tenant power tariff for example, to reduce energy costs for our most vulnerable constituents?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point, and this is something that we are working on.
There is huge potential in working with energy companies, with social housing providers and others to find ways in which this can be a true part of an anti-poverty strategy.
This is something that we are working on, and we will have more to say about in the weeks and months ahead.
I wish you a very happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the news that one of Great British Energy’s first major projects will be to install solar panels on schools and hospitals, and I hope that some of the 43 schools in Doncaster East and the Isle  of Axholme will benefit.
I have heard from local sports clubs that are keen to be part of the green energy revolution but face installation and funding barriers.
Will the Secretary of State consider extending Great British Energy and other schemes to help community sports facilities to go green?
I love my hon.
Friend’s idea; it is such a good one.
Local sports clubs and lots of other community organisations can benefit from that project.
I will suggest the idea to Great British Energy.
Mr Speaker, The Times has told the world how old you are today.
They got it wrong!
I do not propose to write it into the record, but I note that you are catching up on me.
[Laughter.]
Happy birthday.
Let us move on.
Yesterday, a Minister said from the Dispatch Box that only 1% of farmland was being damaged by development, yet solar panels are smothering   east Kent’s best farmland.
It must stop.
Given what the Secretary of State has said, what further steps will he take to protect our farmland and really do move solar panels on to rooftops, car parks and public buildings?
There are a few questions in there, and I will try to answer them as briefly as I can.
Even for the biggest solar ambitions, less than 1% of land would be covered.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we need solar rooftops too.
That is why we have put an end to years of dither and delay, and last week announced that new homes will have solar panels fitted as standard.
It makes total sense.
The solar panels on my roof started working last week, and I am very excited.
If you do not have any solar panels, Mr Speaker, maybe you could give yourself a birthday present and ensure that you have an array, too.
Mine were made possible by the Solar Together scheme organised by Bath and North East Somerset council.
Such schemes are so important to encourage people to install solar panels on their roofs.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that funding for those schemes will continue?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on having taken that step.
She makes an important point: lots of people want to do this, but there is an up-front cost barrier.
One thing that my Department is doing is working with the private sector, social housing providers, as I have said, and others to ask how we might break down up-front cost barriers so that more people, particularly those who cannot necessarily afford those costs, can benefit from solar power and cheaper bills.
Grand Union Community Energy in my constituency is a non-profit community group that has done excellent work in Kings Langley to raise funding to install solar panels on the roofs of local schools, developments and car parks.
It also educates local residents on how they can utilise community energy to reduce energy bills, which we have all seen rise under this Government.
What steps are being taken across Government to ensure that community projects such as Grand Union Community Energy are implemented more widely?