Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
The Energy Secretary has said that there is a “principled case” for removing green taxes from electricity bills, and the cost being met by increases in green taxes on gas bills.
That would be a net tax rise for every household—80% of the country—that uses gas.
This was not an argument that he made before the election, so can the Minister take this opportunity to rule out any increase in taxes, charges or levies on gas bills?
On the Government Benches, we are trying to cut people’s bills as quickly as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman was a core part of a Government who failed to do that for many years.
I am surprised that he did not rise to congratulate Great British Energy on its investment in solar panels on schools and hospitals, because his constituents are benefiting from one on a hospital and one on a school.
He should welcome that.
If the hon.
Member wants to talk about my constituency, he can talk about the betrayal of the Sunnica application, which is being imposed on my constituency by the Energy Secretary.
The public will see that the answer was not a “no” from the Minister.
Families across the country should be worried; this is becoming a pattern.
For weeks, I asked Ministers about their plan to align with the European carbon price.
For weeks, they denied that it would happen, and then, once the local elections were done, they did it, increasing electricity bills by stealth for every family and business in the country.
Now it is the same for gas bills.
When will the Minister be straight with people and admit that the Government are adding to the bills of families and businesses, not cutting them?
The House will have heard the shadow Minister’s failure to welcome solar panels on a hospital and a school in his constituency, but he can deal with his own constituents.
On the question of the emissions trading system, on one side, we have National Grid, Energy UK, the Carbon Capture and Storage Association,  Make UK and the Confederation of British Industry welcoming it.
On the other side, we have the shadow Minister and the deputy leader of the Reform party,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) .
I think I know who I would take my advice from.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the transition to net zero supports rural economies.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
The Government are committed to ensuring that everyone can access the benefits of our net zero transition, including rural communities, which will play a vital role in creating jobs and hosting infrastructure.
That is why we have set up the £5 million Great British Energy community fund to support clean energy project development, including in constituencies like my hon.
Friend’s.
Many happy returns, Mr Speaker.
Chipping Community Energy in my constituency is a brilliant ground source heat loop feasibility project.
We know that grid infrastructure is weaker in rural areas, and there is a risk that more remote areas get left behind in the move to decarbonisation, in the same way that they did with the broadband roll-out.
Will the Minister share what role she sees local initiatives, like Chipping Community Energy, playing in our overall plans for energy security and affordability, and what steps she is taking to help such projects to provide more cheap energy to our rural communities?
That sounds like a great project.
We are absolutely committed to recognising the role that community energy groups, like the Chipping Community Land Trust, can play in ensuring that communities directly benefit from the energy transition.
The trust was awarded £100,000 through the former rural community energy fund, and GB Energy is continuing that work through its community fund, helping to unleash the wave of community energy projects that the Secretary of State spoke about earlier.
The Government and Ofgem will be working to tackle policy and regulatory barriers to these projects happening.
In the spirit of trying to get as many birthday wishes into one Hansard record as possible, Mr Speaker, from one part of the greatest county in the country to another, I wish you a very happy birthday.
In the context of the dash to net zero, rural economies can also be damaged by the infrastructure that is being put in.
The Morgan and Morecambe wind farm cabling corridor and substations will cause damage to rural businesses over 20 miles along the cabling route, including disruption caused during the construction stage.
What efforts is the Minister making to assess cases in which the infrastructure that is being put in place does more damage to rural economies than it benefits them?
If rural communities are to benefit from the clean energy transition, it is important that they play a role in hoping to host the infrastructure.
When the Great British Energy Bill went through Parliament, there was much discussion about ensuring that communities that host the new infrastructure do not lose out.
I can send the hon.
Gentleman details of exactly how his community can engage with that process.
What steps he is taking to improve the energy efficiency of homes.
In 2025-26 alone, we will upgrade up to 300,000 homes through the warm homes plan and other measures.
That is more than double the number of homes upgraded last year.
Later this year, we will set out more details of a warm homes plan to upgrade up to 5 million homes, and there will be more details in the spending review tomorrow.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
My Lib Dem predecessor, the much-missed Andrew Stunell, pushed for the zero carbon homes programme during his time in the 2010 to 2015 Government, having brought in his first Bill on that subject back in 2004.
Sadly, those standards were scrapped as soon as the Conservatives were governing on their own.
The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit has estimated that, had those standards been reached in 2016, households would have paid £5 billion less in energy bills as a result of living in better insulated and more energy-efficient homes.
The Secretary of State earlier mentioned the future homes standard, which is bringing in welcome steps on solar panels and so on.
When will the Government go further to reach zero carbon homes standards with a fabric-first approach?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
The failure to have a zero carbon homes standard or future homes standard in place has meant that we have built over 1 million homes since then that are now going to have to be retrofitted.
That makes no financial sense.
It is right to put those upgrades in as standard from the get-go, and we have done a lot of work with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and house builders to make sure that can be done in a way that also means we can build lots of homes.
What is the Secretary of State doing to make it more affordable for households to make their homes energy-efficient?
The current model is that those who can afford to outlay some funding then get a taxpayer-funded subsidy, but those who cannot put down those first few thousand do not get that support.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I am working with the Minister for Energy Consumers and others across Government on this as part of the warm homes plan.
We have to make sure that those who can least afford it can take advantage of the huge opportunities of insulation, solar panels and batteries.