Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
We need to ensure that the technology that we import to increase grid capacity is secure.
US officials recently found kill switches in Chinese-made components  for solar farms.
The Conservatives have been clear about the security risks that China poses in our energy supply chain, so will the Secretary of State confirm whether he discussed that issue in his recent meeting with Chinese officials?
If not, why not?
On a day when we are announcing new nuclear schemes, I am almost tempted to ask: which party brought Chinese investment into the heart of our nuclear infrastructure?
The Conservative party.
In every decision taken about the energy sector and more widely, if there are questions about national security, they are taken forward in the usual way.
We invest hugely in ensuring that all our critical national infrastructure is safe and secure from cyber-threats and other threats.
That work continues and is a top priority for the Government.
We are building the clean power system that delivers energy security, and the Conservatives are opposing it.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs in clean power industries since July 2024.
Since the election, over £40 billion of investment has been announced in clean energy, creating good jobs with good wages, and by 2030, the industry could support hundreds of thousands of new jobs.
We will soon publish our clean energy workforce strategy, which will set out in more detail where and how we will deliver the jobs of the future.
The risk of voting for the Conservatives or Reform is that they would put all those jobs in jeopardy.
The Department for Energy Security and Net Zero’s clean power action plan is accelerating the transition to renewable energy sources and creating quality jobs in areas like mine in north Wales.
A major expansion at the port of Mostyn will create 300 new jobs, as it prepares to increase its support for the offshore wind farm sector.
Does the Minister agree that this is not the time to hold back, and that we should invest in green energy to tackle climate change, secure our energy supply and provide skilled jobs for my constituents in Clwyd East?