Happy birthday, Mr Speaker, and very many happy returns.
We obviously welcome new jobs when they are created, but will the Minister acknowledge the destructive impact of her Government’s policies on jobs in oil and gas in the North sea?
On Friday evening in Westhill, in my constituency, I met many workers who are terrified for their future, their family and their community, because the skilled jobs in the supply chain that is maintained by oil and gas are not being replaced at the pace needed by renewables.
That is due to a slowdown in offshore wind deployment and a steep decline in oil and gas activity.
Will she not admit that the Government have got this dreadfully wrong?
Under the previous Government, we lost 70,000 jobs in the oil and gas industry and more than 1,000 jobs in the ceramics industry.
We produced only 30% of the steel that we need in this country, and the chemicals industry fell by 30%.
The Conservatives’ record is shocking.
We are putting together a plan that will ensure we can transition a lot of people from oil and gas to renewables; as the hon.
Gentleman knows, the skills are very similar.
We are trying to make that easier through our passport system.
We are developing a workforce plan, which we will publish in due course, that will involve hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Why do Conservative Members oppose that?
There has been no contrition, or acknowledgement of the people losing their jobs today in this country as a direct result of the Government’s destructive policies.
Some 3,000 jobs were lost in July 2024.
Robert Gordon University estimates that there are 400 job losses every two weeks.
Offshore Energies UK predicts that there will be 42,000 job losses unless there is significant policy change.
The Just Transition Commission warns that 120,000 jobs may go by 2030, and that there is no prospect of a just transition, because the supply chain is just upping sticks and moving overseas.
Will the Minister not acknowledge that this is the wrong course to take?
Will she at least apologise to the men and women losing their jobs today?
The North sea will continue to play an important role for years to come, which is why we are keeping existing fields open for their lifetime.
This is a declining base, and the hon.
Gentleman knows that.
This is not where the jobs of the future will be.
They will be in the clean energy transition, which we are investing in at pace; there have been huge announcements today on nuclear, and there are the spending review announcements to come.
We are investing in the jobs of the future; he is stuck in the past.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
We are extending the warm home discount to more than 6 million households, doubling the number of families that will get support this winter.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
We are providing support for those who need it while we sprint to clean power by 2030, so that we can get off the energy rollercoaster and bear down on bills for good.
A very happy birthday to you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the extension of the warm home discount to all households on means-tested benefits from this winter.
Many low-income households were excluded because their homes were not classed as having a high cost to heat.
In Wolverhampton North East, only 18% of households benefited from the discount in 2023-24.
Can the Minister confirm that the new scheme is simple, fair and focused on those who are most in need?