The Prime Minister should hang his head in shame for calling this a “far-right bandwagon” when we first raised this issue.
The deputy leader or the future deputy leader—we all know who is going to win—called this a dog whistle.
What we need to think about right now is the victims and the survivors.
I spoke to one of them yesterday.
Let us remember that these are victims who waived their anonymity—an incredibly difficult thing to do—and they believe that the Safeguarding Minister has lied to them and about them.
One of the survivors has said: “Jess Phillips needs to be removed because I don’t think her conduct during this…has been acceptable for the position that she holds”.
[Interruption.]
Those are not my words; those are the words of a survivor.
It is a shame that Labour MPs are drowning that out.
The hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley has clearly lost the confidence of the victims.
Does she still have the confidence of the Prime Minister?
Order.
Can I just say that, even if we are quoting somebody else, we should not quote a direct allegation against a Member of this House?
I am sure that that is not what was intended.
I respect the views of all the survivors, and there are different views—I accept that—but I think the Safeguarding Minister has probably more experience than any other person in this House in dealing with violence against women and girls, and alongside her will be Louise Casey.
These two individuals  have spent decades—decades—standing up for those who have been abused and sexually exploited, and I absolutely think they are the right people to take this forward.
The Safeguarding Minister does not have more experience than the survivors.
The fact is that, just a few weeks ago, the Prime Minister was standing there telling us he had full confidence in the best friend of a convicted paedophile, so it is no surprise the people have no confidence in what he is saying.
The victims have said that she should be sacked.
We on this side of the House believe that she should be sacked, because this is about Labour failure.
Labour never wanted this inquiry; we demanded it.
It has been Labour-run councils—Trafford, Bradford, Blackpool—that have tried to suppress the truth.
It is Labour Ministers attacking the victims; we are standing up for them.
How is it that, whether it is rape or Chinese espionage, when the Prime Minister is in a position to do something about it, it is always someone else’s fault?
My priorities are listening to and standing up for the survivors.
That is why we are doing the work on the inquiry, why we have reopened the criminal cases and why we brought in mandatory reporting.
I would gently remind the Conservatives that they had 14 years in office and they barely mentioned this issue, and where there were inquiries, they failed to act on them.
We have done more in the time we have been in office than they did in 14 long years.
Mental ill health affects one in four of us, and it costs this country up to £300 billion a year, so will the Prime Minister join me in thanking the staff at Maghull health park, who do a brilliant job in looking after those suffering from mental ill health?
Will he wish them well with their plans to set up a world-leading research and innovation centre, which will make an enormous contribution towards this Government’s stated aim of giving mental and physical healthcare equal priority?
Of course, I join in thanking the staff at Maghull health park.
We are investing £15.6 billion to bring down mental health waiting lists—vital in continuing to drive down inactivity and helping people to get the care that they need.
In the upcoming multi-year capital budgets, we will enable NHS trusts to accelerate decisions on local priorities, and that could include developments like the mental health digital research centre that my hon.
Friend champions.