I agree with the Prime Minister’s words about Claire Throssell.
I agree with him that it is right that we change the law, and I hope that it is named after her sons, Jack and Paul.
Given the revelations about Royal Lodge, does the Prime Minister agree that this House needs to scrutinise the Crown Estate properly to ensure taxpayers’ interests are protected?
The Chancellor herself has said that the current arrangements are wrong, so will the Prime Minister  support a Select Committee inquiry so that all those involved can be called to give evidence, including the current occupant?
It is important, in relation to all Crown properties, that there is proper scrutiny.
I certainly support that.
I hope the House can look at that properly and that all people can be summoned to the relevant committee.
Turning to the economy, I know Labour Members are relieved—they are finally allowed to say that the Conservatives’ Brexit deal is a disaster.
But that cannot just be a political ruse to attack  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , however much he deserves it.
Even worse, given that we still have the highest inflation in the G7, it must not be a smokescreen to raise taxes on ordinary people.
It must be a call to action.
Will the Prime Minister act now to repair the Brexit damage by negotiating a new UK-EU customs union to boost Britain’s trade and grow our economy?
No, I do not think that is the way forward.
What we have done is to have a much closer relationship with the EU, recognising the damage done by the flawed Brexit deal that the Conservative party negotiated.
We have also struck deals with India and the US, secured record investment into this country and have the fastest growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
This summer, I visited every road across the Bexleyheath and Crayford constituency, reporting potholes to ensure that the £895,000 given by this Labour Government to the Conservative-controlled council in the London Borough of Bexley is spent.
However, the Conservative council cabinet member responsible for roads wrote to our local newspaper, , asking that I stop reporting potholes because it was causing work for the council.
Will the Prime Minister join me in urging my Conservative council to get on and spend that money to make roads, such as Mayplace Road East, safe to drive on?
So, this is a local Conservative council telling my hon.
Friend not to point out potholes in case it has to fill them!
That is outrageous—just like the record of the last 14 years.
We know how problematic, dangerous and costly potholes are to drivers.
That is why we have delivered record investment to maintain our roads and fix potholes.
That is £1.6 billion.
That money has been given to councils, but it comes with strings.
My message to the council to reinforce that is clear: “Use the money, fix the roads and show how you are carrying out repairs, or lose the money.”
It is councils that should get on with the job of fixing our roads.
I will make sure the Roads Minister follows up with my hon.
Friend.
Given that the TUC has calculated that the wealthiest 10% of households in the UK hold more wealth than everyone else in the country put together, does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is inequality, not immigration, that is a threat to our country?
We need to deal both with levels of immigration and with inequality, and that is what the Government are doing.
As we get on with trying to boost our economy, may I gently point out that if we want more equality and if we want our economy to be stronger, the hon.
Lady’s party needs to start voting for some of the measures that will make it necessary?
In March 2022, I gave birth to my son by emergency c-section—both my son and my life put at risk by a failing maternity service.
In Nottinghamshire, we know failing maternity services far too well, with harm caused to mothers, babies and fathers—over 2,400 families involved in the Donna Ockenden inquiry.
Does the Prime Minister agree that grief must be the engine of change, and that where previous Governments have failed, it is imperative that this Government transform maternity services, so that every birth is an informed birth and every birth is a safe birth?
I extend my gratitude to my hon.
Friend and to all those who spoke in the baby loss debate last Monday for their powerful and moving stories.
I was at the Pride of Britain awards on Monday night and very many people came forward to me, having heard some of the speeches from this House, particularly the personal testimonies, so I assure her that those stories really did have power in making the argument.
We do need to fix what needs fixing, so we will fix maternity services, improve safety and make sure every mother is heard and gets high-quality care.
My constituents have so many questions they would like to ask the Prime Minister, but I will settle for one today: can the Prime Minister define when grey belt is really grey?
Let me give the right hon.
Lady a simple example.
We had an example of green-belt land that was, in fact, a car park where building did not take place, and non-green-belt land that was an open playing field where building did take place.
That does not make sense to me.
That is why we have our policy.
Twelve-year-old Millie Blair from Oundle joins us today in the Gallery along with her mum, Gemma, her sister, Jessica, and her dad, Gordon.
On Millie’s 11th birthday, she was diagnosed with a rare bone cancer, which led to her leg being amputated.
Millie attends Prince William school, but she cannot access the lower playing field because the slope is too steep.
Her parents, the school and I have asked the East Midlands academy trust to put in a ramp, but it has refused, claiming that it is not subject to certain parts of the Equality Act 2010.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the trust has an absolute moral obligation to make those adjustments to give Millie full access to all the school, so that she can play and thrive with all her friends?