I do acknowledge that in recent days some members, including Fiona, have decided to step away from the panel.
Should they wish to return, the door will always be open, but even if they do not, we owe it to them, to Fiona and to the country to answer the concerns that they have raised.
The inquiry is not and will never be watered down, its scope will not change, it will examine the ethnicity and religion of the offenders, and we will find the right person to chair it.
I can tell the House today that Dame Louise Casey will now support the work of the inquiry, and it will get to the truth.
Injustice will have no place to hide.
I doubt that Fiona will be satisfied with that answer.
The Prime Minister says that they could return to the panel if they wish to.
Why would they do that?
The Government have been engaged in a briefing war against survivors.
Elizabeth—[Hon.
Members: “Shame!”
] They say “Shame.”
Why do they not listen to what Elizabeth had to say?
Elizabeth, who was abused in Rotherham from the age of 14, had this to say about the Government: “It has created a toxic environment for survivors”.
They were looking for answers from the Prime Minister, and what they have heard is Labour MPs saying “Shame” at their words.
Yesterday, the Safeguarding Minister,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , said that Elizabeth was wrong.
Who should we believe: the Prime Minister’s Safeguarding Minister or Elizabeth?
Let me put on record my respect for all the survivors, who have been through the most awful ordeal, and I want to thank those who have been involved so far for their work in the process.
What we are trying to do is to get this right, and to have an inquiry with survivors at its heart.
As the Safeguarding Minister told the House yesterday, that is obviously not  easy.
They have all come with difficult experiences.
There are a wide range of views, understandably, and every survivor does bring their own painful experience to this.
The survivors met the prospective chairs this week, and we want them to have the chance to engage.
I want survivors to be at the heart of this.
I want an inquiry that can get to the truth.
These are the hard yards—I accept that—but I want to press on and get this right.