As my hon.
Friend the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland made clear, we have committed £5.2 billion to the Scottish Government this year—the largest settlement in the 25 years of devolution.
There is a very basic question that we Scots are asking: “Where’s the money gone, John?”
The reality is that our services are getting worse, not better, and we see industrial-level waste from the SNP.
That is why it is time for a new direction.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to his place, although it seems that his appointment has not been universally welcomed.
Indeed, I hear that the Daily Record, having asked his Labour colleagues for their opinion, feared an asterisk shortage.
One particularly caustic comrade said: “If I had a pound for everyone who liked Douglas, I would have 50p.”
But rest assured, Mr Speaker, his appointment was welcomed with open arms on the SNP Benches, and I have to admit to having a grudging admiration for him as someone who cares not about the opinion of other people.
But with Labour tanking in the polls, and independence the majority view in— Order.
Mr O’Hara, this is meant to be a question, not a statement.
Well, Mr Speaker, the quality of the SNP’s contributions does not seem to have improved since 2007, and neither has its arguments.
In the face of failing schools and hospitals, and the inability to build ferries in the hon.
Gentleman’s own constituency, what do we see?
Once again, dreary documents about independence.
The reality is that the SNP has let Scotland down, and Scotland deserves better.
That is why we are up for the fight in May.
The SNP’s renewed chatter on independence is understandable, because it wants to distract from its abysmal record of running down our public services.
Given that its plans for defence in an independent Scotland include giving up the nuclear deterrent and replacing it with little more than a Scottish navy comprising the Waverley and the Vital Spark, does the Secretary of State agree that Vladimir Putin will be rubbing his hands with glee at the SNP’s latest outbursts?
I am a great fan of Para Handy, the Vital Spark and the Waverley, but I would not want to offer them in the face of Vladimir Putin as an approach to Euro-Atlantic security.
The reality is that we have student gesture politics from the Scottish National party.
I met with the major defence companies in Greenock last Friday, and they were very clear that we are forgoing industrial opportunities now.
There is a real cost to the incompetence and student naiveté of the Scottish National party.
Businesses in my constituency and across Scotland need stability, certainty and opportunity.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is what they are getting from a Labour Government, which stands in stark contrast to the instability and uncertainty of the SNP and its obsession with independence?
Returning to the Dispatch Box as the Secretary of State for Scotland, I think it is striking that the SNP’s answers are no better than they were in 2017, 2014 or 2021.
I simply ask: what is its policy on a Scottish currency?
What is its policy on foreign reserves?
What is its position on a Scottish pension?
It is no better at answering those questions now than it was 20 years ago.
May I join other Opposition Members in welcoming the Secretary of State to his place?
I wish him well in that job.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  is not the only one with a quote that might be of interest to the Secretary of State; I have another one here.
Can he tell us who said this?
“If there is a majority”—an SNP majority—“it has got to be looked at in Westminster.”
Who said that?
I sense that it might be myself.
We would take seriously any SNP majority, but if the SNP is returned to office, I hope it will do better than it has done over the past 18 years.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we on the Government Benches are not anticipating defeat; we are working for victory.
Well, this might get just a little bit awkward.
The quote was not from the Secretary of State, although I welcome his contribution; it was actually from his boss, the leader of the Labour party and the current Prime Minister, who is about to turn up.
That is very awkward indeed—[Interruption.]
There he is.
Will he stick to that commitment, or will we see Labour break yet another promise?
Not least because he has just turned up, let me say that I always agree with my boss.
The reality is that we are clear and unequivocal that we do not want the break-up of the United Kingdom.
As Scots, we made our choice in 2014, and that was for a better future within the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on fiscal steps to reduce the cost of living in Scotland.
This Government are working tirelessly to reduce the cost of living in Scotland.
We have introduced  a national living wage, delivered a generational upgrade to workers’ rights and helped the Bank of England to cut interest rates five times, putting money into people’s pockets across Scotland.
Furthermore, thanks to our stewardship, the International Monetary Fund forecasts the UK to be the second-fastest growing G7 economy this year.
Scotland is the only part of the United Kingdom where child poverty is falling, and it is also the only part of Great Britain with a non-Labour Government.
I am sure the Minister agrees that the rest of the UK deserves better, so will she be calling on the Chancellor to scrap the two-child cap in the upcoming Budget?
A child poverty strategy is on the way and will be released in due course.
I can underscore our commitment to fighting child poverty with every breath we have.
That is what Labour Governments have always done, and it is what this Labour Government will do, too.
This weekend, thousands of people will march in Edinburgh to say that Scotland demands better.
We are right to do so, because the Poverty Alliance says that one in six adults in Scotland—around 1.2 million people—are living in food insecurity.
What are the Scotland Office and the wider Labour Government doing to end food insecurity for Scots?
Our commitment to ending poverty is clear.
We have had a clear focus on living standards; work is increasingly now paying; and we are focusing on ensuring that none of Scotland’s children is subject to the poverty that the hon.
Member so vividly describes.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I am sure that the whole House will know that this weekend the Rugby League Ashes returns for the first time since 2003.
I place on the record my very best wishes to the England team, who will make the major rumble in London this weekend—the first of three matches against Australia.