The Prime Minister says that he wants survivors to be at the heart of this, but in his first PMQs this year he said that we did not need a national inquiry.
When he did, all of these Labour Members cheered.
They were nodding their heads, including the Safeguarding Minister.
They voted against the national inquiry three times.
[Interruption.]
Yes, they did.
They voted against the national inquiry three times, so the victims do not believe them.
They can say no as much as they like, but it is on the record.
They do not like it, but it is true.
Now, one of the victims has quit.
Contrary to what the Prime Minister has just said and what the Home Secretary wrote this morning, the victims believe that the inquiry will downplay the racial and religious motivations behind their abuse.
Are the victims not right when they call it a cover-up?
Let me reassure the victims and the House that the scope of the inquiry will not be diluted, and we will not shy away from cultural or religious issues.
It was I who commissioned Baroness Casey in the first place.
She gave me her recommendation in relation to a national inquiry, and we have, in the four months since then, finalised the panel and are trying to get the leadership of this inquiry right, with survivors  at the heart.
In that period, we have also reopened 1,200 historical closed cases.
I have long argued that the criminal route, where it can be pursued, is the right route for perpetrators.
We have introduced mandatory reporting of child sex abuse, which I happen to think is a vital safeguard— I have been campaigning for that for over a decade.
I asked the last Government to introduce it, and that fell on deaf ears.
That mandatory reporting of child sex abuse is something that each and every Conservative Member voted against earlier this year.
We have given victims and survivors the power to seek an independent review of their cases.
But in relation to this inquiry, I want to go as fast as we can to get the justice that is deserved, and I want to ensure that survivors are involved in that.
We are balancing the two to get this right, and  I will continue to do so.