has reported that local elections across the country will be delayed for a second year in a row.
The leader of my local authority, Surrey county council, has had to go on the record to say that he has not called for elections to be cancelled, but other Conservatives clearly have.
Can the Prime Minister give me a cast-iron guarantee that my constituents in Woking and others across the country will not lose their democratic right to vote?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that we inherited a situation where local councils were underfunded and millions were wasted on duplication.
By reforming the system, which is what we are doing, we will save money and reinvest that in improved public services.
In response to the hon.
Gentleman’s question, we expect the elections in Surrey to be for the new unitary councils, and we will be setting out the planned timetable very shortly.
Central to growing our economy is delivering major events that drive footfall and investment.
Does the Prime Minister share my disappointment that since Reform took over the running of Durham county council, it has slashed funding for Durham Pride, which brings in 20,000 people a year— Reform Members cannot cope with accountability, Mr Speaker.
Reform has also cancelled the Lumiere festival, which has brought nearly 1.5 million people into County Durham since it started.
This will undermine businesses and communities.
Does the Prime Minister agree that if Reform cannot run one county council, it certainly cannot run Scotland, Wales or our United Kingdom?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out what voters in Durham can see: what people get if they vote Reform is total chaos and broken promises.
Councils have a vital role in our communities.
It is not just Durham where Reform is doing this; I think four councillors in Kent have just been suspended for bringing the party into disrepute, which is quite something for a party whose Welsh leader accepts Russian bribes to spread Putin’s propaganda.
Weston Hospicecare provides an invaluable service for constituents with a terminal illness.
The hospice now faces an increased national insurance bill of £139,000 a year as a result of the Chancellor’s jobs tax.
The Prime Minister will know that the money he has announced for capital expenditure cannot be used for day-to-day running expenses and that the money he has announced for children’s hospices   will not benefit Weston Hospicecare, so what help can he offer the hospice as it struggles under the tax burden imposed by his Government?
We are putting in the support that we can for hospices, and the money we put aside at the Budget for the NHS is absolutely crucial in relation to that.
The NHS was underfunded for 14 long years.
We have now put in the funding that the NHS needs to do its work.
December will mark the 10th anniversary of the Storm Desmond floods that devastated my constituency and forced thousands of people from their homes.
Despite promising us new flood defences, previous Conservative Governments left them unfinished.
With climate-related rainfall forecast to increase in the north-west over the next decade, does the Prime Minister agree that the climate change-sceptic policies peddled by some Opposition parties are both reckless and dangerous, and will he assure the people of Carlisle that this Labour Government will defend our great border city?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Tories left our flood defences in their worst state on record.
We are building them up again, investing over £10 billion to protect homes and businesses.
We have delivered over 150 flood schemes in our first year, and I want to see even more rapid progress.
My hon.
Friend is a superb champion on this issue, and we have provided £300,000 to complete the feasibility study for stronger defences in her constituency.
As last week’s urgent question highlighted, Jhoots—the pharmacy non-provider—is effectively de facto bankrupt and possibly even insolvent too.
Last week we discussed at great length the impact that is having on patients securing their prescriptions.
It is now becoming increasingly evident that while His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs is being told by Jhoots that staff are being paid, they are not.
Lana-Olivia Gulston and Blake Horwood in my constituency have not been paid since 18 July.
They are resorting to the kindness of friends and the support of food banks to make ends meet.