The Secretary of State for Energy is not the messiah.
Week after week, I come to this Chamber to ask Energy Ministers and Scotland Office Ministers why they are content to sacrifice one of this country’s greatest national assets and allow highly skilled workers to go on the scrap heap or go overseas.
As Scotland’s man at the Cabinet table, the Secretary of State knows that his job is to speak up for those people who are losing their jobs today, not to defend the Secretary of State for Energy.
Will he explain that to the people of Aberdeen when he visits next week?
I gently remind the shadow Secretary of State that there is a difference between abuse and argument, and in relation to his substantive arguments, of course I am happy to be Scotland’s voice at the Cabinet table.
That is why only next week I will be meeting a range of energy companies based in Aberdeen and listening directly to them.
That dialogue has already started.
I think we can do better than his question.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support regeneration in Scotland through the pride in place programme.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support regeneration in Scotland through the pride in place programme.
The Scotland Office is backing Scotland’s communities with our £292 million pride in place investment.
The plan will support grassroots movements that restore local people’s power, boost national pride and help people get on in life.
It will revitalise our high streets, create jobs and improve safety and security.
More than that, it will give expression to this Government’s core belief that communities are powerful and that in every corner of our country, we find millions of so-called ordinary people doing their best and doing their bit to transform the places they love for the people they love.
The UK Government are investing more than £41 million of funding in my constituency, including the recently announced pride in place award.
That will unlock the potential of my West Dunbartonshire constituency, matching the level of ambition I have to regenerate our town centres and communities and make them fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is in stark contrast to the SNP, which has given up on our communities right across Scotland and in West Dunbartonshire?
I commend my hon.
Friend on his ambition for his seat and his sterling advocacy for it.
He is right that this funding will help revitalise our high streets, create jobs and improve safety and security in  Scotland.
He is also right that the SNP is desperately out of touch with its squabbling over independence while services across Scotland are at breaking point.
Since the election last year when Labour came to power, our constituents in Scotland have seen their friends in England and Wales see real improvements in their communities and public services, while they look on and wonder what the SNP Government are squandering Scotland’s share on.
Does the Minister agree that key to the success of the pride in place funding and projects, including the £41.5 million coming to Lanarkshire, is that we are putting power directly in the hands of people to make decisions about investments in their own communities?
My hon.
Friend is right that both her constituents and mine look with some envy to the other side of the border where millions of extra NHS appointments have been secured while waiting lists in Scotland go up and up.
Local communities are at the heart of Scottish life, which is why we are giving them control over hundreds of millions of pounds of investment to revitalise their high streets, take ownership of important local assets and build thriving and prosperous places to work, live and visit.
The Government’s pride in place initiative—their equivalent of levelling up—should be great and should be felt across Scotland, but unfortunately we are feeling the opposite in north-east Scotland because of the Government’s energy policies.
Our high streets need regeneration after a decade of disastrous decline in the sector, whether that is from SNP or Labour policies.
How will the Government act to ensure that our high streets in north-east Scotland will not be further decimated?
I remind the hon.
Lady that, of course, her constituents benefit from a city region and growth deal—there is investment going into her area.
If she has complaints about the decline of her constituency, I suggest that she looks at her colleagues and holds them accountable for 14 years of catastrophic economic mismanagement by the Conservatives.
As long as I get any opportunity, I will continue to ask why Perth, and Perth and Kinross, is not getting one penny from the current allocation.
Why has Perth and Kinross never had one single penny from any Government allocation?
Why did this Labour Government take away the £5 million that we finally got from the Conservatives?
Finally, when is Perth, and Perth and Kinross, going to get its fair share?
The allocations under the pride in place programme have been evidence led, based on data and on a formula that is progressive and puts money into the pockets of those who need it most.
If the hon.
Gentleman is worried about where money in Perth and Kinross has gone, I suggest he asks the First Minister of Scotland, who is from his own party and has received more than £5 billion.
His constituents, like mine, will be asking, “Where’s the money gone, John?”
What steps he is taking to help ensure that people do not pay disproportionately high energy prices in Scotland.
This Government are taking action to support vulnerable families this winter, including by expanding the warm home discount scheme, which means that more than 500,000 households now benefit from that £150 payment—one in five Scottish households.
Will the Minister acknowledge the unfairness that my constituents in Skye, and indeed people all across rural Scotland and rural Great Britain, are paying four times as much to heat their houses using locally generated renewable electricity—often while looking at wind turbines outside their windows—than those in cities who heat their houses using imported high-carbon gas, which is largely due to the fact that the environmental tariffs fall wrongly on the renewables and not on the carbon fuel gas?
Communities can feel tangible benefits, but those community benefits are largely voluntary at the moment.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point, however; that is why this Government are considering mandating the provision of community benefit funds for low-carbon energy infrastructure across the United Kingdom.
We will have more to say in our plans when they are set out later this year.
It is estimated that more than 70,000 households in Glasgow live in fuel poverty.
The UK Government’s extension to the warm home discount will mean that many of those families receive money off their energy bills.
Can the Secretary of State outline how people can access that support?
The good news is that those in receipt of pension credit that tops them up to a minimum weekly income will continue to receive the discount automatically.
The scheme is opening again this month; anyone who thinks they may be eligible, in Glasgow or elsewhere across Scotland, should contact their energy supplier.
What his policy is on holding a referendum on Scottish independence.
What his policy is on the holding of a referendum on Scottish independence.
I was elected on a very clear manifesto, which made clear that this UK Labour Government do not support independence or another referendum.
If, after 18 years, the SNP is not prepared to run on its record, that begs the question: what kind of record have they left, after 18 years in power?
Behind the smokescreen  it has tried to create by talking about independence, we know the reality: one in six of us on waiting lists, rising violence and falling standards in our schools.
Frankly, Scotland deserves better.