The New Economics Foundation has been very clear in its analysis that the environmental impact of airport expansion will erode a lot of our carbon emission reduction plans, and many studies have questioned the economic case for Heathrow expansion.
I would be interested to hear from the Secretary of State about the dangers of relying solely on the private sector to fund large schemes, as happened in the case of the channel tunnel, which remains an enormously underused asset, partly because of the costs that resulted from the decision to fund it only through the private sector.
It is welcome that the Secretary of State has made her support for Heathrow expansion subject to four tests, but I detect perhaps a slight hint of cognitive dissonance, and a contradiction in the Government setting out timelines for delivering something that they say is subject to four tests.
The Secretary of State said that she would hear the independent advice of the Climate Change Committee.
If the CCC decides that the preferred option for   the Heathrow third runway is incompatible with our carbon emissions and our net zero targets, will she drop her support for the third runway?
I start by congratulating the hon.
Gentleman on his appointment.
He referred to New Economics Foundation research.
I should be clear with him that the Government are absolutely committed to reaching net zero for the whole economy by 2050, and that we will meet our climate change obligations as set out in the Climate Change Act 2008.
We have also been clear repeatedly that any airport expansion proposals will need to demonstrate that they will contribute to economic growth and can be delivered in line with the UK’s legally binding climate change commitment.
We will engage with the CCC in the ANPS review.
Heathrow is only one part of the process; the expansion of Heathrow, Luton, Gatwick and Bristol airports was factored into carbon budget 7, and the hon.
Gentleman will know that the Government will publish our updated delivery plan for carbon budgets 4 to 6 in the coming weeks.
We should not see economic growth and our climate change commitments as being inconsistent with each another.
I believe we can go further, faster, on cleaner fuels and technological developments, but people want to fly, and I do not think that this Government should get on the wrong side of public aspiration.
I first of all express my sympathy for the Secretary of State: she knows from past experience that this is like watching a car crash in action, and it has been thrust upon her by the Chancellor.
She knows that Heathrow has made the clear commitment that it will not pay for the infrastructure; that landing charges will go up, and passengers will pay for it; and that there is no way that we can meet our climate change targets if the expansion goes ahead.
That is why I express my sympathy; she has been given an impossible task.
I have a constituency interest, as the Secretary of State will know, because Heathrow is in my constituency.
She mentioned that the stakeholder engagement process will be published shortly.
Could she be a bit more precise on the timescale, and on what measures will be included in that?
The House needs to know that in my constituency, 4,500 homes will be demolished or rendered unliveable; 15,000 people will lose their homes; we will lose three schools; and whole communities will go.
My constituents want to ask: where are they going to live?
Where will their children be educated, and what will their happen to their community?
We just need some certainty now—and from my point of view, it is certain that this is a white elephant.
It is almost like watching High Speed 2 all over again.
I am sure it will not come as a surprise to my right hon.
Friend to hear that I reject his characterisation of the work I am doing.
I see the expansion as an opportunity to improve our connectivity as a nation, to improve UK competitiveness and to ensure that we deliver for businesses and passengers all across the UK.
I understand why he raised the interests of his constituents who live closest to the proposed expansion.
He asked me for more detail about the consultation timeline.
If we make changes to the ANPS through the review, a consultation will take place on  that next year, and we are working on a timeline that would see a new ANPS designated by the end of next year.
I give him a commitment to meaningful engagement and consultation.
In the document that I referred to in my statement, we will set out a new stakeholder engagement approach, so that people will be treated with fairness.
We will act transparently throughout the process.
rose— I ask colleagues to keep their questions short, so I can get everybody in.
I sympathise with  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) ; my Spelthorne constituency is on the southern side of Heathrow airport, and the residents of Stanwell Moor, a village of some 520 homes, are half a mile away from the southern perimeter.
They have put up with a lot, including appalling behaviour by Uber drivers, holiday parking and noise pollution.
In the consultation, will the people of Stanwell Moor be engaged with directly?
I also ask that we measure air and sound pollution, and use current levels as a baseline, so that we can determine the impact of the Heathrow expansion.
In the ANPS, there will be a very thorough review of the noise requirements, and mitigations are set out in that document.
I can give the hon.
Gentleman a commitment that there will be meaningful engagement with his constituents.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this is not a done deal?
As part of the ANPS review process, will there be a full and independent analysis of the economic costs and benefits, the environmental effects, and demand in London and the south-east, given airport expansion elsewhere?
As she says, the world has changed since 2018.
Can my constituents, who will be seriously detrimentally affected by any further expansion of Heathrow, be assured that the Government have their best interests at heart?
We will do this properly.
As Secretary of State for Transport, and as the person who may ultimately be the decision maker on any future planning application, I assure my hon.
Friend that I will approach this issue with an open mind and will apply the highest standards of professionalism and probity to the process that I am overseeing.
Egham in my constituency is five miles from Heathrow, and it is not the fact that it is overflowing that I want to ask about today.
The shadow Secretary of State for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , visited the patch on Monday, and we waited 12 minutes while level crossing barriers were down in Pooley Green.
The Secretary of State did not mention whether trains would be part of the consultation.
Will they be within scope?
If the expansion goes ahead, we will desperately need to deal with our level crossings, and we will need better rail access from Egham to Heathrow to make this work.
I agree that we need to deal with the issue of level crossings on the rail network.
We will look holistically at rail requirements in the ANPS review.