Archibald Young, a foundry in my constituency, manufactures components that are vital to our national security, yet it now faces a devastating blow from Labour’s tax changes.
We are hearing that food production—another cornerstone of national security—will also be decimated by these measures.
This issue goes to the heart of the protection of our country.
Does the Minister agree that Scottish businesses that are essential to national security must be safeguarded, and will she commit to meeting me and others with similar concerns to discuss that?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady, and I welcome her to her new position.
Food security is indeed national security, and national security is the No. 1 priority of this Government.
We are trying to safeguard it in a number of ways, including through our commitment to food security and, indeed, energy security.
I would be delighted to discuss it with her further.
What assessment he has made of the contribution of North sea gas and oil to energy security.
Oil and gas from the North sea will remain part of our energy system for decades to come.
As a Government, we are strengthening our energy security, and as part of that effort, we are investing in home-grown  clean power and energy through Great British Energy.
We are committed to a fair and orderly transition.
Next week, I will be in Aberdeen to meet energy companies from across the north-east.
We all know that the Government’s energy policy is unsustainable.
It has even been reported that the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is looking at authorising tiebacks to access new oil and gas wells using existing infrastructure in the North sea.
Will the Secretary of State acknowledge that if we want to increase energy security and reduce energy prices for households and businesses, we must expand the use of the energy resources available to us, including North sea oil and gas?
As I sought to reflect in the first answer, oil and gas will be a central part of our energy mix in the United Kingdom for decades to come, but it is also right to recognise that there is a transition that needs to be managed and there was an abject failure by the previous Government to manage it.
That is why we saw tens of thousands of jobs going in the North sea without the level of investment that we are now seeing from GB energy to manage that transition effectively.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that the Conservatives have got a cheek?
Some 77,000 jobs drifted out of the North sea under their Government, and they did not lift a finger.
This Government, along with the Scottish Government, invested £18 million in a transition fund to help oil and gas workers move into energy jobs.
That will be an uneven transition, but it is an inevitable one.
Does the Secretary of State agree that that is what comes from having a Government with an industrial strategy that puts workers first?
I find myself in agreement with my hon.
Friend from the Western Isles.
The North sea has provided decades of good jobs, not just for people from the Western Isles and across Scotland but from the whole of the United Kingdom.
The last Conservative Government did not believe in industrial strategy—it is as basic as that.
It is not just a difference of policy; it is a difference of philosophy.
We believe in open markets and an active state.
That is why we set up GB Energy, that is why there is a transition fund and that is why people can rely on Labour.