I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her statement and for advance sight of it.
The statement should have been brought to the House months ago.
The Secretary of State surely recognises that today marks a delay and an acknowledgment of that, rather than a decisive move forward.
The truth is that this whole process has come about the wrong way round.
Recent announcements on Gatwick and Heathrow, rather than being any clear plan for the future of British aviation, are not driven by planned and prepared work but by a clear attempt to divert attention from the Government’s growing list of crises, scandals and cover-ups.
However, we on these Benches welcome the fact that this statement has finally been brought forward to the House, because both the aviation sector and passengers deserve clarity, as do the local people who will be affected, and we hope that they will see sensible mitigations to these proposals.
Can the Secretary of State confirm what assessment the Government have undertaken so far of the total cost of Heathrow expansion, given that one of the central estimates now stands at almost £50 billion, excluding an extra £10 billion for further surface access works?
Those figures would quadruple Heathrow’s current asset base, which is already responsible for some of the highest passenger charges in the world.
If Britain is to remain competitive on the global stage, those costs must be kept down, not driven up.
Crucially, how will the Government ensure that the costs are minimised, not maximised?
I am sure that, like me, the Secretary of State does not want those costs directly passed on to airlines and then to their passengers in higher fares, because affordability must be at the heart of any credible aviation strategy.
Maintaining affordable flights is crucial for passengers, so can she assure the House that the Heathrow expansion will not result in significant pass-through costs, especially with the Government’s rises in air passenger duty, the jobs tax and now real concerns over how business rates will affect the aviation sector?
I understand that the Chancellor has claimed a third runway will be operational by 2035—something the Secretary of State has reflected today—and that she wants to see spades in the ground during this Parliament.
Of course, we welcome the reforms that will enable this to happen.
Those reforms will not have any teeth, however, unless the Government commit to backing our plan to scrap the Climate Change Act 2008.
Otherwise,  Heathrow expansion will face judicial review after judicial review, bogging down the process, driving up costs and delivering further delay.
Even Labour’s Mayor of London has said that he “wouldn’t hesitate” to launch legal challenges against a third runway.
Can the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that her own Labour colleagues—including those she worked for previously—and allies will not be the ones who prevent this important project from ever seeing the light of day?
Can the Secretary of State also commit to ensuring that the associated road and rail links not just into London but to the south are included, so that the expansion delivers genuine economic growth and connectivity for the whole of the United Kingdom?
The Conservatives would end the constant threat of judicial review and eco-lawfare to ensure that infrastructure across the country could finally be delivered on time, on budget and in Britain’s national interests.
It was great to hear the Secretary of State’s words on this from the Dispatch Box, but will those reforms relating to the judiciary come into force before the decisions on Heathrow and the development consent order are made, or will they be subject to the current situation we are facing?
We on these Benches recognise that greater competition is the most effective way to deliver value for money and reduce costs to consumers, and I am grateful that the Secretary of State acknowledged in her statement that Heathrow expansion must minimise costs, but the only way to achieve that is through real and genuine competition.
Heathrow’s current structure has the potential to create perverse incentives that reward higher spending rather than efficiency, pushing up charges for passengers and airlines.
I note the commitment that the CAA’s review into economic regulation will begin in November, but that review must look seriously and fundamentally at how to embed competition and reverse perverse incentives.
How do the Secretary of State and the CAA intend to bring competition to the heart of delivering this project?
She said that the review would be delivered in the summer of next year.
Will it be before the summer recess so that the House will have time to scrutinise it?
While this Government continue to splurge cash, hike up taxes and debt and tie Britain up in eco-lawfare with their Green allies, only the Conservatives would restore confidence, break that cycle and deliver a stronger economy with world-class aviation at its heart.
Sadly, under this Government, taxes have risen to historic highs.
They have imposed a punishing jobs tax, and borrowing has soared to the highest levels since 2010 outside the pandemic, with £100 billion in annual debt interest payments.
A third runway alone will not shield the country from the consequences of Labour’s economic mismanagement, but it is a project that must be delivered correctly and responsibly and put passengers at its heart.
I am interested in the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about our pace of delivery, and I roundly reject his criticisms on this.
We are the party that is accelerating Heathrow expansion, today setting out this swift and robust review of the ANPS to help us determine applications swiftly.
Previous work to get a final airports national policy statement by the last Government took more than five years.
This Government will do it three years faster.
We are getting on with the job and taking the important and sometimes difficult  decisions to get Britain building.
I gently remind him that when his great ally and mentor, Boris Johnson, was Prime Minister, he went to such lengths to duck decisions on this issue that he ended up in Afghanistan.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to care about consumers and cost control, and that is precisely why we are reviewing the ANPS and why we are starting the work, via the Civil Aviation Authority, on the model of economic regulation.
If we fail to plan for future capacity, prices will rise and choice will shrink.
This review will be integral to keeping the UK competitive and connected by ensuring sufficient capacity, sustainable growth and fair competition between global hub airports.
I agree with him that consumers deserve affordable fares and greener aviation, and that is what we are working to deliver.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about climate change, service access and our reforms to judicial reviews.
On service access, I can be clear with him that we expect this project and associated infrastructure improvements to be privately financed.
Through the ANPS review, we will be looking holistically at public transport requirements, be that southern rail access, western rail access or how people get to and from central London.
He will recall that, in the spending review, we set out the biggest investment in London’s transport for over 10 years, with £2.2 billion enabling Transport for London to buy new rolling stock on the Piccadilly line and 10 extra Elizabeth line trains.
We will work closely with our colleague, the Mayor of London, and TfL to ensure that appropriate infrastructure is in place.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the changes that we are making to judicial review, and I would simply say to him that we are acting where his Government had their head in the sand.
I am confident that the CAA will look carefully at competition issues in the work that it is doing.
I am also confident that, ultimately, we could create 100,000 jobs through expansion at Heathrow.
We could boost economic growth as well as opening up new opportunities for trade, tourism and travel.
We will do this properly, and that is what we are doing by launching the ANPS review today.
I look forward to answering further questions from other hon.
Members.