Mr. Kramer was a member of the Board of Trustees at Oakland

University for over two decades, where he and his wife, Zina, created a

namesake scholarship at Oakland University's School of Medicine.
In its

inaugural year, this scholarship provided an incoming medical student

with $50,000.
This is just one example of the tremendous work Mr.

Kramer did throughout his tenure on the board to make education more

accessible.
Since his passing, his friends and loved ones have consistently

described him as ``a good man,'' and he truly was one of the best I

have ever known.
Through his work and general persona, Mr. Kramer

always acted in the best interests of others and encouraged his peers

to do the same.
His remarkable humanitarian work contributed to his

profile as a philanthropist through Oakland University and the

University of Michigan.
Michael Kramer passed away on March 28, 2025.
He is survived by his remarkable wife, Zina, who has long been

Michael's partner in his altruistic work, his two children David

(Aneesa) and Lisa (Josh), his grandchildren, Samuel, Max, Sydney, and

Madison, and his sister-in-law, Anita Zicherman (Ralph).
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply honored to recognize the life and service of

my friend, Michael Kramer, who dedicated his time to uplifting his

peers and strengthening community.
Please join me in celebrating this

wonderful individual and the lessons he shared with us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION DISTRICT OF

COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the National Capital

Planning Commission District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
This bill would

remove the authority of the National Capital Planning Commission

(NCPC), a federal agency, to review or approve the development of

District of Columbia-owned real property.
This bill would also remove

the requirement that the D.C. Mayor get NCPC's approval before selling

D.C.-owned real property and allow D.C. agencies to transfer

jurisdiction over D.C.-owned real property among themselves without

NCPC's approval.
Under federal law, NCPC has approval authority for the development of

D.C.-owned buildings located in the ``central area,'' including the

location, height, bulk, number of stories and size of such buildings.
D.C. is required to consult with NCPC on the development of D.C.-owned

buildings outside the central area, but NCPC has only advisory

authority in those areas.
The central area is defined by the concurrent

action of NCPC and the D.C. Council and currently consists of the

Downtown and Shaw Urban Renewal Areas.
NCPC's authority over D.C.-owned real property violates D.C. home

rule and is unnecessary, as demonstrated by the virtual absence of its

use to disapprove sales or development.
The federal government should

not be able to slow, block or add to the cost of the development of

D.C.-owned real property.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

McCOLLUM VOTE TO TABLE H. RES.
537 IMPEACHMENT RESOLUTION

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, impeachment is the most consequential tool

Congress has for upholding our duty to defend the Constitution and

protect the American people from a president who has betrayed his oath

and engaged in illegal conduct.
Bringing an impeachment resolution to the floor in the manner it was

done by Congressman Green undermines the ability of Congress to make

the serious and very real case for impeachment against this or any

future president.
Impeachment necessitates a deliberate process of

investigation and thorough documentation of crimes committed against

the American people.
President Trump was impeached twice during his first term because he

proved himself to be unfit to serve in office, and I voted to impeach

him both times.
Before bringing those resolutions to the floor, the

Democratic Majority in the House committed ourselves to building the

case, as a prosecutor does for a trial.