Impeachment necessitates a deliberate process of

investigation and thorough documentation of crimes committed against

the American people.
President Trump was impeached twice during his first term because he

proved himself to be unfit to serve in office, and I voted to impeach

him both times.
Before bringing those resolutions to the floor, the

Democratic Majority in the House committed ourselves to building the

case, as a prosecutor does for a trial.
We conducted a formal inquiry

during the first impeachment, where we subpoenaed witnesses and held

public hearings.
We produced the evidence to demonstrate that the

President had abused his power and obstructed Congress.
When President Trump was impeached a second time for inciting an

insurrection, the Democratic conference worked together to draft a

factual and thoughtful impeachment resolution to reflect what Members

of Congress and our entire nation witnessed on January 6, 2021.
When

the resolution was brought to the floor a week later, almost every

House Democrat was a cosponsor.
I presided over that vote in the House

of Representatives, with full confidence in the case we were presenting

to the American people.
By contrast, the impeachment resolution that I will vote to table on

June 25th was drafted in isolation by one member, and Representative

Green introduced it a mere two hours before he came to the floor to

push it to a vote.
It was rushed to the floor with no coordination with

the larger body of us who are working to hold President Trump

accountable.
It was not a serious attempt to gather the evidence and

convince the American people of the grave nature of the President's

violations of the law and the Constitution.
Currently, the House of Representatives is controlled by the

President's party, and it is clear that their majority is unwilling to

take even the most basic step to hold President Trump accountable for

his illegal and unconstitutional actions.
To be clear, the House of

Representatives has a duty under the Constitution to hold a president

accountable for illegal conduct.
This obligation begins with an open,

transparent process of Congressional hearings, investigations, and

subpoenas.
The Republican majority controlling this Congress will not

allow that work to move forward, but a premature and poorly reasoned

resolution like this hurts our ability to progress on the path to

accountability for President Trump.
My constituents can count on me to hold Mr. Trump accountable in a

manner that is fully transparent and clearly documents his malfeasance

as the President of the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DANIEL S. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I missed votes because of an important

family matter.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call

No.
185.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING ROBERT ``BOB'' LECHTRECK, SR.
HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life

and legacy of Robert ``Bob'' Lechtreck, Sr.,
a decorated Navy veteran

of World War II and the fifth Fire Chief of Kern County.
Bob passed

away recently, just months after celebrating his 100th birthday.
His

remarkable life reflects a century of service and deep devotion to both

his country and his community.
Born on April 2, 1925, Bob Lechtreck joined the U.S. Navy at the age

of 17.
He served in the Pacific Theater during World War II and saw

combat in some of the most pivotal battles of the war, including the

Battle of Okinawa.
Just three days before his death, we marked the 80th

anniversary of that battle, which serves as a reminder of the high cost

of freedom and the courage of those like Bob who helped secure it.
His

ship later guarded Tokyo Bay during the signing of Japan's formal

surrender, helping to usher in the end of the war.