Title: CELEBRATING OUR 2025 SUMMER INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
113

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OUR 2025 SUMMER INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO

CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

outstanding interns who have devoted their summer to serving the people

of California's 20th District.
From my offices in Washington, D.C., and

Bakersfield, these students have demonstrated maturity beyond their

years, contributing their time, intellect, and drive to support our

work in meaningful ways.
They brought fresh insight, a willingness to

learn, and an admirable commitment to public service.
Their presence

has been a welcome reminder of the promise and potential of the next

generation.
At a time when many young Americans are navigating

questions about their role in civic life, these interns chose to engage

directly with purpose and passion.
As their summer internships come to a close, I want to express my

deepest gratitude to Isaac Chipres, Luke Fernandes, and Margaret Woolf

for their contributions to my Washington, D.C., office and to Gianna

Gatson for her service in my Bakersfield, California office.
Their hard

work has been instrumental to my team's efforts, and I trust that the

skills and educational experiences they have gained will guide them

toward continued success in their future endeavors in public service.
I

look forward to seeing where their paths lead, and I hope those paths

include a continued dedication to serving others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING WMBD'S GREG AND DAN SHOW

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to congratulate Greg Batton

and Dan Diorio as their morning radio show reaches an incredible

milestone.
For 20 years, they have been the voice of the Greg and Dan

Show on WMBD Radio in my hometown of Peoria, Illinois.
Both have

dedicated themselves to providing residents of Central Illinois with

relevant

and reliable news to keep the public informed and entertained.
They have brought a personal and powerful form of communication to

their audience.
The Greg and Dan Show serves as a bridge between

communities, providing a unique space where local stories, issues, and

voices can be heard.
Greg and Dan have played a significant role in amplifying the voices

of politicians, local leaders, and members of the community to ensure

their listeners are informed on public events and both national and

local issues.
WMBD is the oldest commercial radio Station in Peoria, and for 20

years of its rich history, Greg and Dan have been working together to

better the lives of listeners and give back to communities and

organizations across Central Illinois.
This is a monumental moment for the Greg and Dan Show.
I congratulate

them on their 20 years of success.
I look forward to listening to their

show for many more years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL KRAMER

HON.
HALEY M. STEVENS

Ms. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the honorable

life of my dear friend, Michael Kramer, a passionate legal professional

and a champion of access to education and healthcare.
Mr. Kramer

centered his life around service.
Among his many contributions, his

creation of scholarships for students at Oakland University and support

of innovative research at the University of Michigan's Rogel Cancer

Center will be remembered for their ongoing impact.
Mr. Kramer was a member of the Board of Trustees at Oakland

University for over two decades, where he and his wife, Zina, created a

namesake scholarship at Oakland University's School of Medicine.
In its

inaugural year, this scholarship provided an incoming medical student

with $50,000.
This is just one example of the tremendous work Mr.

Kramer did throughout his tenure on the board to make education more

accessible.