Businesses across the country are struggling with unaffordable energy costs.
The burden of this Government’s national insurance contributions rise and uncertainty over the Employment Rights Bill are compounded by the immense struggle caused by sky-high energy bills.
I urge the Government to act with more urgency in addressing energy costs for businesses, including through accelerating the launch of the industrial competitiveness scheme, the consultation for which is not even due to be launched until the end of the year.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to cut operating costs for businesses, and will the Government consider Liberal Democrat proposals to break the link between gas and energy prices, halving bills within a decade and easing pressures?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are in constant contact with the Energy Secretary.
When I was at DSIT, we co-chaired the AI energy council, and we are working together to get the transition to renewable power done as swiftly as possible, generating the wealth that our country needs from the transition period.
Also, we are lowering bills and, through some targeted interventions, ensuring that those key businesses get the support they need on the challenges with energy prices and supply that we inherited when we came into office.
Horwich trailer manufacturer Indespension tells me that the post-Brexit regulatory system has significantly increased the approval cost for new trailer designs because of differing rules between GB, EU and Northern Irish markets.
The business now spends more than £100,000 a year completing relevant paperwork.
What measures is the Secretary of State taking to remove the administrative burden on firms so that instead of form filling, they can invest and create the well-paid jobs that I want to see in my local economy?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s passionate question.
As he will know, we have struck a trade deal with the EU and reset the relationship with it.
We will continue to build on that to deliver for all parts of our economy.
The Conservatives brought in a national guarantee of 11,500 post offices in the network.
Labour has promised to scrap that.
What assurances can Ministers give to people in Middleton, Lockington, Leconfield, Cherry Burton, Aldbrough, Walkington, Tickton, Hedon, Wawne,  Skirlaugh, Sproatley, Beverley, Roos, Ottringham, Keyingham, Withernsea, Easington and Thorngumbald that their post offices will be retained?
Order.
Mr Stuart, please—we do not read out the phone directory, and trying to do so in a topical does not work for you or me.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for West Worcestershire (Dame Harriett Baldwin) , we are committed to ensuring not just that we work to maintain the post office network, but that we deal with some of those long-standing issues about the viability of the business going forward—issues that the Conservatives had 14 years to fix and did not.
Workers at Tata’s Trostre site in my constituency have been hard hit by the five-week annual stoppage, leaving them short of money over Christmas.
Despite reassurances from Tata, the Minister will understand that they are worried that this is a sign of worse to come.
What is he doing to bring down energy prices, negotiate preferential treatment for our products to access the EU, and ensure that we strengthen our protections against cheap imports—all vital to the future of our steel industry?
We recognise the importance of the steel industry in Wales and of Trostre in particular, which has more than 70 years of tinplate production and is the only tinning line in the UK.
I met the chief executive of Tata Steel this week to discuss this very issue.
He referred to a softening in market demand, but fundamentally, this Government are committed to creating a better business environment for steel in the UK, so that it can compete with Europe, including on energy prices.
Small and medium-sized businesses in my constituency have told me about the impact that Trump’s trade war is having on their ability to export to the United States.
What is the Secretary of State doing to support these vital job creators and ensure that British goods can continue to be sold worldwide?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, particularly for small businesses, which rely on those schemes.
I pay tribute to the Royal Mail for the speed at which it reacted to those de minimis changes to ensure that businesses were able to continue.
We keep working with Royal Mail as well to ensure that that is possible.
In rural constituencies like South Norfolk, I can think of no better place for employment than our pubs.
From the Wheel of Fortune in Alpington to the Angel Inn in Loddon, these pubs are not just vital hubs of our communities but drivers of economic growth.
In fact, Mr Speaker, you are more than welcome to join my Christmas pub team on  13 December .
What support are the Government putting in place to help those businesses provide decent employment?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question— I am glad he got in today.
I can assure him that we are working closely with pubs.
We want pubs to be at the  beating heart of communities up and down the country.
We know we have inherited a challenging environment for pubs.
We listen to them and will be acting.
Earlier, the Secretary of State said that he was committed to growing our car industry, but British car manufacturers face huge fines for selling cars that consumers actually want, while the Government use taxpayers’ money to subsidise the purchase of foreign cars with Chinese batteries in them.
What are the Government’s plans to end the nonsensical zero emission vehicles mandate, and to restore a normal market, from which our car industry would benefit?
You would have thought, Mr Speaker, that the hon.
Gentleman might say a good word about our British automotive sector.
The trade deal that we struck with America—the first and the best such trade deal—protected 44,000 jobs from the tariff challenges being felt around the world.
We are creating new opportunities and investing.
As the House saw, the Government acted at speed to protect Jaguar Land Rover and its entire supply chain in its hour of need.
This Government act when we need to and create opportunities wherever we can, and we will continue to do so.
To make steel in this country, we need ceramics.
To build houses in this country, we need ceramics.
Five of the eight industrial strategy growth sectors require ceramics.
Ahead of the launch of the British industrial competitiveness scheme, might there be any interim relief from energy prices for energy-intensive industries?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for ceramics.
This is only my second time at the Dispatch Box, but it is also the second time that he has asked me about this.
He and I have already met to discuss it, and I am happy to have further conversations with him and industry about everything we can do, as soon as possible, to support the sector with its energy costs.
I launched my “Pub of the Year” award at the Goods Yard in Broadstone last week.
Fifty-four pubs and two breweries in Mid Dorset and North Poole support 1,600 jobs and underpin the vibrancy of our towns and villages, but two thirds of them have had to cut jobs or hours since the damaging jobs tax.
Hospitality venues typically operate seven days a week, and sometimes more than 12 hours a day, so they need many part-time workers.
Will the Government consult on a new lower rate of employer national insurance for workers earning £5,000 to £9,100, to support the employment of part-time workers and drive growth?
I come from a small business family in the hospitality sector, so I completely understand how important the sector is for local economies and jobs—especially pubs, which are the backbone of our high streets and important for pride in our local economies and communities.
We are helping pubs through our £1.5 million hospitality support scheme, and through brilliant initiatives such as Pub is The Hub, for which £440,000 was recently announced.
More will be announced soon.
As of tomorrow, the Lending Standards Board will be no more, because its funders—the banks—have pulled out.
Will Minister meet me urgently to take forward the good work that the board was doing, particularly on the ethnicity code?
That work exposed the fact that only 19% of minority businesses achieve loans, whereas 58% of standard applications do.
Businesses led by entrepreneurs from ethnic minority backgrounds make a huge contribution to all our constituencies.
Indeed, I met two such remarkable business people in Acton a couple of days ago.
My hon.
Friend is right to mention that finance is a barrier for under-represented groups, including ethnic minorities.
Dealing with that is a key part of the small business strategy, and it is why we have put billions more into the British Business Bank.
She has led on these issues, and I am of course happy to meet her to discuss the future of the programme that she mentions.
To show his deregulatory zeal, the Business Secretary just boasted about scrapping the British Hallmarking Council, which has one part-time employee.
Given that every £1 of regulatory costs has the same impact on investment as £1 taken in tax, why are the Government proceeding with their unemployment Bill and proposing a £5 billion a year tax on British businesses?
It is quite extraordinary; after just a couple of weeks in the job, I have announced £230 million of deregulation every year—£1 billion-worth between now and the next general election—and what do the Conservatives do?
They say that we are not going far enough.
They had 14 years; I have had a couple of weeks!
It is about time they started coming up with better questions, and stopped criticising a Government who act where they failed to.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Spinning out of the industrial strategy is the eagerly awaited critical minerals strategy, the launch of which will happen in due course—or dreckly, as we say in Cornwall.
It is of particular interest to my constituency.
Canada, the US and Australia have already established new mineral exploration funds.
Such funds support junior exploration companies in building up energy security and contributing to export-led growth.
Is the Department considering such a fund as part of the critical minerals strategy?