BCW in my hon.
Friend’s constituency is an extremely important engineering firm not only for Jaguar Land Rover, but for our manufacturing supply chains.
The concerns he has raised about access to finance for companies lower down in the supply chain are ones that I have raised with both Jaguar Land Rover and banks—I had with a meeting with most of the lenders.
However, I commend the work of the Confederation of British Metalforming, which works with the supply chain.
I understand that it had positive meetings with Jaguar Land Rover recently, although of course there is a cash financing issue as factories come up to speed.
I will be paying close attention to that in the coming weeks.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The growth emergency we inherited from the previous Government demands a proportionate response.
That means an unrelenting focus on pro-business policies.
It means harnessing investment in our high growth sectors and tirelessly implementing our modern industrial strategy.
It means shaking up our entire regulatory system.
The Department for Business and Trade is stripping out the rules, regulations and red tape that are  holding business back.
We are helping reduce the regulatory burden by 25%, cutting out 200 hours of needless paperwork for companies so far.
We are simplifying rules around company reporting, saving firms £230 million.
We are bringing in a strengthened growth duty for regulators and launching a new performance dashboard, injecting agility into our regulatory regime.
Where regulators are doubling up, we are streamlining them.
We are abolishing the British Hallmarking Council, transferring functions to the Department.
This is a new ministerial team acting with urgency.
We are using every lever we have to grow the economy and to deliver for this Government’s plan for change.
On Tuesday, the Ministry of Defence announced the launch of Project Fairfax, which will see a defence technology cluster established on surplus MOD land at RAF Wyton in Huntingdon.
This is a hugely exciting opportunity for both Huntingdon and the MOD, as we seek to create a defence ecosystem in sites we have identified across Huntingdonshire.
With a decision yet to be made about identifying investible sites, and regarding the £600 million fund available through the strategic sites accelerator programme, will the Secretary of State meet me and the chief executive of my local council to discuss the inclusion of potential defence sites in Huntingdon?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question, and I know that his community will be grateful for his question, too.
I can assure him that we are working to mobilise the strategic sites accelerator, which will operate across the nation.
We expect to communicate how and when the programme will deploy in the coming period into spring.
As he knows, RAF Wyton is a key site for cyber and specialist operations command.
It is an important asset for our nation.
I, or the relevant Minister, will of course meet him to discuss how we can better support that site going forward, but already within Government it is a very highly valued asset.
Luxfer Gas Cylinders in my constituency employs more than 200 people and is a key supplier to hydrogen allocation round 1 projects.
It wants to expand to become the UK’s only manufacturer of high pressure hydrogen cylinders for hydrogen tube trailers and hydrogen vehicle fuel systems, which are currently imported.
Will the Minister meet me and other MPs who have significant hydrogen and fuel cell manufacturers in their constituencies to discuss how existing Government support for hydrogen can best drive UK growth and jobs?
I was pleased to address a meeting of Hydrogen UK just last week, where I reaffirmed Government support for the sector, which we have recognised through our industrial strategy and the clean energy industries sector plan.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss in particular Luxfer’s ambitions to invest more in the UK.