My hon.
Friend speaks powerfully on behalf of her constituents, and I know that she is not the only one; as I mentioned, my own constituents have great concern about family, friends and others in Sudan and have done so for a long time.
It is absolutely right that she puts their concerns on the record.
If I may, I will get back to her on consular access.
There are obviously extremely challenging circumstances on the ground—even humanitarian organisations and the United Nations are unable to access the region—but I will get back to her on what steps we can take through our consular services.
Can the Minister explain to the House what is the attitude of other states in the region towards this conflict?
Is there any prospect that they could unite and possibly make some form of physical intervention to separate the warring sides in Sudan?
Obviously it is not for me to speak to the individual policies of countries in the region, but the right hon.
Gentleman will know that, regrettably, to date it has not been possible to find a consensus in the United Nations Security Council on a way forward.
We push for that and always attempt to do so in our engagement as the penholder—we will do so again today, particularly in the light of events—but ultimately it is the parties to the conflict that are responsible for what is happening.
We are in direct contact and are urging restraint.
We are all horrified by the attack on El Fasher maternity hospital overnight and the increasing death toll.
The Minister has highlighted the scale of the humanitarian crisis in Sudan, with more than 13 million people displaced from their homes over the past two  years and, sadly, 3.5 million children under the age of 5 now suffering from acute malnutrition.
We cannot allow that to go on.
Can the Minister tell us what we are doing to get humanitarian aid to the millions who desperately need it, especially children?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and my noble Friend the Minister in the other place have made it clear that we will continue to play a key humanitarian role, and we have committed to protecting our funding to support people affected by this crisis over the next three years.
We will provide in total £120 million this year, delivering aid to more than 650,000 people, which makes us the third-largest donor.
My hon.
Friend can be absolutely assured that this issue is at the top of our agenda, particularly the situation for children, as she rightly mentions.
With so many conflicts around the world, I am sad to say that we have failed them as a House, as a country and as humanity, whether it be in Ukraine or in Gaza, but what we have not done is forget those other conflicts.
This conflict is now in its third year, with more than 150,000 dead and the worst humanitarian crisis as we speak.
We have not only failed them, but forgotten them.
That is what the Sudanese diaspora in this country tell me all the time.
Will the Minister agree to meet with the Darfur Diaspora Association UK and hear its concerns, because it feels unheard?
I absolutely recognise the concerns of the Sudanese diaspora in this country—indeed, I have many different members of the Sudanese diaspora in my constituency of Cardiff South and Penarth—and I absolutely assure the hon.
Gentleman that they have not been forgotten by this Government or by many Members of this House.
Many of us have spoken on these issues over many years and have worked to try to find ways forward, to ensure that support is given and there is an end to this terrible conflict.
He can be absolutely assured that we engage regularly with different groups.
I will pass on his request to my colleague in the other place and hope to be able to get back to him in due course.
I am grateful to my experienced right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for her urgent question.
As the grandson of a proud Jamaican, I am grateful to the Minister for updating us on efforts to mitigate the impact of Hurricane Melissa.
The events in Sudan are inexplicably evil.
The brutal murder of people at a hospital in recent days and over many months are frankly crimes against humanity, and I add my voice to urging the Minister to engage as much as he can with the Sudanese diaspora not just in Newcastle-under-Lyme, but up and down the country.
The two words we have not yet heard are “African Union”.
Can the Minister tell me what engagement has taken place with the African Union in recent days to ensure that the power of that body is exercised as quickly as possible?
We need much shorter questions, please.
We engage across a whole range of diplomatic relations—our special representative and others do so, and we do so in the United Nations.
I am happy to come back to my hon.
Friend specifically on what contact we have had with African Union representatives in recent days.
There are many displaced people in other countries in the region as a consequence of the violence in Sudan.
What additional support are the UK Government giving to those countries to support those displaced people?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to talk about displaced people—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  mentioned Tawila.
I can assure him that our humanitarian aid is targeted to have the biggest impact, and we look very closely at the situation of displaced people, particularly those who have also experienced atrocities, and especially women and girls who may have experienced sexual violence.
That will remain at the top of our agenda.