I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady for welcoming me to the Dispatch Box.
We are very aware that we inherited a crisis—a crisis created by the Conservative party, including the state in which they left our global relations, the lack of growth in the economy and the effects of the mini-Budget.
The reputation of our country was in tatters as a result and our public services were on their knees, but all of those things are being turned around because of the decisions taken by this Chancellor.
The Conservatives should be celebrating the fact that we had the fastest growing economy in the G7 for the first six months of this year, because these are the kinds of actions that show we are getting growth and stability back into our economy, and give businesses the predictability upon which to build future success and prosperity and the creation of jobs.
The Conservatives should be celebrating that, not talking our country down.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the industrial strategy.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the industrial strategy.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the industrial strategy.
The whole of Government are focused on delivering the industrial strategy, and significant progress has already been made.
This month, we published our new quarterly update, which reports on the key economic indicators for growth-driving sectors, delivery milestones and major investments.
With over £250 billion of investment committed and over 45,000 jobs supported since July, we are delivering on that vision.
Mid and South Pembrokeshire plays a vital role in the UK’s energy sector, supplying 20% of the UK’s energy.
This Government have recognised that the future of Britain’s energy security depends on Pembrokeshire, identifying us as a key growth region and investing in our workforce with an £800,000 skills pilot.
Will the Minister set out how the industrial strategy will help empower communities from Pembroke Dock to Milford Haven to continue to lead the way in our energy security and help generate local economic growth?
My hon.
Friend has been a constant advocate for the energy potential of Pembrokeshire.
That is why the industrial strategy supported south-west Wales’s clean energy potential through targeted investment in infrastructure and workforce development.
The strategy will build on that using the potential of the port of Milford Haven, floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea and carbon capture technologies.
The £800,000 skills pilot that he refers to underpins that clean energy industries sector plan.
The National Wealth Fund will also benefit Wales, as it will invest in the sectors he mentions that are prevalent in that area.
Cornwall has a huge role to play in making Britain a clean energy superpower.
As Ministers will be aware, much thought has already gone into the making of an industrial strategy for Cornwall.
The crucial piece now is to unlock the funding needed for industrial and economic development, particularly in the wake of the shared prosperity fund coming to an end.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Ministry for Housing, Communities and Local Government about the prospect of a set of investment measures to replace shared prosperity funding and ensure the realisation of Cornwall’s unique industrial potential?
I know from holidaying in my hon.
Friend’s constituency that it is a place of incredible beauty, but I know from his constant advocacy that it is also a place of huge industrial potential.
Cornwall will benefit from access to the £200 million investment fund, which provides debt and equity finance of up to £5 million for businesses in the south-west.
That has already delivered £51.8 million of direct investment, leveraging an additional £48.1 million.
I know he has big plans for industry in Cornwall, and we will work with him, especially on access to finance, to ensure that we can unlock that potential.
We will of course work with our colleagues in MHCLG.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for British buses.
Our bus manufacturing industry supports thousands of jobs across the country, but faces an existential challenge from China.
Market share has increased rapidly, and the Scottish National party’s disastrous ScotZEB 2 scheme sent less than 20% of orders to Scotland’s sole manufacturer, which directly jeopardised 400 jobs earlier this year.
What urgent interventions are Ministers considering to contend with the rise in Chinese market share?
Has the Minister discussed this issue with colleagues in the Department for Transport prior to the publication of the 10-year bus pipeline next month?
Record bus funding should not be a shopping list for China.
I share my hon.
Friend’s frustration at the lack of an industrial strategy from the SNP Government in Edinburgh.
It has meant that workers at Alexander Dennis in his constituency are on furlough rather than doing what they do best: making world-class buses for public transport.
For our part, we are supporting combined mayoral authorities to co-ordinate the procurement of buses through a Crown Commercial Service commercial agreement, and we are publishing a 10-year pipeline of future bus orders to provide the much-needed certainty that the sector requires.
That includes providing advice on using social value criteria that suppliers such as Alexander Dennis are well placed to meet when procuring new buses, such as creating and retaining jobs in a way that respects our legal obligations.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for keeping this issue on the agenda.
It is no use the Secretary State looking at me with a grin as though I am out of order.
We are still only on the second question and I have to get some other Members in—that is all I am bothered about.
It will get worse shortly—I have got Jim to come!
I call Robin Swann.
I will not take the dig about being short personally, Mr Speaker.
The industrial strategy and the strategic defence review both offer great opportunities to the entire United Kingdom.
Can I seek reassurances from the Minister that he will work with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland businesses get benefit out of both?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Member that reassurance.
I have already met with my opposite number in the Northern Ireland Executive.
The hon.
Member mentions defence industries in particular, and it feels like every single month there is a significant defence order as part of the industrial strategy.
It shows that these are not just words on paper, but that we are delivering within the real economy.