If I may, I will start by thanking the Minister for his update on Hurricane Melissa.
On behalf of His Majesty’s official Opposition, I add my thoughts and solidarity for all those affected at this time.
I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question and to  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for raising the matter, because the reports of a massacre at the Saudi maternity hospital in El Fasher are appalling.
The deliberate targeting of civilians, including women and newborns, is a disgrace.
These latest atrocities underline the urgent need for renewed international resolve to protect civilians and ensure accountability for those responsible.
The Conservatives have consistently called for stronger, co-ordinated international action in Sudan.
As the UN Security Council penholder, the UK has both the platform and the responsibility to lead.
Will the Minister tell the House what concrete steps the Government will take next?
Will there be further targeted sanctions?
What diplomatic action is being taken to deter the entities whose support continues to sustain the conflict?
The Government hosted the international humanitarian conference on Sudan earlier this year.
What has materialised from that?
Has new funding been disbursed?
What progress has been made since those pledges were announced?
The collection and preservation of evidence is vital if perpetrators of these terrible crimes are to face justice.
Will the Minister tell us the latest developments in the UK’s support for accountability mechanisms?
Will the Government now redouble those efforts?
On humanitarian assistance, millions remain displaced, with aid routes under constant threat.
Will the Minister update the House on whether British aid is reaching those most in need?
What assessment has been made of its efficacy?
Sudan matters to its people, to regional stability and to our shared humanity.
The UK must not shrink from its responsibilities to protect civilians, to pursue peace and to support the path to a democratic future.
I associate myself with the shadow Minister’s comments, and with her horror and concern about this situation, which I think is shared across the House.
The right hon.
Member asked about our work at the United Nations.
As I said to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Oxford East, we will be using the session today to call for all parties to adhere to their obligations under international law, and to say that the perpetrators of crimes must be held accountable.
We need to see an end to this violence, and the latest reports are simply shocking and horrific.
The right hon.
Member asked about diplomatic action.
As I have said, we are in close contact with members of the Quad, and all others, given our role as the penholder at the Security Council, and I am happy to update her on that in due course.
She asked about sanctions.
She will know that we do not comment on future designations, but I assure her that we keep these matters under close review.
The right hon.
Member asked about the humanitarian response, and our assistance is aimed at supporting 650,000 people.
We are the third largest donor, and more than 2.5 million people in Sudan have benefited from UK aid since the outbreak of the conflict in 2023, due to actions taken by her Government and by ours since the election.
We continue to use every forum we can to act.
During the United Nations General Assembly session Baroness Chapman, the Minister for International Development and Africa in the other place, co-hosted a high-level event with Liberia and the Netherlands on these issues, and condemned the parties’ disregard for international law.
Urgent accountability was the last issue that the right hon.
Member raised, and I assure her that that is central to what we are doing.
The support that we provide to different organisations is clear, including our long-standing support for the International Criminal Court and other organisations bringing all those responsible for atrocities to justice.
Indeed, the first convictions have taken place at the ICC in relation to activities in Darfur in earlier phases of this terrible conflict.
The massacre of civilians at El Fasher maternity hospital is just the latest in a series of atrocities in Sudan, and 1.2 million pregnant  and breastfeeding women face famine and malnutrition.
Sexual violence is widespread, and the Rapid Support Forces are using rape as a weapon of war, in blatant violation of international law.
What assurances can the Minister give that the UK is acting to alleviate this humanitarian disaster, and can he assure the House that there is no risk of UK-manufactured arms being used by the RSF?
My hon.
Friend rightly raises the horrific reports of sexual and gender-based violence in this conflict.
We are providing specific support on that through our women’s integrated sexual health programme and the diplomatic action that I mentioned in relation to my colleague Baroness Chapman and others.
We are also looking at new programmes where we can support women-led organisations in responding to the atrocities that have been going on.
As I said, that accountability will be key.
My hon.
Friend asked about the arms control regime, and I assure her that we keep these matters under close review and take any allegations incredibly seriously.