I associate my party with the remarks about Hurricane Melissa, and wish those on the island of Jamaica all our best wishes at this difficult time.
I am grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for securing this urgent question, and to you for granting it, Mr Speaker.
As everyone has stated, the reports of the massacre of civilians by the RSF in El Fasher are truly horrific, yet the tragedy is that the international community was warned, and there has been a pattern of these terrible atrocities by the RSF.
The question for the Minister today is: has the UK done enough?
On  26 June , the Prime Minister said that we do not spend enough time on Sudan in this House.
That might be because the Minister for Africa sits in the other place, but when Lord Purvis asked Baroness Chapman on  17 July  about the UK’s work to enforce UN Security Council resolution 2736 on the protection of civilians in El Fasher, she said: “I often find myself asking what the point is of many of these declarations”.—[Official Report, House of Lords,
17 July 2025 ; Vol. 847, c. 2000.]
Is the Minister equally defeatist about the UK’s role as a penholder at the UN, or will the UK use its position today to press for a Sudan-wide arms embargo?
On the role of UK weapons in the conflict, which has been widely reported, will the Minister today ban arms sales to the UAE, until it is confirmed that the UAE is not using British weapons to arm the RSF?
The hon.
Gentleman raises important issues.
Given his previous career and having worked with him in the past, I know of his sincerity on these matters.
Ultimately, the parties involved are responsible for the conflict.
If the allegations turn out to be true, we are clear that anybody responsible must be held accountable and we will not rest until that is done, both through our role at the United Nations and in relation to supporting accountability for any atrocities that have been committed.
We of course engage on a very close basis.
It is not just about statements; it is about direct contact by our special representative Richard Crowder and the team in Addis Ababa with the parties and other members of the Quad.
It is also about our role in galvanising international attention on the issue.
I agree that for a long time the conflict has not received the attention that it should have received, as I have always made clear.
We are having a direct impact through the aid and support that we provide, particularly in relation to the horrific impact on women and girls.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about arms exports.
I can assure him that we have one of the tightest and most restrictive arms export control regimes in the world.
We constantly keep these matters under review.
I assure him that I am in regular contact with officials on these matters, and we will take any allegations that are made very seriously.
I would like to give the Minister the opportunity to be as robust as possible on the issue of arms exports.
Do the Government consider the reports that UK military equipment exported to the UAE has been found on the battlefield to be credible?
Has the UAE been challenged on that?
Are the relevant export licences under review and, if needed, will we cancel them?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we take these issues very seriously.
We take allegations that any UK-made equipment may have been transferred to Sudan in breach of the UK arms embargo very seriously.
That reflects the point made by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The UK has one of the most robust arms export control regimes in the world.
We constantly assess our licences for the risk of diversion and we regularly prevent exports that might be diverted to an undesirable end user or end use.
We are aware of reports of a small number of UK-made items having been found in Sudan, but there is no evidence in the recent reporting of UK weapons or ammunition being used in Sudan.
I will keep these matters under close review.