This week, the other place voted for five reasonable amendments to the Employment Rights Bill, representing a meaningful compromise with cross-party support to mitigate some of the worst of the damage caused by the Bill.
As the Office for Budget Responsibility now scores the impact of that legislation, this is one of the last chances to avoid the costs, taxes and spending cuts that will result from it.
Will the Secretary of State now put country before party, do the right thing by British business and accept those compromise amendments?
I am grateful for the shadow Secretary of State’s warm words.
He shadowed me when I first went into my role at the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology; he was then moved here before me, so I have followed him to this role.
I watch with trepidation the next reshuffle on his Benches.
The shadow Secretary of State mentions the workers’ rights Bill, which is still between the two Houses; I hope we will be reconciled as soon as possible so that it can get Royal Assent and benefit workers and businesses right across the nation.
Once the Bill passes, we will, of course, undertake a period of implementation.
My predecessor and the previous Deputy Prime Minister, who championed this legislation, were clear from the outset that the Bill will modernise the British workplace so that it is beneficial for businesses and for the people who work in them.
The modern economy has changed; it is different from 20 years ago.
The Conservatives had the time to modernise the economy and the relationships within workplaces, and they chose not to take that— Order.
I don’t want to do this, but this is topicals, and all these Members need to get in.
We did not get through the list already.
You have to help me to help them.
I will save time, Mr Speaker, by not mentioning the 13 leading business organisations that have all called for certainty now—not well-intentioned future consultations on implementation, but certainty now, because jobs and the economy are bleeding out.
The Secretary of State will know that even the Resolution Foundation—that wonderful finishing school for aspiring Labour Ministers—said this week that some of the measures in the Bill should not be proceeded with.
Again, the Conservatives had 14 years in which the economy was changing.
They had the chance to tackle zero-hours contracts, and what did they do?
Nothing.
They had the chance to tackle fire and rehire, and they did nothing.
They had the chance to tackle the challenges of being an app-based employee, and they chose to do nothing.
We are acting to modernise the economy and the relationship out there between businesses and workers because that is what is needed.
It is what workers and businesses need, and it is what this Government are delivering.
Last  Friday, alongside my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State, I attended the Get Britain Growing: South East conference, which discussed opportunities across advanced manufacturing, life sciences, digital innovation and beyond.
Will the Minister set out how the industrial strategy will ensure that Bracknell and the wider south-east reaches its full potential?
My hon.
Friend is a dynamic advocate for a dynamic part of the country in the Thames valley.
The industrial strategy and its sector plans highlight the strengths in his area, especially in tech and life sciences.
Alongside the national package to grow the sector, specific interventions in the south-east include an AI growth zone in Culham, support for the Solent freeport, expanding the British Business Bank’s nations and regions investment fund and major projects backing the Oxford to Cambridge growth corridor.
We will keep working with my hon.
Friend to unlock the potential across the south-east.