Labour’s industrial strategy recognises that housing and infrastructure are vital to driving regional investment.
But as I hope the Minister will know, across the road, the Treasury has been quietly consulting on changes to the landfill tax, ending the decades-long exemption for quarries.
That change would add millions of pounds on to infra- structure projects and increase tax costs for construction businesses across the country.
How would such a move help grow our economy and build the homes and infra- structure that we need?
We are fast approaching the time of year when I have to tell my children that they will have to wait until Christmas to find out what their presents are.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that he has to wait until the Budget to find out what is in the Budget.
He mentioned planning.
We have made huge changes to planning rules, which have resulted in a saving of about £272 million in red-tape costs for business, so we are ensuring that that sector, in particular, has the environment it needs to contribute to growth.
I am afraid that is not good enough.
The industry is facing deep uncertainty around the kite flying going on across the road at the Treasury.
I realise that he is not responsible for that, but he needs a better answer for the construction industry.
The Construction  Products Association has just cut its growth forecast for the sector to barely 1% next year, warning that the uncertainty over new taxes is choking investment.
I will ask the Minister again: how on earth will adding £28,000 to the cost of a new home, or 25% to road construction costs, through a new builders tax do anything other than cement the slowdown that Labour is overseeing in our economy?
To stand up and raise uncertainty, and then complain about it, is quite something.
The shadow Minister said that we are slowing growth; we were the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first half of 2025.
We are now the fourth-largest exporter in the world, and we have had five interest-rate cuts in a row— Do you even know what the question was?
Order.
Mr Timothy, you used to be an adviser who specialised in not answering questions; we do not need any help!
[Laughter.]
More!
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am glad that those on the Opposition Benches recognise excellence when they see it.