The Minister talked about the special representative’s contact, but what specific conversations have the Foreign Secretary and Ministers had with their counterparts, particularly in the Quad countries—the United States said it wanted to take a leadership position on these issues—but also in Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates on the issue of civilian protection?
Secondly, I was pleased to hear that an emergency session of the Security Council has been called.
What will the UK Government press other countries in the UN to commit to at that session?
Thirdly, are the Government confident that the arms control export regime has been robust in this case, given recent reports?
What is the Government’s assessment of claims that El Fasher appears to be at the start of a systematic and intentional process of ethnic cleansing of Fur, Zaghawa and Berti indigenous communities, through forced displacement and summary execution?
Finally, what are the Government doing to prevent what is happening in El Fasher from also happening in Tawila, to which so many thousands of terrified civilians have fled?
I share my right hon.
Friend’s outrage and horror at the reports we are receiving.
We have made repeated calls for restraint on all sides in this conflict.
We have shown leadership as the UN penholder, as one of the largest donors, through our work with partners, including those in the Quad, and through the work of our special representative.
I know that she reflects the concerns of many Sudanese living in the United Kingdom, including in my constituency, about what is happening.
My right hon.
Friend asked some specific questions.
We are in regular contact with our partners in the Quad and engage with all the countries regularly at both ministerial and official level.
Senior officials, including the special representative, are speaking on an ongoing basis and asking all parties to show restraint and to refrain from activity that prolongs the conflict.
My right hon.
Friend asked about the situation in Tawila.
We want to ensure that people are supported, particularly those who have fled.
As I said, we have mobilised  £23 million to support the emergency humanitarian response.
I am happy to come back to her with further details.
My right hon.
Friend asked about the position that we will take at the Security Council.
It will be very much in line with the position we have taken throughout, which is to call for an immediate end to the violence and to ensure that international humanitarian law is respected and upheld, that sexual violence is brought to an end and that we protect civilians in line with international law.
It is crucial that we continue to support accountability efforts for such atrocities, particularly as evidence emerges.
We support the Centre for Information Resilience and non-governmental organisations looking to collect evidence of atrocities.
We will not rest until all evidence has been collated and action is taken to hold people accountable.
We recently supported, for the third year running, lobbying efforts to secure the mandate renewal of the UN fact-finding mission at the UN Human Rights Council on  6 October .
That is the only UN mechanism investigating human rights violations and abuse in Sudan.
As hon.
Members will be aware, it has not been allowed access by either side in the conflict, so it is incredibly difficult to establish what is happening, but we are looking carefully at all the evidence.
My right hon.
Friend asked about the importance of our export control regime.
I confirm that we continue to emphasise to all parties the importance of refraining from actions that prolong the conflict.
Indeed, we want to see people come to the negotiating table to seek a political resolution.
We take seriously any allegation that any equipment may have been transferred to Sudan in breach of any of our arms embargoes or conditions.
I assure her that I am in contact with our officials on these matters.
We must absolutely ensure that nothing is getting in that could facilitate these horrific scenes.
We share my right hon.
Friend’s horror and will continue to play a leading role, including at the United Nations Security Council later today.