I am extremely grateful for the invitation.
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that when we have the opportunity to take delegations abroad, the Scotch Whisky Association and representatives of those distilleries are always with us.
We fight hard for the Scotch whisky business.
We know how important it is right across the United Kingdom and to the UK’s economy overall.
The week before last I was in India with the Prime Minister where we were furthering the trade deal we have secured and making sure that we exploit all the opportunities that these trade deals present.
It is important to not only secure trade deals but make sure that we exploit all the opportunities right across the economy.
That deal alone will unleash over £1 billion-worth of opportunities for the Scotch whisky industry, and that is something we should all celebrate.
In taking steps to improve our trading relationship with other countries, I welcome the new sanctions announced by the UK and the US targeting Russia’s two largest oil companies: Rosneft and Lukoil.
However, despite pointing out to Ministers on several occasions that hundreds of billions of pounds have been generated for Russia as a result of  oil and gas being shipped under British companies with British insurance, no action has been taken to stop this.
Given that every vessel transporting Russian liquefied natural gas is financing the destruction of Ukrainian villages, towns and cities and the deaths of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, when will this Government act to end the complicity of UK companies in this?
The hon.
Member will know that the Prime Minister and this Government stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine, and we have since the moment we came into office.
We are highly aware of the risks that Russia poses, not just to Ukraine but to the continent of Europe.
We are also aware of the constant attacks this country undergoes from cyber-security threats via Russia and Russia-sponsored activity.
I can assure the hon.
Member, from conversations I constantly have across Government and the forums across Government I am part of, that we are very aware of this threat and act constantly against it.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on the potential impact of the trading relationship with the US on the farming sector.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for his question.
The UK was the first country to secure such an agreement with the US—one which will save thousands of jobs, protect key British industries and farmers, and drive economic growth.
People said that it would be impossible to deliver such a deal without compromising on food standards, but we have proven them wrong.
This Government have delivered a deal that protects our high food standards while giving British farmers access to a market of 340 million people where they can sell their high-quality beef.