Many small businesses rely on Facebook advertising to reach customers, but too many find that if they get hacked, it takes too long for Meta to let them back into their account.
That  has been the case for Andy Campbell, who runs ATR Carpet Cleaning.
Will the Minister advise on how we can get the likes of Meta to reconnect these people with their accounts, because Meta is not doing that for us?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
One of my constituents is in a similar case, and it is devastating.
For a large business, fraud and economic crime is an inconvenience; for a small business, it can be existential.
That is one of the reasons why, this week, we are communicating with small businesses to ensure that they up their cyber-security.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman on this issue.
What steps is the Department taking to improve access to finance for UK start-ups seeking to scale up, given that only 1% of UK start-ups raise equity of more than £100 million?
By comparison, in the US, 6% of start-ups do so.
Furthermore, how can we ensure that women get a fair share of access to finance?
My hon.
Friend asks exactly the right questions, which I am extremely grateful for, because they are central to the programme of economic reform that this Government are undertaking.
She will know from the Mansion House reforms that we are unlocking capital into our economy via the pensions reforms being undertaken.
We are making sure, right from the start, that women have a voice.
I did the same in my role in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and in this role, I will continue to ensure that women are championed right across the economy, that we get capital where it needs to be, and that we accept that we have brilliant businesses that need targeted intervention, which we will provide to make sure that scale-ups happen.
Power Roll in my constituency has pioneered a world-beating, flexible, lightweight solar panel module.
The next four weeks are a critical period for the company; a £5 million investment is needed to keep production and jobs in the north-east.
Will my hon.
and right hon.
Friends on the Front Bench work with me to help secure this Great British innovation’s future in east Durham?
I am familiar with Power Roll.
I have met the chief executive, and my hon.
Friend has advocated extremely well for the company.
I have also met potential investors in the business.
I am happy to discuss that further with him after questions today.
In recent years, imported bricks have made up nearly 20% of the UK brick market, yet I know that organisations such as Ibstock Brick in North West Leicestershire can supply the bricks for the homes that we need.
How do we make sure that UK brick manufacturers can maximise investment, employ local people and deliver the bricks that we need for the future?
I am determined that this Government’s grand ambition for building will ensure that we supply more UK bricks, have fewer imports, and increase the productivity of our brick kilns around the country, including at Ibstock.
The key is getting energy prices down, and that is what we are working on for our industrial strategy.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if she will make a statement on the UK’s activity to promote the protection of civilians, following a reported massacre at El Fasher’s Saudi maternity hospital.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, before answering my right hon.
Friend’s question, I will say a few words about Hurricane Melissa, which is currently a category 1 or 2 hurricane.
It is passing through the Bahamas’ outer islands and is impacting our British overseas territory, the Turks and Caicos Islands.
I have been in touch with the Governor and Premier in the last day.
We have deployed response teams to the region and mobilised £2.5 million in emergency humanitarian aid to help Jamaica rebuild in the wake of this disaster, the full scale of which is only now becoming clear.
I am sure that the House will concur with the words of His Majesty the King and all those who have sent their support and solidarity to all those affected, and will be thinking of those who have lost their life, not just in Jamaica, but in Haiti and other countries across the region.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to ask this question.
She will know of my keen interest in this issue over many years, including during the time in my career when I was working with Oxfam in her constituency on these issues, and with our late close friend, Jo Cox, on past atrocities and appalling situations in the conflict in Sudan.
The reports of mass atrocities against civilians, and of the forced displacement caused by the Rapid Support Forces advances in El Fasher, are horrifying and deeply alarming.
The scale of suffering is unconscionable.
What is happening is often based on people’s ethnicity.
Women and girls face widespread sexual and gender-based violence, and there is evidence mounting of defenceless civilians being executed and tortured, with aid workers also being targeted as they try to reach the most vulnerable communities facing famine.
As the United Nations Security Council penholder, we have called an emergency council session later today to maintain the spotlight on this situation, and to build pressure on the RSF to de-escalate, in line with UN Security Council resolution 2736.
Yesterday, the Foreign Secretary issued a statement condemning the killing of aid workers, including the executions reported in the Saudi maternity hospital, which was one of the last functioning facilities in El Fasher.
That followed her statement on  27 October , which called on the RSF to protect civilians and urgently facilitate safe, rapid and unimpeded humanitarian access.
As the third-largest donor, we are mobilising £23 million of the £120 million announced in April to support the emergency humanitarian response in North Darfur.
That will support those facing sexual violence, and go towards the delivery of lifesaving food and health assistance by partners such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, the Sudan Humanitarian Fund and the Cash Consortium of Sudan.
As the Foreign Secretary said, the RSF leadership are responsible for the actions of their forces.
All parties to the conflict must urgently act to protect civilians and facilitate safe, rapid and unimpeded humanitarian access.
I can confirm that our special representative has been in contact with the RSF and Tasis to press for restraint and respect for international humanitarian law, and they are pressing for a call with Hemedti now.
Mr Speaker, I am very grateful to you for granting this urgent question.
The scale of suffering in Sudan’s war on civilians is almost impossible to comprehend.
A population the size of Australia’s are living in acute hunger.
A population the size of London’s have been forced to flee their home.
There are consistent reports of conflict-related sexual violence, and consistent warnings that if the international community do not act, we will effectively see a slow-motion Srebrenica.
The Minister set out the reports of what may have happened at El Fasher’s maternity hospital yesterday evening; 460 people could have been slaughtered in a maternity hospital—patients, their companions and medical staff.
This surely must be a turning point in the war, and for the international community’s focus on it.