The Secretary of State is right that any threat of an imminent increase in US beef imports in particular is clearly not the problem, but it has not gone away either.
The US Department of Agriculture has a foreign agricultural service with 100 different offices, embassies and trade missions.
They work with US farming groups around the world to promote their product, and they are not spending that money just to stand still.
What will the Secretary of State be doing to ensure that our farmers have the same opportunities, so that they can see free trade agreements not just as threats but opportunities too?
I am grateful for the right hon.
Member’s insightful and thoughtful contribution.
As I said, striking trade deals is vital.
That is why we put so much energy into it and have had so much success, and there will be more to come.
It is very important that the whole British economy and Government make sure that we exploit the full opportunities that all these agreements offer.
The Department for Business and Trade has embedded highly talented trade experts right across the world, and they are trying to do just that on the frontline of all the economic opportunities we perceive around the world, and that includes agriculture.
If there are  specific areas where the right hon.
Member perceives that the agricultural sector, either in his patch or across the United Kingdom, has an opportunity that is not yet being exploited, I want to hear from and work with him to make sure that British farmers benefit.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in the Jaguar Land Rover supply chain affected by the recent cyber-attack.
All Jaguar Land Rover’s UK factories have restarted and the company is offering a financing scheme to qualifying suppliers.
UK Export Finance has also provided a partial guarantee for a £1.5 billion loan from commercial lenders to help JLR manage its businesses and pay its suppliers.
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s continued advocacy for the Jaguar Land Rover supply chain, in particular small businesses in the Burnley constituency.
I understand that small businesses are now receiving support through the scheme, although more work needs to be done.