S-116

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mitch

Graves, and Jeff Hagood, both of Tennessee, Rand Arthur

Graham, of Florida, each to be a Member of the Board of

Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine labor law reform part 2,

focusing on new solutions for finding a pro-worker way

forward.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephen

Carmel, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the

Maritime Administration, Laura DiBella, of Florida, and

Robert Harvey, of Florida, both to be a Federal

Maritime Commissioner, and Timothy Petty, of Indiana,

to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and

Atmosphere.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine modernizing health care,

focusing on how shoppable services improve outcomes and

lower costs.
OCTOBER 23

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the 340B program, focusing on

examining its growth and impact on patients.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Edward

Forst, of Florida, to be Administrator of General

Services, Charles Arrington, of Illinois, to be a

Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a

term expiring July 1, 2030, Paul Ingrassia, of New

York, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel,

for the term of five years, John Cuong Truong, Elana S.

Suttenberg, and Stephen F. Rickard, each to be an

Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District

of Columbia for the term of fifteen years, William

Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small

Business Administration, Anthony D'Esposito, of New

York, to be Inspector General, Department of Labor, and

Platte Moring, of South Carolina, to be Inspector

General, Department of Defense.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine the beneficial use and

regulation of chemicals.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Amer

Ghalib, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the State of

Kuwait.
POSTPONEMENTS

OCTOBER 23

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine an update from the Prudential

regulators, focusing on rightsizing to promote American

opportunity.