Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
173

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, October 21, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 22

Time to be announced

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nomination of John

Bartrum, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Veterans

Affairs for Health.
S-216

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 2960, to develop economic

tools to deter aggression by the People's Republic of

China against Taiwan, S. 2130, to make improvements to

the AUKUS partnership, S. 2424, to require a report of,

and a strategy to combat, arms sales of the Government

of the People's Republic of China, S. 1744, to amend

the Arms Export Control Act to include Taiwan among the

list of recipient countries with respect to which

shorter certification and reporting periods apply and

to expedite licensing for allies transferring military

equipment to Taiwan, S. 2626, to strengthen the

leadership role of the United States at the Inter-

American Development Bank, S. 2146, to require the

United States Executive Director at the International

Monetary Fund to advocate for increased transparency

with respect to exchange rate policies of the People's

Republic of China, S. 2950, to require the Secretary of

State and relevant executive branch agencies to address

international scam compounds defrauding people in the

United States, to hold significant transnational

criminal organizations accountable, S. 2550, to provide

for international cooperation to secure critical

mineral supply chains, S. 1854, to require the

imposition of sanctions with respect to political and

economic elites in Haiti, S. 2657, to impose sanctions

relating to the support of the People's Republic of

China for the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian

Federation, S. 2018, to modify certain limitations and

exclusions regarding defense articles and requirements

regarding security assistance and sales with respect to

the Republic of Cyprus, S. 799, to establish and

implement a multi-year Legal Gold and Mining

Partnership Strategy to reduce the negative

environmental and social impacts of illicit gold mining

in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2684, to support

countries in Latin America and the Caribbean that

maintain official diplomatic relations with Taiwan, to

counter efforts by the People's Republic of China to

coerce or pressure governments into breaking such ties,

to deepen coordination with Taiwan on diplomatic,

development, and economic engagement in the Western

Hemisphere, S. 2224, to amend the Taiwan Allies

International Protection and Enhancement Initiative

(TAIPEI) Act of 2019 to provide that the United States,

in its role as a member of any international

organizations, should oppose any attempts by the

People's Republic of China to resolve Taiwan's status

by distorting the decisions, language, policies, or

procedures of any such organization, S. 2918, to amend

the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for

Ukrainians Act to improve the implementation of the

seizure of Russian sovereign assets for the benefit of

Ukraine, S. 1000, to establish an Ambassador-at-Large

for Arctic Affairs, S. Res.