At 9.31 am on the morning of Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar, we saw the sickening terrorist attack on worshippers at Heaton Park synagogue in Manchester by an Islamist extremist.
The brutal attack left two men dead, Melvin Cravitz and Adrian Daulby, and three more injured.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims and their families whose lives were so wickedly torn apart on that holy morning.
I want to thank Greater Manchester police and others in the security and emergency services for responding so quickly, and the brave worshippers inside the synagogue who stopped the attacker from entering.
I join the Home Secretary in saying that I hope the IOPC completes its work quickly and that its conclusions reflect the fact that the police officers acted with courage in what was a very dangerous, unpredictable and fast-moving situation.
Sadly, we know that antisemitism is at record highs in the UK.
The Community Security Trust recorded over 1,500 antisemitic incidents across the UK in the first half of this year, the second-highest level ever, and Jewish people in our country, tragically, face far higher rates of hate crime than any other community.
We must stand with this country’s Jewish community and fight with all our resolve and energy the ancient evil of antisemitism wherever it is found.
It has no place on these shores—not ever.
To be clear, attacks based on race or religion are totally unacceptable.
The recent attack on a mosque in Peacehaven was appalling, and I know that we all unreservedly condemn it.
Everyone in this country in all communities, including the Muslim community, must have the courage to stand up to extremism wherever we see it.
Standing by and saying nothing when encountering extremism is complicity.
That is why the antisemitism that is rife on university campuses must also be fought.
The Home Secretary mentioned that in her statement, but will she work with her colleagues in Government to withdraw funding from universities that do not do enough to fight antisemitism?
We must do more than just call out extremism.
Anyone espousing extremist views or who expresses support for terrorism, or racial or religious hatred of any kind, including antisemitism, who is not a British citizen should be removed from this country.
Will the Home Secretary commit today to using her powers under the Immigration Act 1971 to remove from this country any foreign national who expresses extremist views or sympathy for political violence, terrorism, antisemitism or any other form of religious hatred, whether or not the criminal threshold is met?
She could make that commitment now.
Will she show that she is serious about fighting extremism by doing so?
I agree with the Home Secretary that the protests on  7 October  this year, the anniversary of the terrorist murders by Hamas and just days after the Manchester  attack, were appalling—“un-British”, in her words, which I agree with.
The protests have continued even after the recent peace agreement relating to Gaza was signed, and, of course, they started before Israel’s military action in Gaza.
In principle, I support her proposed introduction of a new cumulative impact test to sections 12 and 14 of the Public Order Act, but will she also consider expanding that test to also account for intimidation felt by other communities as a result of protest?
Does the Home Secretary also agree that anyone expressing support for a proscribed terrorist organisation or who incites violence, for example by calling for jihad or intifada, should be arrested and prosecuted?
Since the attack, the police confirmed the attacker pledged allegiance to Islamic State and was influenced by extreme Islamist ideology, as the Home Secretary acknowledged.
Islamist extremism is sadly a threat we know all too well in the United Kingdom.
In July, we remembered the 52 people murdered by Islamist terrorists in the 7/7 bombings, which took place 20 years ago—the deadliest terrorist attack committed on British soil.
We also remember Sir David Amess, also murdered by an Islamist extremist, and the 22 victims of the Manchester Arena attack, also murdered by an Islamist extremist.
We should not be afraid to call out this extremist ideology wherever we see it.
It has no place in this country.
Will the Home Secretary pledge to drop any definition of Islamophobia that would make calling out Islamist extremism any harder?
The fact is that 75% of MI5’s terrorism-related caseload is related to Islamist extremism, and the vast majority of terrorist murders in the past 25 years were perpetrated by Islamists, yet only 13% of the Prevent caseload is Islamist related.
What does the Home Secretary propose to do about that?
Britain gave perpetrator Jihad al-Shamie a home when he arrived here from Syria.
He then carried out a brutal attack on a synagogue, deliberately targeted at Jewish people, on the holiest day of the Jewish calendar.
We need to reflect very deeply on the implications of that.
Today, we must all stand together and fight the hatred of extremism and terror.
Attacks like this one are an attack on our whole nation.
We will never change our way of life, and we will never allow our fellow citizens to be threatened or attacked simply because of their background.
I know that the whole House will want to send out that message today.