Residents of Rutland overwhelmingly want to join Stamford, but the council is pressing ahead with an unwanted Leicestershire merger; residents of South Kesteven do not want to join a mega Lincolnshire council, but are being pushed towards it; and in Leicestershire my constituents do not want a Leicester city takeover.
What reassurance will the Government give that democracy will not die under these reforms, and that local people’s voices will be heard?
I can certainly confirm that democracy will not die.
I know that officials in the Department will have heard what the hon.
Lady has said, and I will accept her question as representations on the issue of local government.
In my kind and inclusive city of York, those who are putting up flags and expressing support for them have been emboldened to perpetrate racism and intimidate communities.
They have beaten people up and hung a death threat on our city wall.
What further support can the Government give my local authority to enable it to get those flags down, given that even contractors are being intimidated?
The flag is something that we must reclaim, and reclaim proudly.
We know that in some communities flags are being used to intimidate and divide, and we are working with local authorities throughout the country to ensure that they have the support that they need to make those judgment calls, but I return to the fact that the flag is ours, we need to reclaim it, and we need to stand up against those who want to divide our communities across the country.
The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 was never intended to be used by local authorities as an addendum to planning enforcement.
The Secretary of State may well have seen recent media reports about this issue.
Will he undertake to look into it and to issue guidance to local authorities, explaining that while they have many tools at their disposal, the Proceeds of Crime Act is not one of them?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised an important point, and I am happy to arrange a meeting with the appropriate Minister so that he can share his concerns and we can come to a resolution.