Nobody but nobody believes that 1.5 million homes will be built under this Government.
Although the Minister for Local Government and Homelessness,  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern) , spent a lot of time at the Dispatch Box, she did not answer the question about whether the Treasury will be asked to scrap stamp duty.
We know that 2.8 million people said that they would consider downsizing if stamp duty were abolished, freeing up family homes of all sizes.
She would not answer, so I ask the Secretary of State directly: will he ask the Treasury to scrap stamp duty—yes or no?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman was a strong supporter of Liz Truss when she stood for leadership of the Conservative party, but surely he cannot have forgotten what she did: she made multibillion pound unfunded spending commitments that crashed the economy, and sent wages down and prices, mortgages and rents skyrocketing.
The last thing this country needs is tens of billions of pounds of more unfunded commitments, crashing the economy again and destroying people’s dreams of home ownership— Order.
There are lots of Back Benchers who wish to speak and this is topical questions.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I asked for a simple yes or no, but the right hon.
Gentleman struggled to give that.
The truth is that we have outlined exactly where the money could come from and we have made it clear that if those on the Labour Front Bench have the guts to take on their Back Benchers, they will have the support of Conservative Members in making the expenditure cuts that are needed.
The London School of Economics has estimated that £16,000 of economic activity comes with  every house purchase, so if he will not agree to cutting stamp duty, will he at least agree to not putting up property taxes?
I have to say again that the right hon.
Gentleman’s devotion to Trussonomics is admirable, particularly given that we have already seen it fail once.
We heard from the shadow Chancellor that the Conservatives would put up income tax if they won the general election.
They put it up to the highest level since the second world war; we are not going there.
Tory cuts to local authorities cruelly caused lasting damage to many communities.
What a contrast to the Government’s Pride in Place programme awards to Park End and Thorntree in Middlesbrough, which will change lives for the better.
Does the Secretary of State agree that 100% council tax equalisation and a new children’s formula are essential elements to fully deliver for those communities that were totally overlooked by the Conservatives?
It is important that we get that right, and we will have further discussions about it shortly.
I might disagree with my hon.
Friend on the importance of Pride in Place, which will turn around some of the decline created by the Conservative party.