What steps his Department is taking to support local authorities to build social housing in Buckingham and Bletchley constituency.
The Government have taken decisive action to improve the capacity of all local authorities, including those in Buckingham and Bletchley, to build more social housing, including through our new £39 billion social and affordable homes programme, the new 10-year social housing rent settlement, and right-to-buy reform, so that we can reverse the decline seen under the previous Government.
The on-time, on-budget delivery of 183 new council homes for local families on the Lakes estate in Bletchley is a good demonstration of what Labour can achieve in local government.
Is my right hon.
Friend willing to visit Bletchley over the coming weeks and months to discuss how further investment from the social and affordable homes programme could help ambitious, pro-housebuilding councils like Milton Keynes to go even further for local people?
I am sure that it will come as no surprise to my hon.
Friend that I wholeheartedly welcome the delivery of 183 new council homes in his constituency.
I fully agree that the Lakes estate demonstrates the ambition of Milton Keynes city council to build the homes that its communities want and need.
I also value such councils’ support in helping the Government to meet our ambitious housebuilding targets, which include targets for the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in this country in a generation.
What steps he plans to take to ensure that new housing developments in Cheadle constituency have adequate access to infrastructure.
As per my answer to question 4, the changes that we made to national planning policy last year were intended to support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
When it comes to ensuring that necessary infrastructure is funded and brought forward in Cheadle or any other part of the country, we look to local development plans and infrastructure funding statements to address needs and opportunities.
Residents in Cheadle have contacted me about the huge number of speculative development applications coming through, particularly in Cheadle Hulme and Woodford.
We are now being told that a 10,000-home new town will potentially be situated on the constituency border.
GPs are completely oversubscribed in Woodford, we have not had a Sunday rail service in over a year, and the bus services are completely inadequate.
This has been raised time and again by my constituents.
Will the Minister meet me and the leader of Stockport council to talk about this issue, and how the Government can get developers to start investing in infrastructure before they develop homes?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised a number of issues.
The best way in which local planning authorities can protect themselves from speculative development is to have an up-to-date local development plan in place.
He touched on developer contributions; we remain committed to strengthening the existing system to ensure that new developments provide the necessary affordable homes and infrastructure.
We will set out further details in due course.
When it comes to the prospective new town that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned, I gently point out that it was not the Government but the independent, expert new towns taskforce that recommended to the Government that Adlington and 11 other locations in England should  be the sites for the next generation of new town.
On  28 September , we commenced a strategic environmental assessment to understand the environmental implications of new towns, and that will support final decisions.
But no final decisions have yet been taken.
Order.
I should say that that is the Adlington in Cheshire, not Lancashire.
What steps he plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps his Department is taking to increase leaseholder protections.
The Government continue to implement those reforms to the leasehold system that are already in statute and to progress the wider set of reforms necessary to end the feudal leasehold system for good.
We have brought into force a number of provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, with more in the pipeline, and we remain on course to publish an ambitious draft leasehold and commonhold reform Bill later this year.
Leaseholders in my constituency face unfair practices such as management fees tripling in as many years, stretching families beyond their means.
Yet there are also a great number of responsible agents, including L&A Lettings, based in Ashmore Park.
Can the Minister set out how the Government’s leasehold reform will strike the right balance, protecting leaseholders from poor practice without overburdening responsible agents, who already provide a transparent and fair service?
We know that there are good managing agents who work hard to ensure that the residents they are responsible for are safe and secure and that homes are properly looked after, but we also know that far too many leaseholders suffer from poor service at the hands of unscrupulous managing agents.
In our recent consultation on strengthening leaseholder protections over charges and services, we consulted on powers to appoint a manager or replace a managing agent as well as on mandatory professional qualifications for managing agents in England.
We think that those proposals strike the right balance, but we are analysing all the feedback we receive to that consultation.