The Secretary of State and the other Ministers on the Front Bench have to great fanfare today talked about responsible governance, but Basildon council and its Labour leader have repeatedly failed to meet basic housing standards.
Worse than that, its leader has gone live on social media to admit to counting postal votes and using that information to influence a recent by-election.
When he is held to account, will Ministers agree to throwing him out of their party?
I am unclear about the exact details of what the hon.
Member is raising, but if he would like to write to me or the Secretary of State providing details, we will make sure that he receives a swift response.
South Shore in my constituency is one of the most deprived areas in the country.
It has just been named by the Independent Commission on Neighbourhoods, which outlined 34 mission-critical neighbourhoods, as No. 1 for hyper-local need.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can improve South Shore in Blackpool?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his concerns.
What commitment can the Minister give to my constituents in Thurmaston, Syston, Queniborough and nearby villages who wish to remain in the county of Leicestershire and have services provided in Leicestershire that they will not against their wishes be absorbed into the city of Leicester, as advocated by Labour’s city mayor in the context of local government reorganisation?
I responded to the right hon.
Member’s colleague from Leicestershire,  the hon.
Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , just a moment ago, and I refer him to that answer.
We have a process under way, and I will be engaging with colleagues right across the House on it.
If the right hon.
Member would like to get in touch with me directly, I would be happy to receive his representations.
I am pleased that Everton East in my constituency will receive £20 million in Pride in Place funding.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Pride in Place programme not only talks about devolution, but delivers it?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
We had a decade and a half of decline and neglect under the last Government.
This Government are getting to grips with it.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her enthusiasm and for working together to make this impact and to drive the change we want to see across our communities.
The Government have now delayed their decision on local government reorganisation in Surrey.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government are using this delay to protect my constituents in Esher and Walton from the Tory debt of neighbouring councils with which they might be grouped?
Will the planned elections in May go ahead?
As I have said a number of times on different aspects of this policy, the process is under way.
If the hon.
Member would like to write to me directly, I will make sure that she receives a response.
I know that Ministers do not comment on ongoing planning applications, but may I draw the Minister’s attention to an inconsistency?
Currently, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is changing its guidance on heather burning on deep peat because of climate change concerns, but there has not been a concurrent change to planning guidance on building on peat.
Will the Minister agree to look at that, so that my constituents can be sure that any developments are safe and take account of climate implications?