The Minister’s announcement is welcome, but last year, in England and Wales, 18% of the people who were found to be at risk of homelessness or were experiencing homelessness were aged just 16 to 24.
That number is far too high.
Will the Minister agree to meet the YMCA and the Youth Homeless Chapter Collective to discuss the action needed to support young people and reduce homelessness for good?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on sharing those figures with the House, because even though it is quite hard to hear them, it is important that we do not look away from this crisis.
I will of course meet her and the charities she mentions.
As the Minister may know, Milton Keynes used to be called “tent city”.
We reduced the number of rough sleepers down to 16 when I was deputy leader at the council.
We were able to do that because we understood that rough sleeping was more than just a housing issue; it was a whole-person issue.
Is she willing to meet me and the other officers of the all-party parliamentary group on rough sleeping, as well as Back-Bench Members who have experience in this area, while shaping and delivering the rough sleeping strategy?
I am aware of my hon.
Friend’s work, and the work of Milton Keynes council and others in the city, to bring down the number of rough sleepers.
We will take that whole-person approach in the homelessness strategy.
I never knowingly avoid a meeting with an APPG, so I am sure that we will get that arranged shortly.
Reducing youth homelessness relies on having an effective, working housing market.
Of course, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch)  understands that, and that is why she has pledged that a future Conservative Government will abolish stamp duty on primary residences.
She has also said that she is  happy for the idea to be stolen and adopted by other parties.
It would reduce the cost of house buying in Beverley and Holderness by around £3,800—a real boost for young families trying to get on the housing ladder.
Will the Minister say to the Secretary of State, and indeed the Chancellor, “Adopt this policy, and do it now”?
The party of Liz Truss just doesn’t learn, does it?
The Conservatives are happy to make tax policy that is absolute fantasy.
People need real homes to live in, not this kind of thing, and the Conservatives simply will not get a hearing until they look at their record and learn to say sorry.