In June, the Department made the welcome announcement of legislation to allow proxy voting and remote attendance, which will help to drive up the diversity of councillors across the country, but the Government have not yet set out a timeline.
Will the Minister advise the House on when a timeline will be shared, and whether the Government have considered including the changes in the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill?
The Government are committed to an election Bill, which will be coming in due course—very shortly, I imagine—and I am sure the hon.
Member will be able to explore those issues further at that time.
In 2022, Tory-run Dudley council entered an agreement with a social housing developer but later pulled the plug and sold off the land, so we may not get those much-needed homes.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that councils maximise opportunities to build affordable and social homes on land owned by councils?
I am sorry to learn about the loss of social rented homes in that instance.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Government are committed to reinvigorating council house building, and I direct her attention to the five-point plan that we published in July to deliver a decade of renewal for social and affordable housing.
Whether Essex ends up with three, four or five authorities under the local government reforms, my constituents will certainly come under an authority that is no longer local.
As part of the reforms, will more powers be devolved to town and parish councils that are able to understand and properly reflect their local residents?
Local government reorganisation will create opportunities to improve public services, efficiency and clarity.
The final proposals from councils in Essex were submitted by  26 September , and we anticipate launching a statutory consultation in November.
I am sure we will discuss the right hon.
Gentleman’s points in detail over the weeks and months to come.
Across the Sheffield city council area, including my Penistone and Stocksbridge constituency, 26,400 people are waiting for council homes.
That is a legacy of the Conservative Government in coalition making it more difficult for empty homes to be brought back into residential use.
Will the Minister work with Sheffield city council and me to ensure that it has increased resources and powers to expedite bringing empty homes back into use, so that my constituents and those across the authority can stay near but go far?
As I iterated earlier, we want to see more empty homes brought back into use in Sheffield and across the country.
As we outlined in the English devolution White Paper, we intend to strengthen the ability of local authorities such as Sheffield city council to take over the management of vacant residential premises.
We in Leicestershire have three, if not four, plans for our reorganisation, with no agreement.
We also have a county council run by Reform, which has already had not one but two reshuffles, losing its cabinet leads for social services and finance.
While 70% of its budget is spent on social services and special educational needs and disabilities, what assurances can the Government give me that my constituents will get those services, and that those services will be protected, when there already seems to be chaos in the council?
As I mentioned some moments ago, reorganisation creates an opportunity for simpler and clearer local services.
I look forward to working with Members across the House to get it right, particularly in tackling some of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman mentions.
Another vape shop opened on one of my high streets in Bassetlaw last week, and yet another opened in a vacated bank less than a month ago.
People tell me, and I tend to agree with them, that nobody knows how those shops will sustain an income to keep them going.
What are the Government doing to take on rogue traders?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to raise this issue.
That is why we are giving local communities greater powers to control the proliferation of gambling and vape shops.
It is also why, through our Pride in Place programme,  we are giving communities the funding and tools they need to shape their local high streets, so that those communities can have the shops they want in their place.
My constituent Steve Dally was charged £70,000 by Liberal Democrat-controlled Waverley borough council for the apparent crime of building a home extension.
I met the Housing Minister earlier this year to talk about abuse of the community infrastructure levy.
Could he update the House on his plans to stop it?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, I agree that we have seen unintended consequences of the 2010 CIL regulations—they have unfairly penalised some homeowners.
I can only reiterate the commitments I gave him during that meeting.
In principle, we are committed to finding a solution to this issue, and I am more than happy to meet him again and update him on the steps we have taken in the interim.
Up and down the country, people are being priced out of their communities by sky-high rents and extortionate housing costs.
In Wandsworth, the rent for a one-bed flat will cost the average Londoner almost half of their monthly take-home pay.
Does the Minister agree that we must put an end to this situation and make housing affordable again?
We absolutely need to make housing affordable.
One of the primary ways in which we can do that is to build more homes of all tenures, which is precisely what we are committed to doing.
We can also boost the supply of social and affordable housing, which our social and affordable housing programme—worth £39 billion over 10 years—will do.
Winter is coming, and nearly 3 million households are living in fuel poverty, which is an absolute scandal.
The long-awaited warm homes plan cannot come soon enough, but given that previous piecemeal programmes prioritised private profit and left us without the changes that our constituents so desperately need, will the Secretary of State commit to funding a public body to co-ordinate, monitor and evaluate a nationwide programme of home insulation to hold cowboy builders—cowboy contractors—to account and deliver energy savings for all?
I will refer the hon.
Lady’s comments about the warm homes plan to the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
If she wishes to write to me with details of any particular cowboy builders, I would be more than happy to read what she has to say.
It is great that we are transforming leasehold properties, but many leaseholders are now stuck in a gap with their freeholders when it comes to betterment.
If they want to green their homes through new roofs, new insulation and electric vehicle charging, they have to pay a huge extra cost.
Will the Minister and, if necessary, Ministers from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero meet me and my constituents to discuss this issue?
There is a real gap when it comes to achieving green improvements.
I would be more than happy to do so.
In April, the Government described their decision to approve a major scheme to unlock over 8,500 homes next to Cambridge North station after six years in planning as “nationally significant”.
Just four months later, the Government scrapped the whole thing.
How is that consistent with the Secretary of State’s announcement that he will back getting Britain building?
I am afraid that I am unclear about which particular site the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to.
Again, if he wishes to write to me, I would be more than happy to engage with him on the particulars of that case.
Cornwall’s economic potential is vast.
Cornish renewable energy and critical minerals can power the UK’s transition away from a fossil fuel-based economy, but economic development funding through the shared prosperity fund has come to an end.
Can the Secretary of State reassure the people of Cornwall that our economic growth will not be limited by the fact that Cornwall cannot and will not join a mayoral combined authority?
We recognise the uniqueness of Cornwall.
We are committed to working with the local authority to ensure that we unlock the economic opportunities in the area and build on its existing devolution deal.