Despite that answer, it is clear that things are getting worse.
Our councils are battling with the cost of this Government’s border failures.
The 22% rise in small boat arrivals, combined now with Chagossians arriving in rising numbers, throwing themselves at the mercy of our local authorities as they escape Starmer’s sell-out, is stretching council housing budgets to breaking point.
The Government have refused to answer my written questions about what financial support they provide to councils housing asylum seekers and refugees who are granted asylum in their areas.
Can the Minister tell the House how much of the proposed rise in council tax is for the cost of the Government’s asylum failures, and will he publish the full costs and support in the interests of transparency?
The hon.
Gentleman is conflating two separate issues.
Genuine asylum seekers who have been granted refugee status and who can stand on their own two feet and work will rent, in some cases in the private rented sector and in other cases in market housing.
Some dispersal accommodation for those seeking asylum will, of course, be in the private rented sector, and that can add pressure to local rental markets.
That is why decisions must be made in co-ordination with local authorities and taking into account local housing pressures.
More importantly, that is why the reduction in hotel use needs to be proceeded with in an ordered and managed way, not the chaotic way that the Conservatives have been calling for.
What steps he plans to take to ensure that new housing developments have adequate access to infrastructure.
The national planning policy framework sets out that: “The purpose of the planning system is to contribute to the achievement of sustainable development, including the provision of…supporting infrastructure in a sustainable manner.”
We made changes to the framework in December last year that will support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
Local development plans should address needs and opportunities in relation to infrastructure, and identify what infrastructure is required and how it can be funded and brought forward.
In my constituency, we have seen promises of new schools and clinics repeatedly broken, but in every case it was not the developer or local council that let people down but national bodies such as the Department for Education and integrated care boards.
They do it to save money by cramming more kids into existing schools and more patients into packed clinics.
In the light of the  21,000 extra houses that have just been announced by the Chancellor for Horsham district, will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can legally ensure that key local infrastructure promises are met?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I am always happy to sit down and talk to him about these and other issues.
It must be said that when preparing a local plan, planning practice guidance recommends that local planning authorities use available evidence of infrastructure requirements to prepare an infrastructure funding statement.
Local authorities are not doing that in all cases, which is why the chief planner wrote to all local planning authorities recently to remind them of their statutory duty to do so.
We can discuss that and other issues when I meet him.
New housing developments agreed under the previous Government have been built on the green belt around villages in the Shipley constituency, such as Burley in Wharfedale, Wilsden, Denholme and Cullingworth, often without the vital investment in infrastructure such as GP practices, schools and other council services.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that as we build the much-needed affordable and social homes, we will prioritise brownfield and ensure adequate investment in the community?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance; ours is a brownfield-first policy.
She highlights an important point.
The previous Government released vast swathes of the green belt in a haphazard and chaotic manner.
We are taking a strategic approach to green-belt release, prioritising the release of the lowest-quality grey belt, and we are ensuring that where that happens, subject to our golden rules, we see higher levels of affordable housing and infrastructure.
It is a much smarter approach.
The previous Government did not adopt it, and they should stop carping about it now.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential merits of requiring water companies to be statutory consultees for new housing developments.
Water companies are not statutory consultees on individual planning applications, but they are consulted as part of the preparation of local development plans.
On  26 January , the Government declared a moratorium on any new statutory consultees and announced a review of the existing statutory consultee arrangements.
A consultation on proposals designed to limit the scope of statcons to where advice is strictly necessary and to remove entirely a limited number of them will be published in the near future.
Outdated sewer systems mix clean rainwater with sewage, polluting rivers and placing strains on outdated infrastructure.
If the Government are intent on not making water companies statutory consultees, a national rainwater management strategy mandating rainwater harvesting on new homes and major renovations would ease the pressure on infrastructure  and reduce the likelihood of sewage overflows.
What recent conversations has the Minister had with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about introducing a national rainwater management strategy?
Will he consider making rainwater harvesting a mandatory requirement on new housing developments?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an apt point.
I regularly meet colleagues from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to discuss a range of issues, including water efficiency and management.
I draw his attention to the consultation we launched just last month to review the water efficiency standards in the Building Regulations 2010.
As part of that, we are investigating how we can bring technologies such as rainwater harvesting into new developments safely.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of devolution on economic growth.
Devolution to strong local leaders who understand the economic opportunities and challenges in their patch has clear economic benefits: it can drive higher productivity, boost local economies and put more money in people’s pockets.
For example, Greater Manchester, which is further along in its devolution journey, has one of the UK’s fastest growing local economies.
I am pleased to see that the Government are pressing ahead with their commitment to implement new strategic authorities.
May I press the Minister to consider how those new strategic authorities can grow their local economies by providing support for things like community businesses and social enterprises in town centres, helping to regenerate and renovate the neglected high streets we see across the country?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to highlight that.
There is a huge opportunity for strategic authorities to support community businesses, co-operatives and social enterprises to help regenerate and revitalise our town centres and build community wealth.
We are already seeing that across the country: we see it in Liverpool city region, where significant investment is going into community businesses.
We are keen to build on this opportunity and to unlock it across the country.
Devolution is starting off well in North Yorkshire, but North Yorkshire council is really concerned about the upcoming local government settlement, which will obviously be challenging for all councils.
May I urge the Secretary of State in his new role to look carefully at the most rural county in England and the particular challenges that it has in delivering services?
We are looking closely at every area.
We know that local government is going through the process of reorganisation at the same time as we are  doing devolution.
We are doing that at pace, but we are doing it in strong collaboration, working closely with individual areas.
We welcome devolution in London, but the ability of local councils like mine in Wandsworth to tackle growth could be undermined by the changes proposed in the fair funding review.
In Wandsworth, 26% of residents and 33% of children live in poverty after housing costs.
Will the Minister consider making adjustments to the proposed funding formula to properly account for housing and children’s services and ensure that no council is worse off as a result of the review?
We have consulted on the fair funding review.
My colleague the Minister for Local Government and Homelessness is looking at proposals at the moment, and we will report back in due course.
Devolution can have huge benefits for local people.
Using £20 million of funding from the last Government, Stockton-on-Tees borough council has brought forward proposals to change Yarm High Street, but the council has completely failed to properly consult and work with local residents and businesses in developing the proposals, so what could be an opportunity has become a nightmare.
Does the Minister agree that such changes should be done with local residents and businesses, and not forced upon them?
One hundred per cent.
Devolution offers the opportunity to put communities in the driving seat and give them genuine power.
For example, this Government’s Pride in Place programme puts communities right at the centre, because we think that is how to ensure that communities come together to drive the change that they want to see in their area.
We encourage all councils to work closely with their local communities to make that change happen.
What steps he is taking to support the building of social housing in rural towns and villages.
The £39 billion social and affordable homes programme will support a wide range of social and affordable housing, including council housing, supported housing, community-led housing and, of course, rural housing.
The Government will also consider how planning policy can better promote rural affordable housing through our work on national policies, which will be brought forward for decision making later in the year.