My hon.
Friend highlights that, as many of us know, the reality of home ownership for so many leaseholders falls far short of the dream.
We absolutely agree that we need to strengthen the  regulation of managing agents, to drive up the standard of their service.
We are looking again at Lord Best’s 2019 report on regulating the property agent sector, particularly in the light of the recommendations in the final Grenfell inquiry report.
We have set out a number of specific proposals in the consultation that I referred to in my previous answer.
Our preferred approach in implementing mandatory professional qualifications is for agents to belong to a designated body, but all final decisions will be taken in due course.
As the Minister will be aware, some freeholders find themselves trapped in a leasehold-like situation: the wider estate that they live on is managed by a management company and not adopted by the local authority.
They are fleeced in exactly the same way by exorbitant management charges, and there are often unadopted roads and poor sewerage.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can provide protections for freeholders who find themselves in that leasehold situation?
We remain committed to protecting residential freeholders on private and mixed-tenure housing estates from unfair charges of the type that the hon.
Lady described.
We will consult this year on implementing the 2024 Act’s new consumer protection provisions for the 1.75 million homes that are subject to those charges.
We are committed to bringing those measures into force as quickly as possible.
Thousands of my constituents in Stratford-on-Avon now live in so-called fleecehold developments, often with a lack of transparency in how service charges are set and a lack of maintenance of public open spaces, including drainage infrastructure.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that any leasehold reform will including tackling fleecehold and that the reforms will be applied retrospectively?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we will tackle the injustice of fleecehold as part of the ambitious changes that we intend to make to the leasehold system, with a view to bringing it to an end in this Parliament.
The consumer protection provisions in the 2024 Act, which I have already mentioned, will ensure that homeowners who pay an estate management charge will have better access to the information that they need to challenge the reasonableness of charges at the first-tier tribunal.
There are other powers as part of those protections and, as I have said, we will consult on them shortly and bring them into force as quickly as possible thereafter.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My No. 1 priority is to get Britain building again: we will build, baby, build.
That means putting Britain on a path to end the moral stain of homelessness and rough sleeping that doubled under the previous Conservative Government; growing our economy with good, secure jobs and rising incomes  in every region of Britain; and putting the key to home ownership in the hands of more people across our country.
Under the Conservatives, the British dream of home ownership became a nightmare and out of reach, but with this Labour Government, it will become a reality once more.
My constituents in Oldham East and Saddleworth were delighted to learn that Oldham has received a £20 million award from the Pride in Place programme.
Will the Secretary of State expand on the transformational change that the award will mean to places like Oldham, where Government support was decimated under the Conservatives?
In particular, what difference will be made by local people having a say in how the money will be spent?