Local authorities have a number of powers to deal with empty homes.
The hon.
Member raises an interesting point, which I will take away and consider with officials.
There are 46 long-term empty properties in the community of Park End in my constituency.
Park End desperately needs regeneration, so I am delighted that the Government have awarded it £20 million of Pride in Place funding, for the community to use for regeneration over the long term.
Will the Government commit to working with me to make sure that the local community gets the best from that funding?
Absolutely.
I am really encouraged by the way that local communities are seizing the opportunity of Pride in Place funding, and taking it forward to deal with an issue that affects every council across the country.
Whether he plans to include community-led housing within the long-term housing strategy.
The Government recognise that community-led housing delivers a wide range of benefits.
We strengthened  support for it in the revised national planning policy framework published last year, and in March we announced a 10-year social finance investment to provide capital funding for community-led housing.
As part of the development of our long-term housing strategy, we are considering how the Government might further support the growth of the sector.
Redwood Housing Co-operative spans five floors of social housing in the iconic OXO Tower on the south bank of the River Thames.
Given that Redwood is run by its tenants, charges some of the lowest rents in central London and offers some of the best views, should not every community have a Redwood?
My hon.
Friend has long championed co-operatives, and I recognise his commitment to expanding co-ops in London and across the country.
With that example, he draws our attention to the benefits that they can provide.
We are considering opportunities to legislate to establish a legal framework for a co-operative housing tenure, which would help formalise the rights and responsibilities of both co-operatives and their tenants, and make co-operative housing a more attractive option.
As my hon.
Friend will know, I am more than happy to discuss the matter with him further at a suitable opportunity in the near future.
In my Chichester constituency, a lack of available land drives high-density schemes in rural villages that lack the necessary infrastructure, and the schemes quickly become unpopular locally.
Community land trusts such as the Westbourne Land Trust gain local support and deliver affordable homes, and that gives communities a real stake in that development.
Does the Minister agree that community buy-in is essential if the Government are to reach their target for building homes?
What steps are being taken to help community land trusts go from the planning phase to building homes?
The hon.
Lady outlined another benefit of community land trusts: getting local buy-in.
The availability of land is an issue for CLTs.
I have already set out some of the ways that we are supporting them through new investment.
As the Secretary of State said earlier, the new social and affordable housing programme will be designed with the flexibility necessary to support a greater diversity of social and affordable housing supply, including community-led housing.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of the capital funding request from the Coalfields Regeneration Trust.
We recognise the excellent work being done by the Coalfields Regeneration Trust and remain committed to working with it.
As my hon.
Friend will know, the current fiscal position remains challenging.
It is in that context that we are considering funding requests.
The Coalfields Regeneration Trust is asking for £50 million to support local initiatives that deliver training courses and community cohesion at ward level.
I have spoken to the trust about supporting constituents of mine in ex-coalfield communities in Swadlincote by improving the confidence of people on long-term benefits, so that they can build towards getting paid work, and about providing activities that support community cohesion.
I recently visited Bloomin’ Gardens & Landscapes in Church Gresley.
People there told me that they were concerned about the lack of interest in careers in gardening and horticulture.
What can the Minister do to help me help my constituents, by ensuring that they have opportunities in gardening and horticulture, and can improve their communities?
The Government remain committed to supporting ex-coalfield communities, such as those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and to tackling the decline and neglect we saw under the Conservative party.
It was our party that established the Coalfields Regeneration Trust in 1999, and we are committed to working with it to support our coalfield communities.
That comes alongside our wider efforts to invest in communities that were held back under the Conservative party through our trailblazing Pride in Place programme.
rose— I am intrigued to hear how coalfield regeneration relates to the hon.
Gentleman’s part of Northern Ireland.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The fact is that there were coalfields in Northern Ireland.
There has been an opportunity— Order.
So the hon.
Gentleman is saying that he has coalfields in his constituency?
[Interruption.]
Okay.
I am going to allow the question, but I ask that we think about whether issues are relevant to our constituencies.
The question of who benefited from coalfields in the past is always relevant to people in Northern Ireland.
Other parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland have experienced coalfield regeneration, and people have come back from those areas on the mainland to Northern Ireland.
Can we ensure that everyone has an equal opportunity to benefit from this?
These benefits have been brought forward in England; bring them forward in Northern Ireland as well.
I am not sure that that is relevant.
We recognise that we need to support communities across the country who have been held back.
We are working with the Northern Ireland Office to make sure that support is available for communities to renew and regenerate, so that they have the power to drive the change that they want to see.
What steps he is taking to reduce youth homelessness.
What recent progress the inter-ministerial group on homelessness and rough sleeping has made on the development of a cross-Government strategy to end homelessness.
The Government inherited a homelessness crisis; there were record numbers of people in temporary accommodation, and rough sleeping had doubled.
That is why my predecessor got together the inter-ministerial group on homelessness very quickly.
It has met four times, and has established the principles of the strategy, having sought full input from across Government.
That strategy is on its way, but just last week, the Government announced a further £84 million in this financial year to support people who are sleeping rough or who are homeless.