Title: CELEBRATING GENESIS OF ANN ARBOR ON THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR FOUNDING; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
173

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GENESIS OF ANN ARBOR ON THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR

FOUNDING

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th

anniversary of the founding of Genesis of Ann Arbor in Ann Arbor,

Michigan.
Housing both a Jewish and a Episcopal congregation, Genesis

of Ann Arbor exemplifies interfaith understanding, cooperation, and

friendship.
For the past five decades, Genesis has been a beacon of

hope, tolerance, and community in southeast Michigan.
In 1969, Temple Beth Emeth moved into the building housing St.

Clare's Episcopal Church.
While their relationship was always

harmonious, by 1974, the members of Temple Beth Emeth felt that their

congregation had grown large enough to warrant its own synagogue.
St.

Clare's Reverend, Doug Evett, offered to Temple Beth Emeth's Rabbi,

Bruce Warshal, that the two congregations become one legal entity.
The

offer was accepted, and Genesis of Ann Arbor was founded in 1975.
From the time that the two congregations began their relationship,

Genesis of Ann Arbor was a ray of light during the tumultuous 1960's

and 1970's.
The congregations continued to grow, and Temple Beth Emeth

is now the largest Jewish congregation in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
These congregations were, and still are, a reminder that whatever their

differences may be, two communities can come together around an

understanding of shared principles.
This includes an annual pulpit

exchange between the two congregations' clergy as well as a joint

Thanksgiving service.
Every year over Thanksgiving, they jointly host

the Rotating Shelter, which provides a weeklong overnight shelter for

men experiencing homelessness.
A local non-profit food bank, Food

Gatherers, has hosted its Back Door Food Pantry there for several

years, where members of both the church and the synagogue donate to and

volunteer at the food pantry.
Since its founding, Genesis of Ann Arbor has shown that the joining

distinct religious traditions.
Over the decades, the members of Genesis

have fought for a wide range of goals rooted in those values, from

advancing racial justice to combating the climate crisis.
Their

commitment to the environment is proven by only using renewable energy

to power the building by the large solar panel array they had installed

on their roof as well as switching from gas heat to geothermal heating

and cooling.
Two years ago, the congregations organized their first

annual Ann Arbor Climate Teach-In at Genesis.
The event served as an

opportunity to draw environmental advocates together to discuss

important climate issues, and I have sincerely enjoyed participating

both years.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

50th anniversary of the founding of Genesis of Ann Arbor.
Its members

represent the spirit of America, serving their community and promoting

peace, and understanding, all while worshipping in their own way.
We

wish them the best in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN JOSEPH J. RING ON HIS SERVICE AND RETIREMENT

HON.
JILL N. TOKUDA

Ms. TOKUDA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend

Captain Joseph J. Ring, the Commander of the Naval Surface Group Middle

Pacific on his retirement from the United States Navy after thirty

years of service to our Nation.
As Commander of Naval Surface Group Middle Pacific, Captain Ring led

the successful transition of the newly aligned MIDPAC team in manning,

training, and maintaining all surface ships homeported at Joint Base

Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
Thanks to Captain Ring's leadership, the U.S.

Navy's Hawaii-based ships remain combat ready for sustained operations

in the Inda-Pacific and around the world.
Over the course of his career as a Surface Warfare Officer, Captain

Ring served in four countries and operated at sea in every Combatant

Command theater of operation.