So they wanted our

ancestors to count--but they denied them the vote.
They wanted our

bodies, but not our voices.
The echoes of that anti-democratic sentiment live today through

gerrymandering.
The effects of it are felt by all North Carolina voters

and indeed, most voters around the country.
The people of Alabama,

Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Ohio, Texas, and Florida are not being

fairly heard on this floor.
To this day, the practice of gerrymandering drags the feet of our

democracy, back to the early days of our nation when most of our

citizens did not have a voice.
The New Majority is built on it, but

both parties are complicit in it.
I am standing on this tonight,

because I won't stand for it anymore.
Gerrymandering does more than sand the gears of our democracy.
It

harms our ability to govern.
We can count people a lot faster than we

could in 1790, but there's a reason the Census is only done every ten

years.
The long stability period gives us time to get to know our

constituents, their needs, and the needs of the land, businesses, and

organizations therein.
It's why it's important that these districts

represent cohesive communities.
But that stability in governance has

not been the case for my constituents, or for most in North Carolina.
The Republican Majority in the North Carolina General Assembly

engaged in political pornography to stack congressional districts in

their favor, locking 10 of our 14 congressional districts into

Republican control in a state that voted 50-50 for the US House.
Over the past ten years of my service, this district has undergone

changes in 2016, 2020, 2022, and now here in 2024.
My first district

looked something like a potted plant, growing along I-85 from Charlotte

to Greensboro.
If I knew then my district would evolve four more times,

I might have traded my house for an RV.
Starting in January I'll have

served the fifth configuration of my district in ten years.
Most of you

in this chamber who've served as long as I have, have served just two

in that same time period.
Think about what serving five different districts does to our efforts

at governance.
Every year I give a State of the District speech, and

I'm either saying goodbye or introducing myself to half my

constituents.
Many are surprised to hear from me.
Frequently redrawn districts mean weakened and less effective

governance.
Constituents need a representative in Congress often for

basic help with federal services, like their Social Security checks,

unemployment insurance, Veterans benefits, passport services, etc.
Constantly scrambling relationships between offices and constituents

hurts this process, and hurts our constituents.
Worse, it undermines

the basic faith Americans have in democracy.
The problem is especially bad in Charlotte, one of the Nation's

fastest-growing cities, where many inhabitants relocated from elsewhere

and feel especially disengaged with local politics.
As hospitable

southerners, our state leaders should take responsibility for changing

this.
Unfortunately, perpetuating it is more in line with our history.
State-level lawmakers are egged on by their counterparts and former

colleagues here in Washington.
They think they are here to deliver for

a party agenda, but let me tell you, we are not here to govern for

ourselves or for a party.
We're here to govern for the people.
America

has never been about those in power, but about the work to make a more

perfect union.
And there are answers.
While it took nearly 200 years, the sons and daughters of former

slaves did eventually realize their right to help choose the

representatives who walk these halls tonight.
As the Reverend Dr.

Martin Luther King Jr. once said, ``the moral arc of the universe is

long, but it bends toward justice.''
Legal standards for fairly drawn districts are not rocket science.
The process worked--in Michigan, in Pennsylvania, and even, for a brief

time, in North Carolina.