As Commander of Naval Surface Group Middle Pacific, Captain Ring led

the successful transition of the newly aligned MIDPAC team in manning,

training, and maintaining all surface ships homeported at Joint Base

Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
Thanks to Captain Ring's leadership, the U.S.

Navy's Hawaii-based ships remain combat ready for sustained operations

in the Inda-Pacific and around the world.
Over the course of his career as a Surface Warfare Officer, Captain

Ring served in four countries and operated at sea in every Combatant

Command theater of operation.
At sea, he served as Commander of

Destroyer Squadron Three One, Commanding Officer of the USS Hopper

(DDG-70), and Commanding Officer of the USS Mustin (DDG-89).
Ashore, he

served as Flag Aide to the Commander, Navy Region Hawaii; Warfare

Systems Advisor to the Royal Australian Navy in Sydney, Australia;

Director, Joint Operations Center (J31), United States Africa Command

in Stuttgart, Germany; and as Chief of Staff to the Director, Maritime

Operations, U.S. Pacific Fleet.
His many awards include the Royal Australian Navy Chief of Navy Gold

Medal, Peruvian Naval Medal of Honor for Merit, the Legion of Merit,

the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and various other personal,

campaign and unit awards including the Battle ``E'' Excellence Award.
He also received the title of Honorary Chief Petty Officer in

recognition of his contributions to the Chief Petty Officer community

and the enlisted force.
On a personal note, Joe has always been the one who helps ``get me to

yes.''
Service above self is a way of life for Joe, and the values we

cherish in Hawaii mirrors his own.
While his Navy service brought him

to Hawaii, we know our islands are a place he loves and protects as his

home.
As Joe, Nada, and their entire family transition to a new chapter, I

proudly join them in celebrating a tremendous career that will continue

to inspire and motivate future generations of leaders.
But even more

importantly, I wish them all the best in enjoying a well-earned

retirement.
Joe, mahalo for all that you have done and given to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING OFFICER CHUONG VO OF THE CITY OF TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA

FOR HIS RETIREMENT AND YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
MICHELLE STEEL

Mrs. STEEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my sincerest

congratulations to retiring police Officer Chuong Vo.
Officer Vo has served as a law enforcement officer for 28 years,

proudly defending his community and uplifting his neighbors.
Officer Vo's career has been defined by a legacy of honor, hard work,

and love of his community.
I'm sure he will be greatly missed by the

department.
In addition to his time in law enforcement, Officer Vo has also

served on the Cerritos City Council, the Cerritos Community Safety

Committee, as well as Mayor Pro Tem and the Mayor of Cerritos.
I congratulate Officer Vo and I sincerely hope he enjoys the next

chapter in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GERRYMANDERING

HON.
ALMA S. ADAMS

Ms. ADAMS.
Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Census seeks to count every

American, every ten years.
They do this so that every American may be

equally represented and heard in this chamber by one of us.
Friends,

colleagues, Democrats, and Republicans, I submit this statement

tonight, because nearly 250 years after our founding, the people of

North Carolina are still not being fairly heard on this floor.
Before the first US Census count was conducted in 1790, North

Carolina lawmakers, who looked nothing like me to say the least, joined

with other representatives from southern states in advocating that

African-American slaves be counted as ``three-fifths'' of a resident.
More residents meant more congressional power.
So they wanted our

ancestors to count--but they denied them the vote.
They wanted our

bodies, but not our voices.
The echoes of that anti-democratic sentiment live today through

gerrymandering.