Ms. Gary has demonstrated expectational leadership.
In her current

role, she helped expand employment opportunities for Americans who are

blind or disabled.
By partnering with more than 600 nonprofit agencies,

she created pathways to meaningful employment, thereby transforming

lives and reinforcing the federal government's commitment to

inclusivity.
Today, I congratulate Ms. Gary on her contributions, which will have

a lasting impact on the federal workforce.
Her exceptional career set a

standard of excellence and innovation that will help inspire her

colleagues and future leaders.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in honoring

the retirement of Ms. Gary.
I wish her the best as she retires after

more than 50 years of public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF JOAN DEZEMBER

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life and

legacy of Joan Dezember, a beloved figure in our community who passed

away on October 13, 2024, at the age of 89.
Alongside her late husband,

Ray, Joan dedicated her life to family, community, and philanthropy.
Joan was born in Whittier, California on February 19, 1935, to Martin

and Jeannette Erreca.
While attending Whittier College, she met her

husband Ray Dezember in 1951, a Whittier College football star.
An

early sign of the couple's complementary qualities, Ray led the

football team as captain while Joan rallied the crowd as the head of

Whittier College's cheerleaders.
Rising to a new and exciting chapter

in their lives, the couple married in 1954, and briefly lived in

Phoenix before settling in Bakersfield, where Ray helped found American

National Bank.
American National Bank was acquired by Wells Fargo and

the Dezembers were able to focus on their passion for giving,

especially to California State University, Bakersfield (CSUB).
The generous support to the community from Joan and Ray enabled the

creation of important programs and facilities, including the Walter W.

Stiern Library's Dezember Reading Room and the Dezember Leadership

Development Center, which continue to inspire students seeking to

follow Joan and Ray's path to achieve the American Dream.
While such

facilities will continue to uphold their names, it is the lives of

fellow neighbors who were blessed to know Joan and Ray's virtuous and

loving touch, felt by so many in their family and in the Kern County

community.
The Dezembers certainly believed in the transformative power

of education, as their support for scholarships like the Wendy Wayne

Nursing Scholarship and the Hispanic Excellence Scholarship Fund has

opened doors for countless students.
As a lifetime member and the first

Chairwoman of the CSUB Foundation Board of Directors, Joan's ability to

help others reached far and wide, earning her the CSUB President's

Medal in 1999.
Joan is survived by her four children, Becky, Brent, Cheri, and

Katie, eleven grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren who will

remember her as their kind, loving matriarch who found great joy in the

success of others.
Amanda and I send our deep condolences to the whole

Dezember family and all who knew and loved her.
On behalf of the 20th

Congressional District, I am grateful to Joan, for what she has done

for our community.
She will be deeply missed but never forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call vote No.
474 on November

20, 2024.
Had I been present, my vote would have been Yea on Roll Call

No.
474.