As the Reverend Dr.

Martin Luther King Jr. once said, ``the moral arc of the universe is

long, but it bends toward justice.''
Legal standards for fairly drawn districts are not rocket science.
The process worked--in Michigan, in Pennsylvania, and even, for a brief

time, in North Carolina.
National standards would be imperfect, but far

greater than the status quo.
They would ensure that the 330 million

Americans we counted in 2020 are divided into 435 equally numbered,

fairly and transparently drawn, more competitive districts that are

representative of real communities.
They would give us as

representatives time to get to know our constituents, and maybe even

solve a few more of their problems, too.
While North Carolina Republicans have chosen party power over the

cultivation of democracy, cynicism over faith in the people, and their

newfound fears over whatever once inspired them to public service, the

people will win in the end.
Democracy will always have the last word.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MR.
HENDRIK POPPEN

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and

life of Hendrik ``Hank'' Poppen of Portage, Michigan.
Hank Poppen was

born in Wildervank, Netherlands, on July 28, 1951.
He immigrated to the

United States with his family in 1957 and became a United States

citizen in 1988.
Hank attended Kalamazoo Christian Schools and

dedicated much of his life to serving the Kalamazoo and Portage

communities.
In 1989, Hank found a lifelong passion when he and his son Brian

joined Boy Scout Troop 244, where he then became the Scout Leader.
Through the years Hank watched his son, daughter, granddaughter, and

175 other scouts rise to Eagle Scout.
He took his beloved troop on

hundreds of trips throughout the United States, even when his health

failed him.
Hank was a remarkable individual characterized by his faith and love

for his community.
Most of all, he loved his family.
On November 12,

2024, at the age of 73, Hank passed away surrounded by the people he

loved most.
He is survived by his children, grandchildren, siblings,

dearest friends, and the many scouts, students, and people he impacted

throughout his life.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in cherishing the memory of Hendrik

Poppen.
His dedication to his community, family, and friends, was

unwavering, and his character will be remembered in the highest order.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF MS.
MILLISA GARY

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Millisa

Gary for her leadership and countless contributions over the course of

her career in service of the American people.
Ms. Gary started her career in public service in 1973 when, as a

junior in high school, she accepted a position at the U.S. Department

of Defense as an accounting assistant.
She later earned a Bachelor of

Science from George Mason University and a Master of Business

Administration from Averett University.
Throughout the last 50 years,

Ms. Gary has been a true asset within the federal workforce--providing

leadership, guidance, and friendship to all who had the privilege of

working with her.
Since Ms. Gary began her distinguished career in federal service more

than five decades ago, she has served at numerous agencies including

the U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and

the U.S. Congress through her role on the U.S. Senate Committee on

Small Business and Entrepreneurship.
She currently serves as the U.S.

General Services Administration's AbilityOne Program Executive where

she provides valuable oversight and expertise.
Ms. Gary has demonstrated expectational leadership.
In her current

role, she helped expand employment opportunities for Americans who are

blind or disabled.
By partnering with more than 600 nonprofit agencies,

she created pathways to meaningful employment, thereby transforming

lives and reinforcing the federal government's commitment to

inclusivity.