Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague Congressman Mike Thompson to honor Omar Gallardo who passed away on October 23, 2024.
Omar was a lifelong community activist, organizer, and leader in outdoor education in Sonoma County.
Born in 1975 in Michoacan, Mexico, Omar's early years were spent in Sonoma County, California and Mexico.
He attended Geyserville High School, where bilingual staff and educators encouraged his interest in his Chicano culture, including his participation in Ballet Folklorico.
From a young age, Omar was an active community organizer.
He offered translation services with the United Farmworkers Union and led a trip to Delando, California in 1993 for a widely attended memorial march honoring leader Cesar Chavez.
In 1994, hp organized student marches protesting California's Proposition 187, an initiative to prohibit undocumented immigrants from accessing important benefits.
Omar also participated in high school programs offered by Santa Rosa Junior College and Sonoma State University designed to mentor Latino students.
He later attended both institutions and earned a bachelor's degree in history.
Following college, Omar joined California Mini-Corps as a teacher and spent eight years working with immigrant students in outdoor education.
He then spent four years working as a student counselor in Santa Cruz County before returning to Sonoma County to be a site coordinator for the Graton Day Labor Center.
In 2012, he was recruited to LandPaths: a Sonoma-based environmental education and conservation organization.
Omar became an integral pillar of the LandPaths leadership team, guiding the organization's approach to community outreach and engagement.
He helped predominantly Spanish-speaking youth access Sonoma open spaces and inspired the next generation of environmental stewards through outdoor programs.
Omar's efforts were also critical in the development of Santa Rosa's Bayer Farm, a six acre urban farm that is the product of collaboration between LandPaths and the city.
He was known for his gentle heart, treating others with dignity, and credited for expanding LandPaths' reach and impact.
In 2015, Omar was aptly honored by the Sonoma County Economic Development Board with a Spirit Omar was also a dedicated Aztec dancer and established his own group, Danza Azteca Xantotl de Santa Rosa, which performed at local events.