Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life and service of U.S. Army Veteran Corporal Kenneth M. Wilson.
Kenneth was born on October 8, 1921, in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
He was the son of Harold and Frances Eschbach Wilson and grew up in Upstate New York with six siblings: Miriam, Dorothy, Gertrude, Harriet, Peggy, and Harold.
Kenneth graduated from Van Rensselaer High School in 1941 and enlisted in the U.S. Army after graduation on February 6, 1942.
Kenneth's service took him to Europe and Africa at the onset of the Second World War.
Earning the rank of Corporal, he heroically fought in the Naples-Foggia, Rome-Arno, Southern France, and Rhineland campaigns, serving as a light machine gunner in the 143rd Infantry Regiment, Company D. For his bravery and sacrifices, Corporal Wilson was awarded the European-African-Middle Eastern Service Medal, the Good Conduct Medal, the Purple Heart with Oak Leaf Cluster, and the World War II Victory Medal.
He was honorably discharged on June 12, 1945.
After returning to civilian life, Kenneth married Mary Cornell on October 8, 1949, in Rensselaer, New York.
Together, they had three children: Karen, Keith, and Diane.
Kenneth's professional career began with Norman's Kill Dairy in 1955, and he remained with the Farm until 1962.
He then entered public service that same year, working diligently for the U.S. Post Office until his retirement on July 3, 1984.
Kenneth was an active and lifelong member of his community.
He coached for the East Greenbush Little League, the Girls Softball League, and the Babe Ruth League.
He was also a proud member of the Elks Lodge 2073 and Melvin Roads American Legion Post 1231, where he cherished the camaraderie and fellowship of his fellow veterans.
In his spare time, Kenneth enjoyed camping, gardening, and reading.
Corporal Kenneth M. Wilson's stalwart commitment to service was a testament to his character and dedication to his family, country, and community.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to recognize his extraordinary life and legacy.