Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the United States Vietnam Veteran, Specialist Fffth Class, Michael Anthony DeBonis.
Michael was born on September 7, 1950, in Troy, New York, where he and his three siblings were raised by their parents, Michael and Josephine DeBonis.
Michael attended St. Mary's Elementary School and later attended Troy High School.
Michael enlisted in the United States Army on February 24, 1970.
Following basic training, Michael attended service school in Fort Eustis, Virginia, where he trained as an Airframe Repairman.
He was later assigned to a year-long tour of duty in Vietnam, where he conducted maintenance and repairs on Army aircraft and equipment in challenging conditions, including jungle environments and remote locations.
On March 23, 1972, Michael was honorably discharged from the United States Army at Fort Meade, Maryland.
For his honorable service, Michael was awarded the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, two Overseas Service Bars, the Sharpshooter Marksmanship Badge with Rifle Bar and M16 Bar, and the Expert Marksmanship Badge with Grenade Bar.
Upon returning to civilian life, Michael married Kathleen Agostine on May 4. 1973.
Together, they had two children, Michael and Lindsay.
Michael was incredibly talented, working in construction with Rocco Testo and as a carpenter at the Watervliet Arsenal to support his family.
In his spare time, Michael enjoyed hunting, playing darts, and excelled at a game of corks.
He was an active member of the Disabled American Veterans, the North Greenbush American Legion Post 1489, and the Ciccarelli Rea Agar Bevevino Garrison Post 1954, where he cherished the camaraderie of his fellow members.
Michael passed away on March 22, 2005, but his legacy will always live on through the memories of those dearest to him.
Michael DeBonis' dedication to service to the United States is truly remarkable.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I am honored to recognize his incredible life.