Mr. Cattler began his journey at the U.S. Naval Academy, where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Political Science and then going on to earn a Master of Policy Management from Georgetown University.
He is also a graduate of the National Intelligence University, the US Naval War College, and was a Senior Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Seminar XXI:
Foreign Politics, International Relations and the National Interest.
His career in public service began as a naval surface warfare officer, where he served aboard two Aegis cruisers, USS Antietam and USS Chancellorsville, and ashore as a military and civilian officer with the Office.
Throughout the years, 
Mr. Cattler has held many prestigious positions.
He served as the Assistant Secretary General for Intelligence and Security at NATO, where he played a key role in shaping and securing critical NATO decision-making.
He also served as Deputy Assistant to the President for Regional Affairs within the National Security Council, helping to coordinate national policy.
Additionally, he provided critical advising as a senior advisor to the Director of National Intelligence in various roles, including Chairman of the National Intelligence Management Council, National Intelligence Manager for the Near East, and Principal Deputy National Intelligence Officer for Military Issues.
Throughout his career he has been recognized by numerous national and international awards, including the Joint Distinguished Civilian Service Award; the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana of Estonia (Third Class); the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of Poland; the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise of Ukraine (Fifth Degree); the Order of Merit of the Ministry of Defence of Estonia (Second Class); Medal of Noble Partner of the Ministry of Defence of Georgia; Medal of Honorary Recognition of the Ministry of Defence of Latvia; Medal of the Defense Intelligence Service of Lithuania; Medal of Partnership of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine; the DNI Distinguished Service Award; the DIA Director's Award; 2020 Distinguished Alumni Award of the Amphitheater School District (Tucson, Ariz.); Navy Commendation Medal (with one gold star); Joint Service Achievement Medal; Navy Achievement Medal (with one gold star); and the Coast Guard Achievement Medal.
I want to personally extend my deepest gratitude to 
Mr. Cattler for over 30 years of service to our country.
His unwavering commitment to national security has shaped our entire nation.