Farming’s vital role in growing our rural economy, growing our food and protecting the countryside is threatened by Labour’s family farm tax.
The self-proclaimed “iron Chancellor” is proving herself to be the tin-eared Chancellor, ignoring evidence from the National Farmers Union and others showing that the tax is based on flawed assumptions.
Ahead of Saturday’s farming day of unity, rather than threatening family farms, will she speak to farmers, think again and withdraw those damaging proposals?
The problem with the Conservatives is that they support increased spending in vital areas but they have not supported any of the tax increases necessary to pay for them, which, frankly, is why we are in the situation we are in today, having inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that in the Budget we announced £5 billion for the farming budget over two years— including the largest funding directed at sustainable food production and nature recovery in this country’s history—and £60 million to support farmers affected by flooding.
What steps she plans to take to help protect the steel industry from high-emission steel being diverted away from the EU to the UK following confirmation of the UK carbon border adjustment mechanism for 2027.
The UK carbon border adjustment mechanism will be introduced in 2027.
It will ensure that imports face a carbon price that is comparable with domestic products, giving UK industry the confidence to invest without its decarbonisation efforts being undermined.
UK steel producers will continue to benefit from high levels of free allowances in the UK emissions trading system until at least the end of 2026, protecting them against carbon leakage via high-emission imports.
Newby Foundries and Alucast in my constituency of Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley have raised with me the impact of the UK CBAM coming into effect later than, and differing from, the EU CBAM.
This could threaten domestic steel production and make the export of metal products to the EU more difficult.
Can the Minister please support the UK’s steel and metal finishing industries by reassuring me that the UK CBAM will not be weaker than the EU CBAM, and will he meet me and other steel MPs to discuss this?
As I have set out, the UK CBAM will mitigate the risk of carbon leakage by placing a carbon price on some of the most emissions-intensive industrial goods imported into the UK, including in the iron and steel sector.
The UK CBAM is designed for the UK context, and in some areas, its emissions scope is wider than the EU CBAM—in respect of indirect emissions, for instance.
The first CBAM industry working group was held earlier this week, and I understand that a representative of the UK steel sector attended.
I will make sure that my officials continue to engage with the industry sectors most affected, and I am very happy to discuss this further with my hon.
Friend.
Heavy industry, whether it is steel, ceramics or so many other areas, is totally dependent on low energy costs.
The trajectory is that energy costs are rising, especially in industry, whether as a result of regulation or world markets.
Many other countries are doing more to protect their heavy industries by making sure they can have low input costs for energy.
What more can the Minister do to protect our heavy industry in the future?
The No. 1 thing for industry and households is to bring down the cost of energy.
That is why we are investing in renewable home-grown energy for the future, to make sure we have energy independence, energy security and, crucially, lower bills for those households and businesses.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her regulatory policies of recent trends in levels of money laundering in retail businesses.
This Government are committed to tackling money laundering.
Money laundering through cash-based high street businesses is a known issue, and the Treasury works closely with law enforcement agencies to monitor trends in criminality and ensure resources are deployed towards the most significant threats.
Hard-working shopkeepers and entrepreneurs across the country, including in Bromsgrove and the villages, play by the rules and pay their taxes.
What is the estimated loss of revenue to the Exchequer from money laundering in retail environments in towns and villages across the country, and what are the Government doing to crack down on this?
It is right that we take a robust approach to money laundering, and we have a tailored approach to cash deposit limits to reflect the differences in needs and risk profiles across businesses’ customer bases.
I am committed to working with the Financial Conduct Authority and others to ensure we strike the right balance—one that allows businesses to continue their operations but also ensures that we assess the risk posed by those who might be using their businesses to launder money.
What additional support can the Government offer to Customs and Excise, local authorities and police forces in gathering supporting evidence that can then be provided to His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs?
High street money launderers are brazen fronts for significant criminal enterprises.
We take this issue very seriously.
The Treasury owns the money laundering regulations, but the FCA has a key role as a major supervisor, and we work very closely with the criminal enforcement agencies.
Of course, those agencies are independent, but we are absolutely committed to clamping down on money laundering.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to uplift former mineworkers’ pensions.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to uplift former mineworkers’ pensions.
This Government recognise the contributions that miners made to the prosperity of the nation and the challenging circumstances in which they worked.
That is why the Government agreed to transfer the investment reserve  fund to members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, so that the mineworkers who powered our country receive a fairer pension.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that ending the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme is great news not only for the 849 former mineworkers in my constituency who will benefit, but for the economies of the local communities where they live, which were left behind by the previous Government?
Will he and his colleagues in government continue to engage with the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme to ensure that, in the same way, the funds built up in that scheme are used for the benefit of its members?