The Local Government Association estimates that the Budget’s increases to employer national insurance contributions will cost local councils an extra £637 million per year.
The Government’s funding settlement for councils in relation to that of £515 million will leave them with a gap, putting key services such as social care, pothole repairs and leisure facilities at risk.
Will the Chancellor commit to fully finding that gap for local councils, rather than them having to look for savings?
During the passage of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions)
Bill, we set out clearly how the scheme would work to reimburse costs for public departments or local government.
That measure is in line with what the previous Government attempted to do with the health and social care levy.
Where third-party private contractors are engaged, those costs will be considered by local government or other public sector organisations in the round.
The previous Conservative Government decided to back an INEOS project in Antwerp, with a £600 million loan guarantee.
I have spoken with the current the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) about that, and I have been told that the Government have no plans to stop that money, even though INEOS plans to close the Grangemouth refinery, with the loss of thousands of jobs.
Why is there £600 million for Antwerp and not Grangemouth, and why would the Government allow that to happen and not use the £600 million as leverage with INEOS, to avoid Scottish job losses?
This Government cannot account for the decisions made by the Conservative party, but we have created the Office for Value for Money, to ensure value for money when we use taxpayer’s money.
As someone actively involved in a number of businesses, unlike the majority of Front Benchers, I have spent far too much of my life trying to communicate with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, and I am not alone.
Taxpayers cumulatively spent 798 years on hold with HMRC in 2022-23, and letters often go unanswered for months.
When the phone is picked up, decent British taxpayers and their advisers increasingly are treated like criminals by arrogant, petty, unaccountable bureaucrats.
Will the Chancellor commit to a comprehensive review of HMRC, to make it as accountable to the taxpayer as the taxpayer is to them— Order.
Mr Lowe, topical questions are meant to be short and punchy.
I am sure that you are very good at that normally.
One of my key priorities as Exchequer Secretary and the Minister with responsibility for HMRC is to oversee a programme of transformation at HMRC to improve its customer service, to digitise the service, to close the tax gap and to ensure that we have the modern, reformed service that we need for the future.
I draw Members’ attention to my entry in the register of all-party parliamentary groups.
During the covid-19 pandemic, 3.8 million self-employed UK taxpayers were shamefully excluded from Government financial support.
Many, including pregnant women and war veterans, were forgotten about by the Conservative party.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how to address the unfairness faced by so many during the pandemic?
As my hon.
Friend set out, decisions on eligibility for covid-19 financial support were taken by the previous Government.
The current Government have no plans to assess the financial compensation scheme, but the covid-19 inquiry has recently launched its module to investigate the economic response to the pandemic.
The Government are committed to learning from its findings.
When I visited St Barnabas hospice in Lincoln recently, the chief executive told me that it was having to pay £350,000 extra every year to cover the national insurance increase.
I do not expect an answer now, but as we all agree that palliative care is so important and we want to encourage it, and the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life)
Bill started its Committee stage today, will the Government keep that increase for hospices under review?
The Health Secretary set out the settlement for hospices just before Christmas to ensure that they have the money they need, including to compensate for the national insurance increase, but I am happy to arrange a meeting for the right hon.
Gentleman with the relevant Health Minister.
On new year’s day, hundreds of my constituents woke up not to hangovers and warm homes, but to floodwater rushing into their houses.
I watched as families with young  children were pulled from their homes in Platt Bridge, and there was flooding in Ashton and Bickershaw.
I welcome the £2.4 billion that the Government have committed to flood defence schemes, but will the Minister commit to protecting funding for flood victims and flood defence schemes?