Recent flooding in Leatherhead left footpaths near essential services such as train stations overflooding— Order.
It is the question number I need.
Minister, you can just answer the question and then we will have the second part.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her fiscal policies of recent trends in levels of investment in green infrastructure.
Too many parts of the country and too many families have felt the devastating effects of flooding in recent months, not least in South Wales and in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
The Government have committed £2.4 billion over the next two years to increase community flood resilience.
Everyone in this House recognises that flooding is a challenge that will be with us for years to come, and we will set out further plans at the spending review.
Right—oh, go on, Bill Esterson.
The vote of confidence by PwC, the upgrading of the growth forecast by the International Monetary Fund and the £63 billion announced at the growth summit are all indications of this Government’s successful plans.
Does the Minister agree that they are added to by the clear direction on green investment in energy projects and that that will deliver success for our economy, as well as contributing to our climate targets?
We take very seriously the need to protect communities from flooding and to deliver on our commitments on climate in the years ahead.
It is important that we consider both principles and that is what the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero are doing.
Let’s go back to Helen Maguire.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Recent flooding in Leatherhead left footpaths near essential services such as train stations overflooding with sewage.
In Leatherhead, there are no alternative options to divert water.
Given the importance of long-term flood preparations, will the Chancellor commit to securing funding for flood defences beyond 2025-26?
The hon.
Member will know that specific flood defence schemes will be considered in the normal way.
When it comes to funding beyond 2025-26, those will be decisions on overall levels of funding that are taken in the spending review later this year.
Order.
Let us move to Dr Allison Gardner.
rose— No, we have Gareth Davies up next.
We are in complete chaos—[Laughter.]
We have the wrong names coming in.
What has confused everybody is the fact that Question 3 was withdrawn.
Everybody is a question behind.
Right, I call the shadow Minister next.
Never in doubt, Mr Speaker.
May I welcome the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) , to his place?
The removal of investment allowances from our domestic oil and gas industry is strangling domestic supplies at a time when our storage levels are depleted.
Labour’s ideologically driven, unachievable obsession with decarbonising the grid by 2030 might be good news for Chinese renewables manufacturers, but it is bad news for British households.
Is it not the case that the only growth that we will see from Labour’s energy policy is in the amount that people pay for their energy bills, or can the Minister stand up now and commit—just as Labour did during the general election campaign—to cutting energy bills by £300?
Get real!
I think that remark was directed at the hon.
Member in a previous life.
We have committed to 100% first year allowances and to maintaining that going forward, but unless we deliver secure energy, generated at home through cheap renewables, there is no energy security to be had in the years ahead.
What fiscal steps she is taking to help increase levels of economic growth in rural areas.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Stoke-on-Trent.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Stoke-on-Trent.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Derbyshire.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in the north-east.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in North Yorkshire.
The Government are better targeting these reliefs to make them fairer.
The latest figures for 2021-22 show that the top 7% of claims are counted for 40% of the total value of agricultural property relief.
The Chancellor will know that one of the biggest factors holding back the rural economy is poor public transport.
When I visited the jobcentre in Oswestry last year, I was told that one of the biggest impediments to people finding a job is that they cannot get away from where they live because of poor public transport.
Can she update me on the discussions that she has had with her colleagues in the Department for Transport over reinstating projects such as the Oswestry to Gobowen railway line and step-free access at Whitchurch railway station?
At the Budget, we introduced sustainable transport settlements, with £650 million of funding for local transport, and confirmed an extension of the UK shared prosperity fund, providing £900 million to local authorities to invest in local growth.
We also announced money in the Budget for some trailblazer projects to help those furthest from the labour market back into work.
On the specific issues around transport in her constituency, I am very happy to set up a meeting for her with the relevant Minister.
The A50/500 growth corridor, a significant transport corridor in my constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South, enjoys an extraordinary concentration of advanced manufacturing, including anchor companies such as JCB and Michelin.
With modest targeted investment in transport, energy and digital infrastructure, this vital corridor could generate £12 billion in gross value added and create 18,000 jobs.
Will the Chancellor meet me to discuss the targeted investment needed to develop a detailed growth plan for this vital industrial artery and help deliver it on this Government’s mission for growth?