Given that the Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that the fiscal test of returning to 0.7% will not be met in this Parliament, and that there has been no equivalent uplift to the £2.5 billion that the Conservatives put to spend on in-country refugee costs, are the Minister and this Labour Government content to have presided over a real-terms cut to the ODA budget compared with the previous Conservative Government?
One of the issues, to which the hon.
Lady alludes, is that under the last Administration, when they lost control of the borders and the asylum system, the cost of hotels to house asylum seekers waiting for their decision was included in the ODA definition of spending.
That is why the Home Secretary is working at pace to reduce that backlog as quickly as possible, and we are making much more significant progress than the previous Administration did in many years.
To follow on from the Minister’s answer, Members will be reminded of the fact that ODA costs spent in the UK are now at record levels, thanks to the last Government.
That should not be the case.
ODA should be spent, as much as possible, in the world’s poorest countries.
What steps are the Government taking to help the Home Office bring down those costs so that more aid can be spent where it is truly needed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
That is why both dealing with the Home Office backlog in processing claims and returns and working with counterparts in the Ministry of Justice to ensure that the tribunal process is up to speed are intrinsically important to the ODA budget.
Under the last Administration, crucial ODA for bilateral aid in countries around the world that were in desperate need of it was  cut at short notice because of their mishandling of the asylum system.
That will not happen under this Government.
I know that Members on the Treasury Bench attach great importance to the international development budget, not least because I recall that the Chancellor of the Exchequer supported my efforts to stop the 0.7% being cut by my own Government, even winding up the debate with great skill and flair.
Will Treasury Ministers therefore follow in the footsteps of the Chancellor’s predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , and top up the budget with an additional £2.5 billion so that the Foreign Office and the Government can achieve their own international development objectives?