What steps she is taking through the tax system to support SMEs.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support the retail sector.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support the hospitality and tourism sectors.
The Government announced a range of measures at the autumn Budget to support SMEs, including in the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors.
They include more than doubling the employment allowance, freezing the small business rates multiplier, extending RHL relief to 40%, maintaining the small profits rate and reducing the duty on qualifying draught products, which represent 60% of alcoholic drinks sold in pubs.
The Labour manifesto committed to replacing the business rates system.
However, last week at the Treasury Committee, the Minister seemed to rule out the kind of comprehensive reform that the Liberal Democrats and others have been campaigning for, and indicated that there might only be a tinkering around the edges of rates and reliefs.
Can the Minister confirm today whether the Government still intend to replace the business rates system, or will they just be tinkering around the edges of this broken system?
I think that retail, hospitality and leisure businesses, which are the backbone of our high street, might object to the idea of permanently lower tax rates as “tinkering around the edges”.
That is a fundamental change that we want to bring in from April 2026 to make sure they have stability, certainty and permanently lower rates.
Alongside it are our wider  ambitions in the “Transforming Business Rates” discussion paper, which I invited the hon.
Gentleman to read and respond to at last week’s Treasury Committee.
I draw Members’ attention to my declaration in the register of interests.
Retail is an important part of the economy in my constituency, which includes many wonderful independent businesses.
Will, who runs the excellent Wandering Palate in Monton, wrote to me about the challenges he is facing.
Will the Minister outline the measures the Government are taking to support small business owners like Will in my constituency and across the country to enable our high streets to thrive?