As we know, the world is a fast-moving and scary place, and people who feel disempowered and isolated often turn to the internet.
They are often vulnerable, and their reliance on the internet for everything in their world puts them at even greater risk.
We must work with our community leaders to make the most of the information that they hold, and get early notice of problems.
What worries me is that if we make assumptions and do not work with our communities, there is a risk of authoritarian decision making that affects all of us.
What consultation has there been with communities on the changes, and what additional burdens might fall on local authorities following changes to how the Government work?
Furthermore, with such extreme things taking place online, especially on the platforms of social media giants based across the pond, what are the Government actively doing to unite faith and cultural leaders, environmental groups, industries and people across generations to foster unity and stop extremism across the whole spectrum?
I agree with a lot of what the hon.
Lady’s says about earlier interventions and tackling isolation at its root.
As she says, local authorities are really important partners in that endeavour.
That is why we will ensure that whatever comes out of our communities and recovery steering group leans into the partnership with local authorities and local law enforcement, where possible, to ensure that the right resources and support are in place.
The hon.
Lady asks about engagement and ensuring that we have a contribution from those affected across our faith communities.
My noble Friend from the other place, Lord Khan, the Faith Minister, has met representatives of all faiths and will continue to do so.
The Government will keep having that important dialogue with different faith groups to ensure that the ideas that we bring forward will be effective and are rooted in real life, but we will also promote inter-faith work, which she mentioned.
I know from my own community that when we have had challenges, the best thing we have had to lean on to tackle hate, wherever it might emerge, is the inter-faith relationship.
There is real division in our communities, and extremism is changing at great speed.
Although the vast majority of Members in this House treat such division as a tragedy and as something that needs to be solved calmly, there are some, sadly, who appear to view it as a political opportunity.
Does the Minister agree that Members need to be calm in their dialogue on this issue, and that when they are not, they should be called out by all political parties?
I have always felt that there were two types of politician.
There are those who seek to move things forward politically by bringing people together, and those who seek to exploit division.
It is up to individual hon.
and right hon.
Members to decide which is their personal approach.
When there is divisive—or bordering on hateful—language in political parties, we would expect them to resolve that in their normal ways.
With regard to leadership in this country, we are certainly the luckiest people in the country.
We get to come here every day and tackle these issues head-on in the interests of our communities and our country.
Almost exclusively, Members use that platform for good.
We have important distinctions and differences, and that is great in a democracy, but we want to bring the country together and move it forward together.
That is certainly the approach that I will be using.
Can the Minister reassure the House on the Government’s approach to the Muslim Council of Britain?
The previous Government decided to break off engagement with the MCB for very real reasons,  including the infiltration into that organisation that had happened.
Can the Minister tell the House that he and his Government will not be engaging with it?
Those whom I and all my ministerial colleagues in the Department—and all Ministers including the Prime Minister and across the Government—meet with is a matter of public record, which can be interrogated in its right way.
I am going to stop short of providing a running commentary, organisation by organisation, with regard to who we will not meet—[Interruption.]
As I say, I am not going to provide a running commentary on that organisation.
It is very clear from the record who I do and do not meet.
I was a little bit concerned by the shadow Minister’s conflation of extremism with child sexual exploitation and grooming gangs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that how we use language is important if we are to avoid eradicating the social cohesion that many of us have spent many, many years establishing in our communities?
It is important that we are careful with our language and with conflations.
One thing I know about, after the many years of building trust in my community, is that it takes a long time to build that trust but it can be lost very quickly if we are thoughtless in the language that we use.
When a crime has the attributes of a terrorist outrage, but the police, in their engagement with the community, proactively announce that it is not initially being treated as such, is that not bound to give rise to public suspicion that the truth is being covered up?
I do not know what in particular the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to—[Interruption.]
Well, he did not have to use coded language if he meant a specific incident.
There is rightly a distinction between what the Government of the day do and what the police do.
We are not here to direct the police.
In line with what I have said, however, all public bodies need to be careful about the language they use because it has real-world consequences.
Members across the House will know how important community engagement is to building strong communities, and that working together with those whose views we may not share but can respect is really important.
I want to pay tribute to the fantastic work of the Bracknell Forest Interfaith Forum for doing exactly that in my community.
The Conservatives, when in government, cut funding to the Inter Faith Network, which was working at national level.
What can we do to support organisations such as the Bracknell Forest Interfaith Forum to bring religious groups together and to help us understand that we do indeed have more in common than that which divides us?
There was real sadness when the previous Government moved away from interfaith as a model.
My hon.
Friend the Faith Minister has been clear about how important he thinks it is, and that is why promoting interfaith work has been a core part of the work he has done so far.
We know that a number of the individuals who are radicalised are encouraged to find that radicalisation by high-risk platforms on the dark web.
Will the Minister and the Home Secretary ensure that they work together with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure that the Online Safety Act 2023 does as it was intended to do, which is to regulate those high-risk platforms, rather than the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport just allowing Ofcom to step away from them and let them do what they like?
I share the hon.
Lady’s intent.
We know that, whether it is in publicly available online forums or on the dark web, there are people who will use all corners of the internet to promote their views and to promote hateful ideologies.
As part of our counter-extremism sprint and the strategy that will follow from that, we are looking very carefully at this and at the tools that we need to tackle it.
We will all be sadly familiar with the shocking and racist remarks made by the Conservative party donor Frank Hester last year.
I do not intend to repeat them in this House, so that we do not have to relive them, but does the Minister agree that that kind of language encourages extremism and has no place in our politics?
We all have to be careful, both as individuals and collectively within our parties, about the individuals with whom we choose to associate and from whom we choose to take money, so that we do not send messages that we would not want to send.