Neither the US Federal Reserve nor the EU Central Bank are engaged in active quantitative tightening, but the Bank of England is.
The Bank of England is costing the public finances in the region of £13 billion a year as a result of a fire sale of UK Government bonds.
Last time I spoke to the Chancellor about that, she said that that was because of the Bank of England’s operational independence, which we all value, but that is not a licence for impunity.
What discussions will she have with the Bank of England about releasing UK Government debt in a way that benefits everybody in the UK?
It is our view that it is absolutely right that the Bank of England has operational independence.
That is in line with international standards and what is happening in jurisdictions around the world, including in the United States and the eurozone.
Recent developments in the UK investment trust sector have once again shone a light on the crucial role that retail investors play in our financial markets.
In her Mansion House speech last November, the Chancellor rightly prioritised leveraging domestic pension capital to drive the Government’s economic growth mission.
Does the Minister agree that greater retail participation in UK financial markets also supports growth and democratises wealth, and will she meet me to discuss how the Government can better support access to financial markets for individuals, including in my constituency?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who is a near constituency neighbour.
We absolutely agree that retail investment is crucial.
I want more progress on the advice guidance boundary and  targeted support.
I will be working closely, in my new role, with the Financial Conduct Authority to take that forward.
Residents in my constituency will have been extremely concerned to read the news this morning that the Chancellor plans to announce next week the expansion of Heathrow.
I invite  her to tell us, on the Floor of the House this morning, yes or no: will the Government back expansion at Heathrow?
I am not going to comment on leaks.
I will say that the Government are absolutely committed to growing our economy, and making this a great place for businesses to invest in and trade.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on community engagement principles and extremism.
National security will always come first for this Government, and we will always treat the threat of extremism with the seriousness that it requires.
As the Prime Minister said this morning, “Britain now faces a new threat”— a threat of extreme violence from people who are driven by material online.
They are often now lone individuals who are driven by a twisted desire for notoriety.
It is a threat that we must contend with, alongside that from traditional terrorist groups.
The House will be aware that the Home Secretary will make a statement to the House shortly.
All aspects of this changing threat will be considered in her rapid review, ordered last year, which will inform the Government’s counter-extremism strategy.
The review panel is considering the current understanding of extremism, including Islamist and far-right extremism, and its work will include a focus on how best to tackle the threat posed by extremist ideologies, both online and offline.
Early findings were set out in December, alongside initial measures to tackle the challenges that we face.
The Home Office will provide a further update on the measures and actions arising from the counter-extremism sprint shortly.
Our Department retains responsibility for communities and cohesion policy, and the Deputy Prime Minister has convened a new cross-Government communities recovery steering group to develop a comprehensive strategy to address the underlying causes of divisions in our local communities.
In particular, it seeks to address some of the causes of the disorder across the UK following the Southport tragedy last summer.
We have made it clear that a new approach is urgently needed, and we have backed that with an initial £50 million from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government community recovery fund to support areas that were impacted over the summer.
This question relates to an announcement made last March by Michael Gove, who was then Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, in which he set out some new definitions of extremism, including the activities of Islamist and far-right groups, and robust non-engagement principles for the Government to apply when there were serious concerns.
That is particularly relevant to the MHCLG portfolio, which covers social services departments and other organisations, youth justice and Prevent, through which public services engage at community level with a variety of organisations to gather intelligence, help people to move away from extremism, and intervene and disrupt emerging challenges, such as those posed by  grooming gangs.
The issues are also important for our often vilified Muslim communities, who contribute so much to our nation.
The principles having been set out, the aim was to set out a new system for structured engagement.
However, in July the Chancellor announced £120 million of savings in the MHCLG from “small projects”.
It subsequently emerged in answers to written parliamentary questions that an element of that was reduced funding for “legal fees” which were no longer expected “to arise from the previous Government’s” cross-party “approach to extremism”.
A series of Ministers have, since then, found it very challenging to determine exactly what this means, but Ministers have told the House in answer to written questions that the March statement reflects the position of the last Government—in other words, that this Government have chosen to ditch the last Government’s policy on the non-engagement principles.
I am conscious that this is very sensitive, given the statement about the Southport case that we will hear later, but will the Minister answer some questions?
Does the Department still adhere to that working definition of Islamism?
Does it still have a working definition of non-violent extremism on which public bodies can rely, should they need to defend themselves when challenged?
Can he tell the House why Ministers have not been—to quote from the “Ministerial Code”—“as open as possible” on this issue?
Will he share with the House details of correspondence and any meetings that have taken place, and, in particular, the membership of the steering group to which he referred, so that more transparency and confidence surrounds this process?
I do not think it will be a revelation for Members to hear that a change of Government often means a change of approach to what have been shared views and shared problems.
I believe that the last Government deeply wanted to tackle extremism in all its forms across the country, and we share that desire.
Where we differ is on the approach taken by the Department.
In last year’s written ministerial statement—this, I have to say, is something with which I simply cannot agree—the previous Secretary of State, for whom I have a lot of respect, chose for the Department to assume a great deal of responsibility for the issue, essentially on the part of the entire Government.
I do not think that is the right approach, for very good reasons.
Counter-extremism should, I believe, be the fundamental purview of the Home Office, not least because of the Home Office’s access to confidential information that is often not available to the MCHLG.
The approach that we have chosen in the new Government is to have a cross-Government but Home Office-led counter-extremism sprint, which will lead in due course to a counter-extremism strategy that shapes the Government’s way forward.
That is a different approach to what is, I believe, a commonly understood problem.
I cannot accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the previous process as robust.
Let us be honest: it was not used.
The previous Secretary of State made a detailed written ministerial statement and set out a system that could have led on this issue.
He named some  organisations, but it was very clear in the written ministerial statement that he was not prejudging any process for those organisations, and he subsequently did not use the process.
I would question the hon.
Gentleman’s attachment to a previous process that the previous Government chose not to use.
On the point about openness, I have answered multiple questions from the shadow Secretary of State and the shadow Minister.
I will continue to do so, and we will be as open as we possibly can be.
Similarly, with regard to the steering group, I do not think we have made that information public, but I am sure there is no problem in doing so.
I will make sure that it is available.