Ordered, That Tom Morrison be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Charlie Maynard be added.—(Mark Tami.)
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— What the annual cost to the public purse is of a 0.1% increase in the cost of servicing Government debt.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of recent trends in the level of interest on Government debt.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on levels of debt interest spending.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on levels of debt interest spending.
When we entered office, debt was at highs not seen since the 1960s.
My commitment to the fiscal rules is non-negotiable, and we will drive debt down to a sustainable level.
There have been movements in global financial markets, and the UK is not immune.
The Office for Budget Responsibility will produce a forecast in the usual way, and I will respond with a statement to Parliament on  26 March .
I will not be giving a running commentary on that forecast.
Labour came to office promising to kick-start growth.
Instead, it has kicked growth into the gutter.
Over the last few months we have seen some of the slowest growth in the G7—in the actual figures rather than the projections.
Where will the money for the public sector and public services come from with zero economic growth?
Yesterday’s PwC report shows that the UK is the second most attractive place in the world to invest for global CEOs—it is the first time in 28 years that we have been in that position in the league table.
And the International Monetary Fund forecast on Friday that the UK will be the fastest-growing major economy in Europe next year.
Last time I raised the markets’ concerns about debt with the Chancellor, she told me to “get real.”
What is real is that the cost of debt interest is over £10 billion.
What is real are the three choices she has: to increase taxes on people and businesses in Earl Shilton, Burbage and across the country; to cut services for people in Hinckley, Donisthorpe and across the country; or to borrow on the country’s credit card.
Will she now be real with the public and tell them which of the three it is going to be?
We inherited a high amount of debt from the previous Government, and we have to pay interest costs on that debt.
The forecast I set out in the Budget in October showed that debt falling to a sustainable level.
As I said, the OBR forecast will be published on  26 March , and I will make a statement at that time.
The Chancellor’s increased demand for Government borrowing drives up its price and crowds out investment by productive private enterprises, doesn’t it?
[Hon.
Members: “No.”] Let me have a go.
There have undoubtedly been moves in global financial markets this year, and the UK is not immune to those movements.
The OBR has not yet started its forecast.
It will update that in due course, and I will make a statement on  26 March .
Since coming to office, the Chancellor has increased taxes by £40 billion and borrowing by £30 billion and her Employment Rights Bill has increased the costs of employers by a further £5 billion.
Does she accept that her decisions have led to a loss of confidence in the British economy and an increase in our borrowing costs?
I do not think the borrowing costs in every major country in the world can be explained by the decisions made by this Government.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans)  last week, the hon.
Gentleman has to get real.
There have been global movements in financial markets that have affected the United Kingdom, but if he looks at the PWC report from yesterday, the most recent report on market confidence, global CEOs see the UK as the second best place in the world to invest, after the US.
The International Monetary Fund forecasts that the UK is set to be the fastest-growing major economy in Europe, which one would have thought Conservative Members would welcome.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will not be satisfied until residents in Bracknell, and across the country, feel the benefits of economic improvement in their pay packets and their day-to-day lives, so will she set out what more she can do to ensure we tackle the cost of living and fix the economic mess we have inherited from the Conservatives?
After 14 years of stagnant growth and the decline in living standards during the last Parliament, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must turn around that performance.
That is what this Government are determined to do.
The planning and infrastructure Bill will come to Parliament shortly, followed by the pensions Bill, which will unlock long-term pension capital and make it easier for businesses to get things done in this country.