The Minister mentioned a rapid review; perhaps he can give the House a timetable.
As part of that review, could he include the Charity Commission and ask what charities might be dividing our communities rather than unifying them?
Also, could more officials from the Cabinet Office and the Home Office be seconded to his Department so that the decisions around Prevent and this review are taken in a better way?
On the development of the strategy, I do not want to pre-empt the Home Secretary because I am conscious that she is making the next statement.
On Cabinet Office resourcing and secondments, our commitment, as the House would expect, is that fundamentally we are one Government and we must find internal ways to work effectively.
Come what may, we will not hide behind that as an excuse for why things are not effective.
Instead, when Ministers ask questions, we will address them in the spirit of one Government.
I commend both sides of the House on how they have respectfully approached this statement, because that is really important.
The Minister talked about the robustness of this topic, and I am keen to pick him up on that, because one tenet in the UK is all about safety and the other is freedom of speech.
Can the Government rule out changing any definitions that could lead, intentionally or unintentionally, towards blasphemy laws, because free speech is really important?
The Home Secretary will have the chance to talk about the counter-extremism strategy in due course, but I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we have been looking at the early signs from that review, and these were talked about in December by my hon.
Friend the Security Minister.
To some degree these were about the places in which hate festers rather than about legislative changes.
Our thoughts today are with the families of those three poor little girls and with everybody who was hurt in that terrible event last summer.
It is inexcusable that state agencies missed vital opportunities to intervene in this devastating case, including at three crucial points following Prevent referrals.
These failings shine a grim light on the significant cracks in our public services, following years of spending cuts and underinvestment.
Will the Minister join me in calling for the public inquiry to consider the role of austerity since 2010 as a contributing factor to these terrible failings?
Again, I am afraid I cannot pre-empt what the Home Secretary is about to say, but the hon.
Lady will have the chance to put that point to her soon.
In our community strategy and our attempts to ensure that communities are resilient ones where people can live together in harmony, we are of course considering what was said in Dame Sara Khan’s review, and one of the underlying causes that she raised concerns about was austerity.
We need to make sure that we have well-resourced public services.
We also need to ensure that people do not feel that there is any division in the allocation of resources that is in some way targeted against them.
We know that that should never be the case and would never be the case, so of course we are considering that as part of our communities work.
The independent review of Prevent, the Government programme that tries to stop people being radicalised by extremist views, said on its very first page that “the facts clearly demonstrate that the most lethal threat in the last 20 years has come from Islamism, and this threat continues.”
The last Government knew this to be true.
Do this Government?
This Government have taken on the independent review of Prevent, and 33 of its 34 recommendations have been implemented.
We are engaged in the counter-extremism sprint, and our counter-extremism strategy will flow from it.
The hon.
Lady will have a chance to see that.
I will have a go at getting an answer from the Minister, even if he did not answer the questions of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weald of Kent (Katie Lam)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Stone, Great Wyrley and Penkridge (Sir Gavin Williamson) .
Yesterday, the Department confirmed in answer to a freedom of information request that there is internal Government correspondence about the Muslim Council of Britain that it refuses to publish.
Can the Minister overturn that decision, publish the papers and confirm that there have been no discussions and no correspondence within Whitehall proposing re-engagement with the MCB?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the position has not moved.
I have previously stated in answer to written questions that we are not meeting the Muslim Council of Britain.
[Hon.
Members: “Say it again!”
] I am not sure I can say it any more clearly than at the Dispatch Box in the Chamber of the House of Commons.
The position has not changed from the previous Government.