Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate TAC (The Abilities Connection) Industries, a nonprofit organization located in my Congressional district, that provides job opportunities to people with disabilities through its participation in the AbilityOne Program.
AbilityOne is a federal program that provides employment opportunities to approximately 40,000 people who are blind or have significant disabilities, including more than 2,500 veterans.
TAC Industries recently received the 2024 Innovation Award at Source America's annual X-Force conference in Orlando, Florida.
This award honors a nonprofit that developed ``innovative work methods, products or services.''
TAC Industries partnered with Clark State College in Springfield, Ohio, which is also in my district, to create the Fresh Abilities restaurant, a farm-to-table quick service restaurant on the campus, which functions simultaneously as an employment center and a training program for workers with disabilities.
Through their partnership, TAC developed a curriculum that included over 100 hours of classroom instruction and hands-on skill building.
They utilized the college's classroom facilities for their employees' food safety training.
In the restaurant, the employees were then trained in how to prepare meals, how to make sales, and develop customer service skills.
Employees at Fresh Abilities gained the unique experience of working in a safe, inclusive environment while getting the training and support they need to do their jobs to the best of their abilities.
Clark State students, faculty and employees gained access to healthy food, and the college's administration was able to divert funds previously spent on food service to other student-focused areas.
For individuals with disabilities, the opportunity to pursue a fulfilling, meaningful career of one's own choosing with a path for advancement is important to their quality of life.
I appreciate the work TAC Industries undertakes to provide these employment and vocational opportunities, and congratulate them on receiving this prestigious award.