Representatives, demonstrating her ability to navigate the complexities recently, she served as the Managing Director of Community Engagement and Legislative Affairs for Elgin Community College, where she helped bridge the gap between education and the community.
In addition to her professional achievements, Dr. Blacksmith has dedicated herself to empowering marginalized communities.
In 1999, she founded Companeros en Salud, an organization that provides vital healthcare resources to the Hispanic community and other diverse groups.
Her commitment to social justice is evident in her active membership in numerous organizations, including the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning (CMAP), the Community Foundation of the Fox River Valley, RISE of South Elgin, and the St. Charles Chamber Dr. Blacksmith's tireless efforts have been recognized with numerous awards including the Illinois Legislative Latino Caucus Foundation's Latino Leadership Award, the Quad County Urban League's ``Women of Power'' Award, and the Chicago Latino Network's Latina Professionals Award.
Her academic achievements are equally impressive.
Dr. Blacksmith earned her Doctor of Education degree in Leadership in Higher Education and Organizational Change from Benedictine University, a Masters degree in Higher Education Leadership from Northeastern Illinois University, her Bachelors degree in Liberal Arts with an emphasis on Multicultural Studies from DePaul University, and an Associate's degree in Applied Sciences from Waubonsee Community College.
Mr Speaker, I am proud to honor Dr. Lourdes ``Lulu'' Blacksmith.
Her dedication, leadership, and unwavering commitment to serving others have left an indelible mark on our community.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating her as she embarks on this new chapter in her life with her husband Steve, two daughters Nikki and Stefanie, and her grandchildren Sophia and Stephen.
We wish her the best in her welldeserved retirement, and we express our gratitude for her contributions to Kane County and the Nation.