Navy brought him.
For example, he coached basketball at his first duty station in Yokosuka, Japan, and was a public works officer at the Naval Regional Medical Center in Oakland, CA, where he taught Civil Engineer Corps students.
While Tom's tenacity took no days off, he always made time for his family and those most important to him.
Following Tom's marriage to his wife, Sandy, in 1976 and the birth of his two sons, he left active duty in 1982 and stayed in the reserves for another 17 years.
Tom resigned from the Armed Forces with the rank of Captain in 1999.
After he resigned his commission as an active-duty Naval Officer, he moved to Southern California and joined the Newhall Land and Farming Company where he was responsible for all aspects of residential, commercial, and industrial development.
In 1990, he was named Senior Vice President and retired in 2004.
Since the 80s, Tom has been an integral part of our community.
He served on the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp., Valencia Water Co., Castaic Lake Water Agency, and Valencia Bank and Trust.
Tom was also a board member of the College of the Canyons Foundation, a director emeritus of the COC Foundation, and president of the Boys & Girls Club of the Santa Clarita Valley.
In short, Tom's been busy.
For his work in our community, Tom has earned the Silver Spur Award for Community Service, the Boys & Girls Club's Samuel Dixon Award for extraordinary service, as well as being named Santa Clarita Valley Man of the Year in 2012.
My path crossed Tom's because of his desire to make an impact on the next generation in our community.
Tom worked tirelessly to help nominate the emerging military leaders of our district.
Over his tenure, he walked with 41 students as they navigated the application and nomination process to our Nation's great military academies.
I thank Tom for his dedication in making sure that our academies receive the best of the best and for his critical role in a stronger, more secure future for this great Nation.
I am forever grateful for Tom's steadfast dedication to our community and the work he has done as part of my team.
Tom's approach to life is a powerful example to us all of what it means to pay it forward.