Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired USAF Lieutenant Colonel Harold Eugene Rafuse, of Crawford, Texas, by presenting him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His persistent efforts in fostering beliefs of sacrifice and respect reflect his value as a leader during service and in retirement.
Lieutenant Colonel Rafuse devoted nearly 20 years to active duty in the United States Air Force serving with distinction in a variety of critical roles.
As an airborne Forward Air Controller and close air support combat fighter pilot, he flew the North American T-28D Trojan aircraft in Southeast Asia as a Raven Pilot, providing vital support to ground forces.
He also piloted the RC-135 aircraft, conducting highaltitude photographic and electronic reconnaissance missions in Eastern and Southeast Asia, significantly contributing to our national security efforts.
Later in his career, he was selected for the newly established United States Air Force Space Operations Command, where he served as a space operations and surveillance commander.
His leadership in this emerging field showcased his adaptability and commitment to advancing our Nation's capabilities in space.
Lieutenant Colonel Rafuse's 20 years of active service are complemented by his extensive experience in aviation, aerospace, scientific research, engineering, technology, education, senior program management, information resource management, and administration.
He held influential positions across the Department of Defense, multiple federal intelligence agencies, and various civilian educational and business institutions.
Notably, he served as a science and technology advisor to the Office of President Ronald Reagan, a testament to his expertise and the trust placed in him at the highest levels of government.
By the time of his retirement, his exceptional achievements had earned him numerous titles and certifications, including Senior Pilot in the Air Force, Senior Space Operations Commander, Space Surveillance and Mission Assessment Expert, Command Missileer, Master Acquisition Manager (Department of Defense Level III certified), and Master Instructor.
Lieutenant Colonel Rafuse's decorations include the Meritorious Service Medal with two Oak Leaf Clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, the Air Force Organizational Excellence Award with two Oak Leaf Clusters, the National Defense Service Medal, the Air Force