Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the ``San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act.''
I thank U.S. 
Senator Alex Padilla (D-CA) for sponsoring the companion legislation and my colleagues, Congressmen Jared Huffman (D-CA) and Mike Thompson (D-CA) for cosponsoring my bill.
The San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge is one of California's treasured places, protecting more than 24,390 acres of tidal marshes and wetlands in the north San Francisco Bay Area.
As part of the Pacific Flyway, the National Wildlife Refuge provides critical habitat for endangered species and migratory birds.
The ``San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act'' would add approximately 5,658 acres of adjacent baylands owned by the State Wildlife Refuge's boundary.
This expansion would increase the National Wildlife Refuge's acreage by more than 23 percent, supporting President Biden's ``America the Beautiful'' National Conservation Goal to protect and conserve at least 30 percent of the lands and waters in the United States by 2030 and Governor Newsom's similar conservation goal for the State.
Conserving California's special places has been a lifelong passion throughout my tenure in the State Legislature, as Deputy Secretary of the Interior to President Clinton, and now as a Member of Congress representing Solano County.
San Pablo Bay is one of those special places.
This bill will help to restore the saltmarshes in San Pablo Bay for future generations and increase outdoor recreation opportunities for Bay Area residents and visitors alike.
Importantly, this bill does not infringe upon state interests or individual property owners and prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using eminent domain to acquire properties within the expanded boundaries.
Instead, the bill directs the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to only acquire land within the newly extended boundary from willing sale or donation.
Furthermore, the bill encourages the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to engage in cooperative management with state agencies to better manage the National Wildlife Refuge and nearby state conservation lands within the San Pablo Bay watershed.
This bill is inspired by the tireless efforts of the late U.S.