Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Memorial Day, a time to

commemorate the valor and sacrifices of the brave men and women who

laid down their lives in service to our nation.
To recall those who

enlisted in our armed forces and fought to preserve our American

liberties, values, and way of life.
We remember the men who ran ashore the beaches of Normandy to end

WWII; those who fought in the snows of Korea; the bravery of those who

fought in the impenetrable jungles and unbearable heat of Vietnam; as

well as the men and women who were called to serve in the aftermath of

9/11.
America is the world's superpower, but our freedom comes at a

cost that has included the lives of the brightest and boldest of our

Nation.
It is only fitting that on Memorial Day, we find ourselves reflecting

on those individuals who so bravely and instinctively risked their all

in the face of severe danger.
I am reminded of the poignant words of

Navy veteran Jack Crawford, who, while serving aboard the USS Yorktown

when it was sunk during the Battle of Midway in 1942, once stated:

``There aren't many things you can take out of this planet . . .
but

you can take with you, wherever you go, consciousness of duty

faithfully performed.''
That which we simply call `duty,' a word we use freely and do not

give the reverence it deserves--is the motto, way of life and heartfelt

song of soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and Coast Guard members, who

constantly and without hesitation put their lives on the line for our

freedoms.
Mr. Speaker, the men and women who have given their lives in service

to this nation are--irrevocably--heroes.
When their country called,

they answered.
No matter how they found their way to service, each took

it upon him or herself to serve faithfully and to their fullest, while

giving their last measure of devotion to our country.
We owe them more than just remembrance; we owe them gratitude,

respect, and a promise to forever uphold the values for which they

fought and died.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER MIKE ANDERSON

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the courageous actions

of volunteer firefighter Mike Anderson of Buffalo, Indiana, whose

selfless service exemplifies the highest ideals of public safety and

community commitment.
On April 11, 2025, a vehicle fire near a residence in Winamac,

Indiana, escalated into a house fire.
Deputy Christopher Parish of the

Pulaski County Sheriff's Office arrived on the scene and discovered

that the fire had spread to the house, which was rapidly becoming

engulfed in flames.
Although initial reports indicated that all

occupants had evacuated, Deputy Parish heard a voice from inside the

burning home.
Without hesitation, he broke a window using his

flashlight, but dense smoke prevented the trapped individual from

escaping.
At this critical moment, volunteer firefighter Mike Anderson

arrived on the scene.
Together, Deputy Parish and Firefighter Anderson entered the smoke-

filled room through the broken window and successfully rescued the

individual, pulling him to safety just before the fire overtook the

room.
Firefighter Anderson's actions exemplify the highest standards of

public service and courage.
His quick thinking and fearless response

undoubtedly saved a life that day.
His heroism serves as an inspiration

to us all and underscores the vital role of first responders in our

communities.
I thank Mike for his valor and dedication to public safety.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I was participating in a Congressional

Delegation to the Holy See to attend the inaugural mass of Pope Leo XIV

and our military plane experienced mechanical problems.
I was delayed

in returning to the District of Columbia.