In total, 9

lawmakers of Hmong descent represent legislative districts at the

Minnesota State Capitol.
As we celebrate Asian Pacific Heritage Month this year, it is a time

to pause and reflect on these significant and historic milestones.
It

is also a time to look to the future.
I am grateful for the rich

cultural diversity our Southeast Asian Diaspora communities have

brought to our nation and to Minnesota's Fourth Congressional District

over the last fifty years.
I look forward to the continued growth,

success, partnership and collaboration with our Southeast Asian

neighbors.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating the 50th Anniversary of

the Vietnam War and the resettlement of Southeast Asian refugees to

America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DEPUTY CHRISTOPHER PARISH

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the extraordinary

bravery and selfless service demonstrated by Deputy Christopher Parish

of the Pulaski County Sheriffs Office.
This past April, Deputy Parish responded to a vehicle fire near a

residence in Winamac, Indiana.
Upon arrival, he discovered that the

fire had spread to the house, which was rapidly becoming engulfed in

flames.
Although initial reports indicated that all occupants had

evacuated.
Deputy Parish heard a voice from inside the burning home.
Without hesitation, he broke a window using his flashlight, but dense

smoke prevented the trapped individual from escaping.
At this critical

moment, volunteer firefighter Mike Anderson arrived on the scene.
Together, Deputy Parish and Firefighter Anderson entered the smoke-

filled room through the broken window and successfully rescued the

individual, pulling him to safety just before the fire overtook the

room.
The rescued individual received immediate medical attention and is

currently in stable condition.
Deputy Parish was treated for smoke

inhalation and sustained minor cuts during the rescue.
Deputy Parish's actions exemplify the highest standards of public

service and courage.
His quick thinking and fearless response

undoubtedly saved a life that day.
His heroism serves as an inspiration

to us all and underscores the vital role of first responders in our

committees.
I thank Deputy Christopher Parish for his valor and dedication to

public safety.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOSHUA KYONG WON JUNG FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL FLORIDA

DURING ASIAN AMERICAN & PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Joshua Kyong won Jung is the president of the

Orlando Korea Culture Center (OKCC) and the founding pastor of Sunlight

Grace Church in Orlando, Florida.
He currently serves as the chairman

of the Asian American Heritage Council of Central Florida (AAHC-CF), a

regional organization dedicated to celebrating and promoting Asian

cultural heritage.
Originally from South Korea, Joshua immigrated to the United States

at the age of 29 to pursue a Master of Divinity.
In 2014, he planted

Sunlight Grace Church and, just two years later, led the founding of

the OKCC as a community outreach initiative aimed at sharing Korean

culture.
Despite initial challenges, the growing popularity of K-pop

and Korean media helped OKCC gain traction, offering programs such as

Korean language classes, cultural events, and food experiences.
Joshua's vision has always been to build bridges between cultures,

fostering greater understanding and appreciation among the diverse

communities of Central Florida.
His leadership, both in ministry and in

cultural outreach, continues to make a significant impact on the

region, empowering the next generation and bringing communities

together through faith, education, and celebration of heritage.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LOUIS DEJOY AND CONGRATULATING HIM ON A SUCCESSFUL CAREER AS

U.S. POSTMASTER GENERAL

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Mr.

Louis DeJoy, for his dedicated service as the 75th Postmaster General

of the United States.
Appointed in June 2020, Mr. DeJoy helped navigate the United States

Postal Service through the uncertainty brought about by the COVID-19

pandemic.