RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Mr.

Louis DeJoy, for his dedicated service as the 75th Postmaster General

of the United States.
Appointed in June 2020, Mr. DeJoy helped navigate the United States

Postal Service through the uncertainty brought about by the COVID-19

pandemic.
Under his direction, the U.S. Postal Service maintained its

essential mission of delivering mail and packages to the American

people, keeping family and friends connected in this challenging time.
In addition to navigating the pandemic, Mr. DeJoy was responsible for

implementing important reforms and cost-saving measures with the goal

of making the U.S. Postal Service more efficient.
In pursuit of these

goals, Mr. DeJoy secured $50 billion dollars from Congress for USPS

restructuring, as well as sought assistance from the Department of

Government Efficiency to streamline the USPS and successfully improve

the inner workings of the agency.
A very successful businessman and expert in logistics, Mr. DeJoy was

able to bring all stakeholders to the table.
His honest,

straightforward approach gained the trust of postal employees, union

representatives and lawmakers.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. DeJoy for his

service to the American people, and his steadfast leadership of the

U.S. Postal Service marked by a return to common sense and increased

productivity, and success navigating a global pandemic.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Mr. Louis DeJoy for his

excellent service as the 75th Postmaster General of the United States.
We wish him, his wife Aldona, and the family all the best in the

future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRIYA PERSAUD FOR HER CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL FLORIDA DURING

ASIAN AMERICAN & PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Priya Persaud serves as the founder and

director of the Devyani School of Cultural Arts.
Her journey in dance

commenced in 1992, during which she received training in Odissi dance

at the Chitralekha Dance Academy and Bharatanatyam at the Sampradaya

Dance Academy.
In 2010, Priya committed to educating others about Indian dance and

culture, integrating lessons on various Indian festivals, Hidni, and

the profound significance of the postures and gestures in Indian dance.
Her foremost passion lies in transmitting the rich Indian cultural

heritage through the art of dance, and she takes great pleasure in

witnessing her students and the community engage with and learn about

Indian traditions.
Over the past 15 years, the dancers from the Devyani School of

Cultural Arts have showcased their talents across Orlando and

Kissimmee, performing at venues such as Walt Disney World, Silver Spurs

Arena, Kissimmee Lakefront Park, Boggy Creek Elementary School, and the

Osceola Sheriff's Department.
Priya has also been involved with various organizations that advocate

for diversity and cultural acceptance, serving as a Steering Committee

member for FusionFest, currently holding a board position with

AsiaTrend, and collaborating with numerous local organizations in

Central Florida, including the Indian American Business Associations

and Chamber, Indian American Chamber of Commerce, TEMA, and the

Association of Asian Cultural Festival.
Cultural appreciation and education have consistently been a priority

for Priya.
She strives to bridge the divide between ignorance and

acceptance regarding diversity.
With 20 years of experience as a public

sector employee, Priya takes pleasure in serving her community in

various capacities.
She aspires for her impact on the community and

future generations to be beneficial, fostering an environment where

diversity and cultural acceptance are standard practices.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND CHAU JOSEPH NGUYEN FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL

FLORIDA DURING ASIAN AMERICAN & PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Reverend Chau Joseph Nguyen and his family

came to the United States as refugees after the fall of Saigon,

Vietnam, on April 30, 1975, and settled in Arlington, Texas.