Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MS.
ELSA LEWIS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
88

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MS.
ELSA LEWIS

HON.
KAT CAMMACK

Mrs. CAMMACK.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Florida's Third Congressional

District, we wish Ms. Elsa Lewis a very happy 100th birthday.
Elizabeth Marie Kretzschmar better known as ``Elsa,'' is the youngest

of three children born to German immigrant, Fritz Kretzschmar and

Austrian immigrant, Josie Wittescheck Kretzschmar on June 6, 1925 in

San Gabriel, California.
During World War II, she met and married a Navy sailor by the name of

Wesley Inman Lewis and moved to Gainesville, Florida while he attended

the University of Florida.
Upon graduation, they moved to Thomasville,

GA and resided on Miilpond Plantation where Inman was the forestry

supervisor for the many acres of the plantation.
During their residency

in Thomasville, Elsa was a homemaker and gave birth to three children,

a girl and two boys.
In the 1960s the family moved back to Inman's

hometown, Alachua, Florida, to open a fertilizer plant and farm one of

the largest tobacco farms in the area.
Elsa had been a bookkeeper

before her children arrived and became the bookkeeper for the

fertilizer plant they owned and operated in Alachua.
She has spent her remaining years here in Alachua after retiring from

bookkeeping when the fertilizer plant was sold.
All three of her

children and their families live close by as well as seven

grandchildren and great grandchildren.
She is fondly known to her great

grandchildren and great, great grandchildren as ``GiGi.''
Even though she is approaching 100 years loved, she is still

dependent and lives on her own with children and grandchildren keeping

her busy.
Congratulations to Ms. Elsa on 100 amazing years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE END OF THE VIETNAM WAR AND

THE RESETTLEMENT OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN REFUGEES TO AMERICA

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join thousands of my

constituents from the Cambodian, Hmong, Lao and Vietnamese Diaspora

communities in Minnesota and across the country to mark the 50th

anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
As we commemorate this

painful legacy, we also mark the 50th anniversary of the resettlement

of more than 1 million Southeast Asian refugees to the United States of

America after the war.
Minnesota is home to 95,000 Hmong, 33,000

Vietnamese, 16,000 Cambodians and 12,000 Lao Americans.
These vibrant

communities are flourishing and making tremendous contributions to our

social, economic, political, and cultural lives.
Southeast Asian Minnesotans are thriving throughout our state as

entrepreneurs, professionals, engineers, and in the skilled tradesmen

and women; serving our community as teachers, law enforcement officers,

nurses, and medical doctors; and serving our nation and state in the

Armed Forces and the Minnesota National Guard.
These new Americans'

success stories exemplify the spirit of resilience.
Many have overcome

tremendous difficulties and challenges in pursuing the American dream,

especially Hmong and Laotian war veterans who fought alongside American

forces during the secret war in Laos, and who continue to cope with the

trauma of war, mental health challenges and other legacies of war.
Recently, it was an honor to address the Hmong National Development

(HND) Conference in Minnesota and commemorate the historic 50th

anniversary celebration of Hmong refugees' resettlement to America.
As

home of one of the largest Hmong American populations outside of

Southeast Asia, I am very proud to have six Hmong American state

legislators representing constituents in my district!
In total, 9

lawmakers of Hmong descent represent legislative districts at the

Minnesota State Capitol.
As we celebrate Asian Pacific Heritage Month this year, it is a time

to pause and reflect on these significant and historic milestones.
It

is also a time to look to the future.