PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Detective Dale

Ingram of Van Alstyne, Texas.
Detective Ingram has dedicated himself to

faithfully serving and protecting our community.
Since 1978, Detective Ingram has served as a law enforcement officer

in North Texas.
Throughout his 45 years in uniform, he has worked as a

patrol officer, warrant officer, detective, and as a member of the

North Texas Child Abuse Task Force.
Currently, Detective Ingram works

for the Van Alstyne Police Department.
In his career, he has diligently

fought to protect our children from harm and ensure our communities are

safe.
In May, Detective Ingram was tragically diagnosed with a late

stage brain tumor, which has affected his quality of life.
Despite this

diagnosis, he has tirelessly fought to spend as much time with his

family as possible.
When Detective Ingram's children went through his old files and

keepsakes, they found that he had received countless exemplary reviews

from superiors and commendations for his selfless service as a law

enforcement officer.
Some weren't written down, as they involved his

actions in protecting the lives of children who did not have a voice.
For decades, he has served North Texas with great pride and honor,

unafraid of those who wish to do harm.
Outside of the uniform,

Detective Ingram is a loving husband, father, and grandfather to

thirteen grandchildren.
I am confident that he will fully triumph in

the battle against cancer, and I wish him a complete recovery so that

he may spend many more years with his family.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over out Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Detective Ingram's extensive public service

and dedication to the people of North Texas.
May God Bless him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WOODLANDS, TEXAS, ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DAN CRENSHAW

Mr. CRENSHAW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a tremendous

community in my district, The Woodlands, Texas, as it celebrates its

50th Anniversary on October 19th.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, George Mitchell began developing

plans for a new hometown called The Woodlands.
Mr. Mitchell's vision

was for an all-encompassing, integrated community where residents could

live, work, play, learn and pray among a natural forested and preserved

environment.
Beginning with the modest purchase in 1964 of 2,800 acres from the

Grogan Cochran Lumber Company, over the next decade Mr. Mitchell would

invest in an additional 17,455 acres as a start to the master planned

community.
The first public school opened in 1971, and The Woodlands

celebrated its grand opening with the opening of the Village of

Grogan's Mill on October 19, 1974.
A master planned community far ahead of its time, Mr. Mitchell

created in The Woodlands a thoughtful and diverse living experience

that balanced the spirit of neighborhood life with business and

innovation, all nestled within a grounded natural setting.
Over its five decades, The Woodlands has grown to include nine

residential villages, The Woodlands Town Center, Hughes Landing and the

Woodlands Waterway, the community's nexus of business and

entertainment.
The Woodlands boasts some of the highest ranked schools

in the greater Houston region, award-winning medical and wellness

centers, and places of worship of virtually every denomination.
Today,

approximately, 2,668 businesses, including the headquarters of major

corporations, are based in The Woodlands.
The Woodlands has become an economic juggernaut in the Greater

Southeast Texas area led by the development of The Woodlands Town

Center.
Spanning 1,000 acres, the urban core features premier office

and retail space, a plethora of world class dining and entertainment

options, hotels, healthcare and residences, all within a walkable

environment.
Economic development has been key to the success of The

Woodlands generating commercial growth that has contributed to

sustaining a low tax rate for residents while preserving the

exceptional amenities that distinguish The Woodlands from many urban

cores.