The Woodlands has become an economic juggernaut in the Greater

Southeast Texas area led by the development of The Woodlands Town

Center.
Spanning 1,000 acres, the urban core features premier office

and retail space, a plethora of world class dining and entertainment

options, hotels, healthcare and residences, all within a walkable

environment.
Economic development has been key to the success of The

Woodlands generating commercial growth that has contributed to

sustaining a low tax rate for residents while preserving the

exceptional amenities that distinguish The Woodlands from many urban

cores.
Likewise, the 151 parks, over 220 miles of hiking and bike trails,

pools, public art, water sport destinations and signature golf courses

highlight the community's natural surroundings.
And yet, with all the

community offers, the forest remains.
Over the years, nearly one

million seedlings have been given away at Arbor Day festivals and

planted to enrich the community's forested beauty.
Today, almost 8,000

of 28,500 total acres, remains open space.
This dedication to the natural environment was a priority in the

development of The Woodlands.
Parks have been planned and developed

hand-in-hand with residential development.
Families can enjoy a park

within a 10-minute walk.
In fact, The Woodlands was designed to be park

plentiful, boasting one park per 815 residents, placing the community

200 percent above the national average for parks per resident,

according to the National Recreation and Parks Association.
George Mitchell strategically planned The Woodlands with a focus on

residential development first, laying the groundwork and support for a

robust commercial destination aimed to create a central hub that would

enhance the overall community experience and attract businesses,

residents and visitors.
Since its founding, The Woodlands has emerged

from a fledging outpost of the Greater Houston area to a thriving

community ranked the No.
1 Community to Live in America in 2021 and

2022.
As The Woodlands celebrates five decades of diversity, innovation

and community pride, we all look forward to its even more promising

future.
In recognition of the 50th Anniversary, The Woodlands community will

come together for a week of events culminating in a community wide

celebration on October 19th.
I congratulate The Woodlands on its 50th

Anniversary and wish its residents a safe and joyous celebration on

this momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TOM DeBAUN

HON.
GREG PENCE

Mr. PENCE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former mayor of

Shelbyville, Tom DeBaun.
First elected in 2011, Tom served his community as mayor for three

terms.
As mayor, he prioritized economic development and residents,

establishing an adult high school, creating Advantage Shelby County,

and investing in trails and sidewalks to increase accessibility.
Before serving as mayor, Tom was a probation officer and head of the

city's building and planning commission.
Today, I thank Tom for his service and support for the Hoosiers of

Shelbyville.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING MICHAEL STEINBARGER

HON.
GREG PENCE

Mr. PENCE.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise to mark

the passing of a dear friend.
On May 14, Michael Steinbarger of

Edinburgh, Indiana sadly left this world.
Michael was a native of my hometown of Columbus, Indiana and married

his wife, Anngie, in 1982.
From that point on, they shared their lives

together on a farm in Edinburgh, where they raised two daughters,

Hayley Clark and Michelle Tobias.
Michael was an active servant of his community, proudly serving with

the Shelby County Farm Bureau Board, Shelby County 4-H, Flat Rock

Volunteer Fire Department, and was a member of the St. George Lutheran

Church.
I am especially thankful for Michael and Anngie's wise counsel and

service as it relates to my Sixth District Agriculture Advisory Board.
My heart goes out to Anngie, their two children, and their families.
All who knew Michael were better for having known him, and he will be

greatly missed.