I am especially thankful for Michael and Anngie's wise counsel and

service as it relates to my Sixth District Agriculture Advisory Board.
My heart goes out to Anngie, their two children, and their families.
All who knew Michael were better for having known him, and he will be

greatly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF TRACEY ANNE KENNEDY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Ms. Tracey

Anne Kennedy, who passed on September 16, 2024, and whose life's work

instilled faith, hope, and love in everyone around her.
Ms. Kennedy was born on May 6, 1963, to John and Carol Kennedy of

Tonawanda, New York.
She attended Sweet Home High School and graduated

from Buffalo State University with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in

Political Science.
She married John Plante in 1991, and together they

raised two beautiful children, Michael and Mary Katherine.
Though they

went their separate ways later in life, Tracey lived out the last five

years of her life with John, who helped her navigate her medical

journey.
After being diagnosed with Stage 4 Breast Cancer and later Adenoid

Cystic Carcinoma, Ms. Kennedy bravely fought for nine years through

numerous treatments and procedures, always with a positive attitude and

remaining strong in her faith.
As a member of The Chapel at CrossPoint,

Ms. Kennedy found comfort in knowing that God was with her every step

of the way.
Ms. Kennedy always ensured that those around her felt loved.
She was

everyone's loudest cheerleader, strongest supporter, and best friend.
She relentlessly encouraged her family and friends to strive for the

impossible and reach for the stars.
She always wanted to make everyone

feel seen and special, armed with her thousand-watt smile and

contagious laughter.
Today, Ms. Kennedy is remembered as a hard-working woman of God, who

put the needs of others first, had a profound love for her children and

family, and continuously fought for her health.
Please join me in

honoring Ms. Tracey Anne Kennedy for her lifetime of dedication to

service and faith.