DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, I would like to recognize Donna Rhodes, president of the Sun

City Grand Republican Club.
Donna has distinguished herself by providing exceptional service to

the residents of Sun City Grand, Arizona.
As president of the club,

Donna has been an advocate for educating members on the civic

engagement process and how to interact with elected officials.
The

efforts of Donna and the Sun City Grand Republican Club have been

pivotal to the success of elected officials and candidates in the

Phoenix West Valley.
I am thankful for Donna's leadership and dedication to conservative

principles.
I sincerely appreciate her service to the 8th Congressional

District and the State of Arizona.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDITH PITTMAN FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY

THROUGH SECOND STORY

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Judith Pittman, Chief

Executive Officer of Second Story.
Judith has been serving communities

in Northern Virginia through Second Story since 1995.
Since 1972,

Second Story has worked closely with youth and families across Northern

Virginia through strategic programs to help them work towards self-

sufficiency as well as break cycles of homelessness, abuse, and

poverty.
As Chief Executive Officer, Judith has used her background of

almost 30 years in nonprofit management and advocacy to obtain more

services for at-risk, abused, homeless and runaway youth--including

opening seven new programs since 2004 targeted to this population.
Because of Judith, thousands of youths and families have been able to

write their Second Stories.
Judith has served on federal panels to develop standards for

federally funded programs serving runaway, homeless, and street youth.
She also was a Greater Washington Nonprofit Roundtable Fellow.
She has

presented at numerous National Conferences on topics relevant to youth

and young adults.
Judith serves on the Policy Advisory Committee for

the National Network for Youth.
She is a member of the Successful

Children and Youth Policy Team of Fairfax County as a former Board

Member for the Runaway and Homeless Youth Training and Technical

Assistance Advisory Board.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Judith

Pittman for her tremendous efforts as a leader in Northern Virginia

communities, as she celebrates her retirement after 30 years with

Second Story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUSTAINABLE SOLANO'S 25TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague

Congressman Mike Thompson, to honor and commend Sustainable Solano as

it celebrates its 25th anniversary.
This remarkable milestone is a

testament to the crucial work Sustainable Solano has accomplished to

support sustainable food access in Solano County.
First established as the Benicia Community Gardens in 1999,

Sustainable Solano's all-volunteer organization has spearheaded efforts

to bolster local food systems and promote ecologically sustainable

practices in Solano County.
Since its founding, Sustainable Solano has

installed 68 sustainable gardens and planted over 400 trees, helping

bring green infrastructure to urban areas in Solano County.
Sustainable Solano's critical initiatives are combating food

insecurity in our communities, raise public awareness about the climate

crisis, and support our local farmers.
In addition, Sustainable

Solano's efforts to promote youth engagement will help encourage

today's youth to become the environmental advocates and sustainability

leaders of tomorrow.
As our planet faces increasingly severe threats from the climate

crisis, organizations like Sustainable Solano are critical to building

sustainable, resilient communities.
We look forward to seeing the

essential work Sustainable Solano will continue to accomplish in our

communities and beyond.
On behalf of the constituents of California's Fourth and Eighth

Congressional District, we would like to congratulate Sustainable

Solano on its 25th anniversary and extend our sincere gratitude for its

service to the Solano County community.