As our planet faces increasingly severe threats from the climate

crisis, organizations like Sustainable Solano are critical to building

sustainable, resilient communities.
We look forward to seeing the

essential work Sustainable Solano will continue to accomplish in our

communities and beyond.
On behalf of the constituents of California's Fourth and Eighth

Congressional District, we would like to congratulate Sustainable

Solano on its 25th anniversary and extend our sincere gratitude for its

service to the Solano County community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF FORMER STATE SENATOR

PRISCILLA DUNN

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life

and legacy of a beloved educator and public servant, former Alabama

State Senator Priscilla Ann Proffitt Dunn, who passed away on September

17, 2024, at the age of 80.
Senator Dunn was born on October 8, 1943, to Johnnie A. Proffitt and

Mary Ella Walker in Margret, Alabama.
She attended J.S. Abrams High

School, where she made a name for herself as the captain of the Cheer

Leader Squad and the first Ms. Abrams High.
Upon graduating from J.S. Abrams High School with Honors in the Class

of 1961, Senator Dunn continued her educational journey at Alabama

State University, where she received a bachelor's degree in education,

and the University of Montevallo where she earned her master's degree

in education.
With a lifelong passion for education, Senator Dunn worked in the

Public School System of Alabama for 30 years where she poured into the

children of her community.
Known for her kindness and generosity, she

often personally paid for school supplies that many of her underserved

students could not afford.
In 1998, motived by the pursuit of justice and an abiding love for

the people of her community, Senator Dunn sought public office,

bringing her immense talents to the Alabama State Legislature where she

represented the Bessemer and Jefferson County area for nearly a quarter

century.
She began her political career in the Alabama House, where she

represented the 56th District from 1998 to 2009.
She later represented

District 19 in the Alabama State Senate, serving from 2009 until her

retirement in 2022.
Her 24-year tenure was marked by compassionate and

powerful advocacy on the issues of education, women's and children's

rights, and combating the epidemic of homelessness.
Senator Dunn spent her life giving back to her community.
She served

in a leadership capacity on numerous organizations, including President

of the Concerned Citizens of Bessemer Cut-Off, Coordinator for the

Jefferson County Democratic Conference, Board Member for the Bessemer

Civic Center, President of the Humanistic Challengers Federated Club,

Secretary of Girls, Inc. of Central Alabama, Board Member of the

Jefferson/Shelby Counties American Cancer Society Advisory Board and

Board Member for the State Democratic Executive Committee and many

more.
Having accepted Christ into her life at a young age, Senator Dunn was

a devoted servant of God who led by example and always practiced what

she preached.
She was an instructor for the Jefferson County Congress

home church, the Shady Grove Baptist Church.
Senator Dunn is survived by her beloved husband, the Honorable Grover

Dunn; her daughter, the Honorable Karen Dunn Burks (Eric Burks--

deceased), her brother, Herman L. Lumzy; two grandsons, Grover Blake

Burks and Frederick Brock Burks; nephews, Herman Lumzy (Jasmine), Mario

Lumzy (Rhonda); her niece, Tameeka Lumzy Todd (Jeremiah) and a host of

relatives and friends.
On a personal note, I was blessed to have known Senator Dunn and her

wonderful family.
As Alabama's first Black Congresswoman, I stand on

the shoulders of amazing leaders like Senator Dunn who opened the doors

for me and many others.
She was a grand dame whose footsteps we as

Black women elected officials in Alabama are blessed to follow.