Deputy Hollingsworth was helping stranded drivers amid the

rapidly rising water early that Friday morning when he saw a motorist

disappear beneath Highway 98.
Deputy Hollingsworth rushed toward the

motorist to provide aid without regard for his safety.
He and the

motorist were then swept into a flooded storm drain and traveled nearly

100 feet under the four-lane highway.
Despite this traumatic turn of

events, Deputy Hollingsworth emerged on the other side, spotted the

motorist, and continued to wade toward him to continue his rescue

attempt.
His courageous actions cannot be overstated.
I, along with the entire Northwest Florida community, thank Deputy

Hollingsworth for his devotion to duty and commitment to excellence.
His valiant actions exemplify the very best of Northwest Florida's law

enforcement.
I

am proud to have him serving in Florida's First Congressional District.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am

privileged to recognize Deputy William Hollingsworth for his unwavering

commitment to upholding the values of our local law enforcement

agencies.
I thank him for his service and offer my warmest regards and

best wishes to him and his family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SUPERINTENDENT CHRIS EVANS OF THE NATOMAS UNIFIED SCHOOL

DISTRICT BOARD OF TRUSTEES

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honor of

Superintendent Chris Evans of the Natomas Unified School District Board

of Trustees.
With over 30 years of dedication to academia and

consistent investment to close the achievement gap, Mr. Evans'

contribution to Sacramento is indelible.
Mr. Evans has been in public education since his graduation from

Sacramento State University in 1993.
He spent years as a social studies

teacher, coach, and an athletic director before his work in

administration.
As principal of Valley High School where he was

recognized as leading one of Newsweek's Best High Schools in America,

Mr. Evans soon became the Assistant Superintendent of the Fresno

Unified School District--the fourth largest district in California,

During Mr. Evans' twelve-year contribution with Natomas Unified

School District, he has transitioned students to virtual learning

during the COVID-19 pandemic and maneuvered a rising student population

of over 5000 since his initiation.
With IB programs available for

students in grades TK-12, Natomas Unified is mauiculating passionate

learners that are built for intercultural awareness and respect for

all.
I recognize Mr. Evans' commendable diligence through the expansion

of the Career Technical Programs, increasing high school graduation

rates, and student acceptances to Universjty of California schools and

California State University schools.
The Natomas Unified School

District has been integral for Mr. Evans' collaboration and

perseverance to growing independent learners and instilling a

comprehensive and engaging curriculum.
Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate the retirement of Chris Evans, for

enriching the Sacramento Area with academic success in the public

sector.
We wish Mr. Evans prosperity as a founder for Action-Oriented

Leaders and look forward to witnessing his future successes as a

torchbearer in the Sacramento Area.
I thank all those involved with

supporting our youth with the tools they deserve to thrive in life.
Mr.

Evans' investment in our community and public service is not unnoticed.