Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

National Guard Commanding General Residency Act, which would require

the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard to reside in D.C.

Last Congress, the House Committee on Oversight and Reform passed this

bill.
D.C. has no control over the D.C. National Guard.
Instead, the

president controls the D.C. National Guard, which many Americans first

learned either during the January 6, 2021, attack on the United States

Capitol, when the Trump administration delayed deploying the D.C.

National Guard to the Capitol for several hours, or during the June

2020 attack by federal law enforcement on largely peaceful protestors

outside the White House, in which the D.C. National Guard was used by

the Trump administration as part of the attack.
In contrast, governors

control their National Guards.
I have long introduced a bill, the D.C. National Guard Home Rule Act,

that would give the D.C. mayor control over the D.C. National Guard.
Last Congress, the House's fiscal year (FY) 2022 and FY 2023 National

Defense Authorization Act included the D.C. National Guard Home Rule

Act, but it was stripped out of the final versions of the FY 2022 and

FY 2023 NDAA because Republicans threatened to vote against the must-

pass NDAA if it included the D.C. National Guard Home Rule Act.
The Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard is the top official

in the D.C. National Guard, is appointed by the president and is a

federal employee.
There are residency requirements for government

officials in federal law, D.C. law and the laws of jurisdictions

throughout the country.
In fact, several states have laws that require

the top official in their National Guard to reside in their state, and

it is highly likely that every state and territory only appoints

residents as the top official in their National Guard.
The primary

reason residency requirements exist is so that government officials

have a connection to the residents they serve and in-depth knowledge of

the unique issues and challenges faced by residents.
Congress has justifiably required that certain federal officials

reside in the jurisdiction to which they are appointed, including U.S.

district court judges, U.S. Marshals and U.S. Attorneys.
Similarly,

Congress, which controls the local D.C. court system, has justifiably

required local D.C. judges and members of the D.C. Judicial Nomination

Commission and the D.C. Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure

to reside in D.C.

There is no reason that the Commanding General of the D.C. National

Guard, a federal entity that serves only D.C. residents and that has

both a military and law enforcement role, should not be required to

reside in D.C. A D.C. residency requirement for the Commanding General

of the D.C. National Guard will lead to a better relationship between

the D.C. National Guard and D.C. residents and is a matter of fairness

for D.C. residents.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, due to the State and Foreign

Operations Subcommittee on Appropriations Markup, I missed the vote on

the Motion to Recommit to H.R. 3564.
Roll Call No.
288.
Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
288.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEPUTY WILLIAM HOLLINGSWORTH

HON.
MATT GAETZ

Mr. GAETZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Deputy William

Hollingsworth for his selfless and heroic acts on Friday, June 16,

2023.
Deputy Hollingsworth was helping stranded drivers amid the

rapidly rising water early that Friday morning when he saw a motorist

disappear beneath Highway 98.
Deputy Hollingsworth rushed toward the

motorist to provide aid without regard for his safety.
He and the

motorist were then swept into a flooded storm drain and traveled nearly

100 feet under the four-lane highway.