Title: HONORING DR.
CHARLES CRUTCHFIELD III; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
115

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
CHARLES CRUTCHFIELD III

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a renowned

Minnesota doctor who was taken from us much too soon.
Dr. Charles

Crutchfield III was just 62 years old when he passed, following a 2\1/

2\ year battle with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
His death is a deep and

profound loss for his family, Minnesota's Black community, and our

entire State.
Charles was born in Minneapolis to a notable family of doctors.
He

attended Minnehaha Academy, graduated with honors in 1978, and attended

Carleton College where he studied biology.
He completed his medical

education at Mayo Medical School in Rochester, Minnesota, and his

dermatology residence at the University of Minnesota.
A board-certified dermatologist for over 20 years, Charles was the

first African-American dermatologist in Minnesota.
He was selected as

one of the top 10 dermatologists in the United States by Black

Enterprise magazine and recognized by Minnesota Medicine as one of the

100 Most Influential Healthcare leaders in Minnesota.
He founded his

own dermatology practice, Crutchfield Dermatology, in 2002.
He served

as President of the Minnesota Association of Black Physicians and was

the team dermatologist for Minnesota Twins, Minnesota Wild, and

Minnesota Vikings.
But his pioneering work didn't stop with his own

career, as he wrote regular articles for the Minnesota Spokesman-

Recorder focusing on health topics specifically pertinent to the Black

community and recruited other Black physicians to contribute their own

writing.
Dr. Crutchfield's work to advance medical knowledge continued as a

part-time teacher, holding positions of Clinical Professor of

Dermatology at the University of Minnesota Medical School and Benedict

Distinguished Visiting Professor of Biology at Carleton College.
Additionally, his Crutchfield Dermatology Foundation created a

lectureship focused on ethnic skin to educate medical residents about

treating skin of color.
Charles also mentored students of color to help

them gain admission to medical school and become doctors, with the goal

of increasing future diversity among medical providers.
Even from his

hospital bed, Charles continued to teach his Cutaneous Biology course

remotely.
During the COVID pandemic, Dr. Crutchfield used his ``Doctor's

Advice'' column and significant community standing to educate the

public about the disease, provide updates about the latest

developments, and fight fear and misinformation about masks, social

distancing and vaccinations.
Charles employed his gift for

communicating complex ideas in clear, concise language to save lives

during a time of great challenge for our country.
Charles had an impact on so many.
He fought to save lives during his

time on earth and will be greatly missed by his patients, friends, and

family.
Minnesota has lost a pioneering medical professional and a

dedicated family man.
A public Celebration of Life is currently being

planned for later this summer.
I extend my deepest condolences to

Charles' family and my gratitude for all he has done to make our

communities healthier.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD COMMANDING

GENERAL RESIDENCY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

National Guard Commanding General Residency Act, which would require

the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard to reside in D.C.

Last Congress, the House Committee on Oversight and Reform passed this

bill.
D.C. has no control over the D.C. National Guard.
Instead, the

president controls the D.C. National Guard, which many Americans first

learned either during the January 6, 2021, attack on the United States

Capitol, when the Trump administration delayed deploying the D.C.

National Guard to the Capitol for several hours, or during the June

2020 attack by federal law enforcement on largely peaceful protestors

outside the White House, in which the D.C. National Guard was used by

the Trump administration as part of the attack.