EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mr.

Charles Jameson of Culpeper County, Virginia--a veteran, educator,

historian, and lifelong servant to our community.
Although his education, military service and extensive career took

him all over, Mr. Jameson, has remained a lifelong resident of Culpeper

and still lives across the street from his childhood home.
He began his journey at George Washington Carver Regional High

School, where he and many other African American students from

Culpeper, Orange, Madison, and Rappahannock counties were educated

during segregation.
He went on to attend Virginia Union University before transferring to

Virginia Commonwealth University, where he earned his degree in 1970 in

pursuit of his lifelong dream of becoming a teacher.
However, before he

could begin his teaching career, Mr. Jameson was drafted into the U.S.

Army and deployed to Vietnam, where he served with honor and

distinction.
He received advanced artillery training and was awarded

for his courage and three Bronze Star Medals, a Purple Heart, and two

Army Commendation Medals.
Before returning home, he joined his father, Saint Jameson, in the

construction business.
When his father retired, Charles took over his

role, eventually rising to the position of Project Superintendent and

later construction manager.
After nearly four decades in the field, he

retired in 2010.
In retirement, Mr. Jameson redirected his time and energy into

meaningful community service, becoming a driving force behind numerous

local initiatives.
He worked closely with fellow Carver High School

alumni on scholarship programs, served on the boards of the Carver 4-

County Museum and the Museum of Culpeper History, and played an active

role in organizations such as the Carver Agriculture Research Board,

the Culpeper Minutemen, the National Association for the Advancement of

Colored People (NAACP), and the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW).
He also holds a leadership position in the local chapter of the Sons

of the American Revolution, where he helps organize Culpeper's annual

July 4th Patriotic Presentation--an event that honors the region's rich

historical legacy.
His extensive service and leadership have earned him

numerous accolades, including the Culpeper Colonel Award, the MLK

Dreamkeeper Award, Aging Together's 5 Over 50 Award, the NAACP Activism

Award, and the Neighborhood Watch Amazing Citizen Award.
I want to personally thank Mr. Jameson for his lifelong dedication to

service, education, and the preservation of our shared history.
Today,

he continues that legacy by focusing on his extensive research into

African American participation in the Revolutionary War.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in recognizing

an extraordinary citizen in my district, Mr. Charles Jameson, for his

unwavering commitment to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF FLAD

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th Anniversary of

Luso-American Development Foundation (FLAD).
The strengthening historic

alliance between Portugal and the United States led to the creation of

FLAD in 1985.
Its purpose at the time was to strengthen the

relationship between our two countries through cultural exchanges and

societal transatlantic relationships.
In 1983, the United States and Portugal formed a Cooperation and

Defense Agreement.
This agreement piloted the establishment of FLAD.
This year FLAD also celebrates its ninth edition of the FLAD

Legislators Dialogue, which brings together United States lawmakers of

Portuguese ancestry with Portuguese leaders in Lisbon to foster

powerful discussions on the strongest path forward to build relations

and strengthen our collective security.
FLAD supports the work of Portuguese and Portuguese American

students, researchers, scientists, and teachers at the forefront of

science, while also facilitating contacts and collaborations with

renowned U.S. institutions to build bridges between our two countries

and establish new partnerships and possibilities for all generations.