During their year abroad, students will foster meaningful

relationships between America and Germany, while giving participants

new perspectives on peoples and cultures beyond their own.
Many CBYX

alumni go on to distinguished careers in foreign affairs and public

service using the language skills gained through this scholarship

program.
This year, Avi will travel to Germany to attend school, live with a

host family, and collaborate with the Department of State to promote

cultural exchange between Americans and the German people.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Avi Bender for this impressive

accomplishment and wish Avi all the best for this upcoming year in

Germany.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HANNAH DAVIS

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join

me in congratulating Hannah Davis.
Hannah is a member of Girl Scouts of

Michigan Shore to Shore, Girl Scout Juliette.
She has exemplified

extraordinary leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a

demonstrated commitment to making a lasting, positive impact by earning

the most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing

to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities and the

world with measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1 to 2 years, Gold Award

Girl Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and

leadership, distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their

resourcefulness and perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to

truly make the world a better place.
Hannah's project, ``Community Sensory Room'', in partnership with

Faith Community Church of Coopersville, has greatly improved

accessibility resources for individuals with autism, Sensory Processing

Disorder (SPD), Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and

Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD).
Hannah took action by creating a

sensory room at her local church, allowing families and children space

to stimulate, engage, or relax senses, which will have a positive

impact on our community for years to come.
On behalf of Michigan's 3rd Congressional District, I congratulate

Hannah Davis for achieving the highest distinction in Girl Scouts, the

Gold Award.
I thank Hannah for her leadership and for making such a

positive, enduring change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KAPPA ALPHA ORDER'S 81ST CONVENTION

HON.
BEN CLINE

Mr. CLINE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 81st Convention

of the Kappa Alpha Order, which will be held in Roanoke, the heart of

Virginia's Sixth District.
It is a distinct honor to welcome this

historic brotherhood back to its roots.
Kappa Alpha Order was founded

on December 21, 1865, in a small room at Washington College, now

Washington and Lee University, in Lexington, Virginia.
What began as a bond of friendship has grown into a nationwide

organization that continues to promote leadership, service, and

moral integrity.
The Order's motto, ``Dieu et les Dames,'' meaning God

and the Ladies, reflects its core values.
For over 150 years, its

members have committed themselves to cultivating character and serving

their communities with distinction.
Today, KA's across the country continue to make a meaningful impact

through ongoing charitable work, campus leadership, and a lifelong

commitment to honor and duty.
The Order's presence in our local

community is a point of pride, and I applaud their continued

contributions to the betterment of our society.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
RAY FLETCHER

HON.
BRANDON GILL

Mr. GILL of Texas.