These claims are patently false.
Mayor Karen Bass of

Los Angeles implemented a multi-day curfew and surged law enforcement

resources to downtown Los Angeles to maintain control of the situation.
This kept the situation contained to 10 blocks of the downtown area.
But even when the Los Angeles Chief of Police stated that the

demonstrations ``were nowhere near a level'' where the National Guard

was needed, President Trump disregarded his opinion and took the

escalatory action of deploying 2,000 members of the California National

Guard to Los Angeles.
Then, on June 10, the President deployed 700

active-duty Marines.
Our active-duty military has absolutely no legal

role in domestic law enforcement.
Los Angeles County has 17,000 law

enforcement personnel who are well trained in crowd control.
There was

no need for the National Guard or the Marines to be deployed by the

President, and his decision sets a dangerous precedent for the future.
Republicans had the opportunity to bring a resolution introduced by

my colleague, Representative Barragan, condemning violence and bad

actors, and thanking local law enforcement for their work.
Instead,

Republicans chose to use the unrest in Los Angeles to play partisan

games and attack Democrats in California.
Mr. Speaker, it is our duty as public servants to tell the truth.
We

should all stand for condemning violence, de-escalation of force, and

the right to peacefully protest.
It is unfortunate that this resolution

walks away from these principles.
I cannot support it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHEYENNE PECKNE FOR HER ACTIONS IN SAVING A LIFE

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Cheyenne Peckne,

a 911 operator whose instructions helped coach a wife to give CPR to

her husband who had suffered a heart attack.
An often-overlooked role in the first responder community is that of

our 911 operators.
While not as visible as other first responders, they

are the first line of contact and convene the proper authorities during

an emergency.
They receive calls from distressed individuals and have

to act fast with limited information.
Cheyenne is an 18-year-old from York, PA, who started her role as a

911 operator only a few weeks ago.
On May 8, 2025, the Red Lion Area

Ambulance Association and Laurel Fire Company received a call for a

health emergency.
Cheyenne picked up the call, and on the other end, a

woman whose husband had suffered a cardiac arrest.
Over the next few minutes, Cheyenne comforted the women and assured

her that help was on the way.
Cheyenne then began to instruct the women

on how to give CPR to her husband.
This would continue until first

responders were able to reach the home and transport the man to the

hospital.
While this interaction only took a few minutes, it was

crucial to saving the man's life.
In a reception a few weeks after the incident, Cheyenne had the

opportunity to meet the family and be recognized for her actions.
She

stated, ``The wife did an amazing job. . .
she is the one who saved her

husband.''
I thank Cheyenne for her remarkable work and commitment to serving

the public in this role.
We can take comfort in knowing that she will

continue to help members of our community in times of crisis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
CHARLES JAMESON

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mr.

Charles Jameson of Culpeper County, Virginia--a veteran, educator,

historian, and lifelong servant to our community.
Although his education, military service and extensive career took

him all over, Mr. Jameson, has remained a lifelong resident of Culpeper

and still lives across the street from his childhood home.