This agreement piloted the establishment of FLAD.
This year FLAD also celebrates its ninth edition of the FLAD

Legislators Dialogue, which brings together United States lawmakers of

Portuguese ancestry with Portuguese leaders in Lisbon to foster

powerful discussions on the strongest path forward to build relations

and strengthen our collective security.
FLAD supports the work of Portuguese and Portuguese American

students, researchers, scientists, and teachers at the forefront of

science, while also facilitating contacts and collaborations with

renowned U.S. institutions to build bridges between our two countries

and establish new partnerships and possibilities for all generations.
FLAD's work also supports visiting professors at prestigious U.S.

universities, such as Fresno State University, Brown University,

Georgetown University, and University of Massachusetts Lowell to teach

Portuguese Studies with the hopes of increasing Portuguese speakers in

the United States.
FLAD has been highly successful in promoting

internships for American students and facilitating their participation

in programs in Portugal.
FLAD has been a principal supporter of Portuguese art and culture by

collaborating on numerous initiatives that preserve the presence of

Portuguese culture in the United States, allowing exchanges between

artists, intellectuals and researchers of the two countries.
FLAD's

contemporary art collection includes about 1000 works of art from

Portuguese artists.
FLAD has continuously partnered with the California Portuguese

American Coalition (CPAC) in supporting Portuguese advocacy within

California communities.
These local communities helped shape the

American culture and the economic growth throughout California's

Central Valley and nationwide.
Mr. Speaker, as proud descendants of Portuguese immigrants, with the

traditions and values from the Azores Islands never far from our

hearts, I ask that our colleagues join us in celebrating the 40th

anniversary of FLAD and recognizing the contributions of FLAD to U.S.-

Portugal relations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO AMEND THE NATIVE AMERICAN TOURISM AND

IMPROVING VISITOR EXPERIENCE NATIVE ACT

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. ED CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Native

American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience (NATIVE) Act

Amendments.
This bill is the House companion to S. 612, introduced by Senators

Lisa Murkowski, Chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, and

Brian Schatz, Vice Chairman of the Committee.
The bill makes important

technical corrections to the NATIVE Act to authorize grants to Indian

Tribes, Tribal organizations, Native Alaskans and Native Hawaiian

organizations for recreational travel and tourism activities.
In 2016, Congress enacted the NATIVE Act to provide grants, loans and

technical assistance to Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, Native

Alaskans and Native Hawaiian organizations to assist in developing

tourism in indigenous peoples' communities and enhancing opportunities

for visitors to learn about indigenous peoples' history, cultures,

traditional foods, languages and arts.
Unfortunately, the act did not

clearly authorize the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) or the Office of

Native Hawaiian Relations (ONHR) to issue the grants, which led to

implementation challenges.
Our bill corrects this issue by clearly authorizing the BIA and ONHR,

along with several other federal agencies, to issue these grants and

authorize appropriations for the program.
The bill will enable improved

access to federal resources, helping these communities build

sustainable tourism infrastructure and expand cultural tourism.
In

turn, it will create jobs and boost economic development in rural and

underserved areas.
This bill is especially important for my home state of Hawaii, where

the link between tourism and our indigenous people, Native Hawaiians,

is essential.
Native Hawaiian culture is at the heart of our islands'

uniqueness and one of the major draws for those who visit our state.
The past generations have witnessed a great renaissance of the

Hawaiian language and culture, and in turn over the ensuing years

Native Hawaiian practitioners and culture have become an increasingly

visible and central part of our visitor industry.
We in Hawaii are

committed to fostering this sector of our economy in a way that

encourages long-term cultural preservation efforts.