Native Hawaiian culture is at the heart of our islands'

uniqueness and one of the major draws for those who visit our state.
The past generations have witnessed a great renaissance of the

Hawaiian language and culture, and in turn over the ensuing years

Native Hawaiian practitioners and culture have become an increasingly

visible and central part of our visitor industry.
We in Hawaii are

committed to fostering this sector of our economy in a way that

encourages long-term cultural preservation efforts.
Through improving the implementation of the NATIVE Act, which has

helped both Native Hawaiian Organizations and local Native Hawaiian

businesses, our federal government will do a better job preserving and

promoting Native Hawaiian culture.
We can help connect tourists with

the rich indigenous heritage of Hawaii though community-based visitor

experiences that protect cultural sites, promote education and create

jobs.
By enacting the NATIVE Act Amendments, what we have achieved in

Hawaii can grow and be replicated nationwide.
I urge my colleagues to

join with us to support this critical initiative to empower native

communities, enhance the tourism sector and create lasting economic

opportunities.
Mahalo.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO BILL ESTEP

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise, today to pay tribute to

Kentucky journalist Bill Estep, who is retiring from the Lexington

Herald Leader after 40 years of dedicated news and investigative

reporting in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
As a resident of Somerset, Kentucky, Bill is one of my constituents,

giving him personal insight into the generational challenges that we

have faced in Kentucky's Appalachian region.
He has written about our

coal mines, our education system, historic flooding and tornado

disasters, while also holding elected leaders accountable in the

courtroom of public opinion, and never failing to keep facts at the

core of his journalistic integrity.
With the uprising of ``yellow

journalism'' in the form of social media's sensational opinions and

unchecked rumors, 24-hours a day, Bill has remained consistent in his

news coverage, keeping his pen steady, balanced, fair and accurate.
Over the last four decades, Bill and I have sat down together to talk

about every issue that impacts the people of southern and eastern

Kentucky.
We built a trusted relationship with the understanding that

we both had an important job to do, requiring tough questions and, at

times, tough answers.
In 2003, Bill embarked on an investigative series

called ``Prescription for Pain'' that would prove to have a monumental

impact on my public service.
The series exposed a rapidly growing

opioid epidemic more than 20 years ago that was spreading like wildfire

throughout our small communities, taking the lives of high school

beauty queens and local leaders alike, while revealing local corruption

and criminal drug trafficking in the depths of our mountain

communities.
His collective work inspired me to not only respond, but

to take action.
In the following weeks, I called together a group of

leaders from across our region to launch a non-profit organization

called Operation UNITE--Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment

and Education--the Nation's first multi-pronged approach to help save

lives and curb the drug crisis.
In 2012, Operation UNITE took its

mission to the national stage by establishing the National Rx and

Illicit Drug Summit, which has grown into the largest convention of its

kind with more than 3,000 annual attendees and highlighted by keynote

speakers from federal agencies across the country, including four U.S.

Presidents.
Bill's reporting inspired a life-saving movement in Eastern

Kentucky that is now impacting collaborative efforts nationwide--a feat

worthy of a Pulitzer Prize and more.
In 2013, when the downturn of the coal industry was exacerbated by

the Obama Administration's war on coal, we lost more than 12,000 coal

mining jobs in Eastern Kentucky alone.