Title: APPRECIATING WATCHMEN BROADCASTING; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
114

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING WATCHMEN BROADCASTING

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize

Watchmen Broadcasting on 30 years of ministry.
In 1995, Dorothy and Russell Spaulding felt a calling to begin a

Christian television station in Augusta, Georgia.
Now, 30 years later

they have transformed the ministry from broadcasting locally with 1,000

watts of power to internationally with 150,000 watts of power,

increasing potential viewership.
It is through faith that the Spaulding family and Watchmen

Broadcasting have helped tens of thousands of people reach Salvation

and have prevented more than 8,000 suicides.
Without the generosity of ministries like Perry Stone, Channel 55 in

Orlando, and local Networks, Watchmen Broadcasting would not be the

meaningful success it is today.
The Spauldings are a true testament to faith; starting with less than

one hundred dollars and a hotel room as an office, Dorothy and Russell

have touched the lives of many.
Their ministry continues to represent that God uses small beginnings

for big impact.
Best wishes and prayers for their continued success in faith and

ministry as they continue to influence lives and follow the plan God

has for them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DES PLAINES THEATRE

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

100th anniversary of the Des Plaines Theatre, a cherished landmark in

the heart of Illinois' arts community.
For a century, the Des Plaines

Theatre has brought people together through performance, film, and

culture, serving as a vital space for artistic expression and civic

engagement.
Since its opening on August 9, 1925, the theatre has hosted hundreds

of performances, welcomed countless community events, and stood as a

gathering place for generations of Illinoisans.
Over the years, it has

transformed from a vaudeville stage to a movie house and now a fully

restored performing arts center.
It has endured a fire, undergone

multiple renovations, and has emerged stronger each time, continuing to

inspire new audiences.
I am proud to congratulate the Des Plaines Theatre on its 100 years

of achievement.
Its legacy is a testament to the power of the arts to

unite communities, celebrate local history, and enrich lives.
I look

forward to its continued contributions for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONDEMNING THE VIOLENT JUNE 2025 RIOTS IN LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. Res.
516, the Condemning the violent June 2025 riots in Los Angeles,

California.
It is deeply unfortunate that instead of working with

Democrats on a bipartisan resolution to condemn violence, Republicans

have instead written a partisan resolution designed to attack elected

officials in California.
Furthermore, the resolution fails to recognize

the premature and escalatory deployment of the National Guard and

active-duty Marines by President Trump to Los Angeles.
When the House of Representatives passes a resolution regarding

current events, it should do its due diligence to cite the facts.
Unfortunately, it is clear the Republican majority had no interest in

accurately portraying the protests in Los Angeles when they wrote H.

Res.
516.
Instead, the resolution perpetuates a false narrative about

Democratic elected officials in California.
H. Res.
516 states that

local elected officials did not adequately respond to the bad actors

and trouble-doers.
These claims are patently false.
Mayor Karen Bass of

Los Angeles implemented a multi-day curfew and surged law enforcement

resources to downtown Los Angeles to maintain control of the situation.
This kept the situation contained to 10 blocks of the downtown area.