From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
RAY FLETCHER

HON.
BRANDON GILL

Mr. GILL of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend

Mr. Ray Fletcher of Cooke County, Texas, for a lifetime of devoted

service to our nation, The Great State of Texas, and his local

community.
Mr. Fletcher first answered the call to serve when he joined the

United States Air Force in 1981, where he trained and served as a

Nuclear Weapons Specialist.
Over the course of an honorable 22-year

military career, he rose to the rank of Senior Master Sergeant,

exemplifying leadership, integrity, and an unwavering commitment to the

security of our country.
He retired from active duty in 2003, but his

public service was far from over.
Immediately upon retirement, Mr. Fletcher began his second career in

direct service to the people of Cooke County as the Emergency Manager

and Fire Marshal.
In this role, which he held for an additional 22

years, he became a cornerstone of public safety and emergency

preparedness in North Texas.
Mr. Fletcher led Cooke County through

seven federally declared disasters, investigated over 400 fires, and

oversaw numerous other critical incidents that required his seasoned

judgment and calm leadership.
Among his many accomplishments, Mr.

Fletcher was instrumental in coordinating the Individual Safe Room

Grant Program, a vital initiative that led to the installation of 425

storm shelters across Cooke County.
His foresight and dedication

undoubtedly made Cooke County a safer place for all who call it home.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Ray Fletcher's contributions to his country and

community reflect the very best of American values.
I am proud to

represent such a distinguished citizen in the 26th Congressional

District of Texas.
On behalf of a grateful community, I thank him for

his selfless service and wish him continued happiness in his well-

earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SHERIFF'S OFFICE AND EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES OF CLAY

COUNTY

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sheriff's

Office and Emergency Medical Services of Clay County.
On September 27, 2024, Hurricane Helene slammed into Western North

Carolina, leaving a trail of devastation and destruction.
While Clay

County was largely spared from the storm's most severe effects, its

first responders did not return to business as usual the following day.
Instead, the Clay County Sheriff's Office and Emergency Medical

Services immediately sprang into action to assist counties in desperate

need.
This spirit of service is what makes Western North Carolina truly

special.
It is exemplified by neighbors showing up in times of crisis,

ready to lend a helping hand and stand together during the darkest of

days.
The Clay County Sheriff's Office deployed officers and resources

to Haywood, Buncombe, Avery, and Mitchell counties, providing critical

manpower and support to these Helene-affected areas.
At the same time,

Clay County Emergency Medical Services coordinated efforts to deliver

much-needed medical personnel and essential supplies to communities in

need.
The Clay County Sheriff's Office and Emergency Medical Services were

flooded with donated supplies from area churches, local businesses, and

citizens.
Once transported to the affected areas, these supplies were

received by first responders with great relief and deep appreciation.
Let it be recognized and remembered that, in a time of great need, Clay

County stood tall--not only for its own residents, but for its

neighbors across the region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING WILLIE J. WATKINS, I

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart, and fond

remembrance, that I rise today to honor an impressive insurance

professional, prodigious athlete, iconic golf promoter and friend of

long standing, Mr. Willie J. Watkins, I. Sadly, Willie transitioned

from labor to reward on June 21, 2025.