In 2012, Operation UNITE took its

mission to the national stage by establishing the National Rx and

Illicit Drug Summit, which has grown into the largest convention of its

kind with more than 3,000 annual attendees and highlighted by keynote

speakers from federal agencies across the country, including four U.S.

Presidents.
Bill's reporting inspired a life-saving movement in Eastern

Kentucky that is now impacting collaborative efforts nationwide--a feat

worthy of a Pulitzer Prize and more.
In 2013, when the downturn of the coal industry was exacerbated by

the Obama Administration's war on coal, we lost more than 12,000 coal

mining jobs in Eastern Kentucky alone.
Once again, turning to action

rather than words, former Governor Steve Beshear and I co-founded a

bipartisan initiative called SOAR--Shaping Our Appalachian Region--to

reimagine the future of southern and eastern Kentucky.
Since inception,

SOAR has focused on expanding access to high performance broadband,

more diversified industrial development, workforce training, innovative

tourism

projects, expanded health care opportunities and much more.
With the

formation of SOAR, Bill Estep showed up once again with his iconic

yellow notepad and a recorder to get the story right.
From day one, he

made sure there was an entire section in the Herald Leader featuring

the work of SOAR, and he has remained committed to following our

progress, our goals and our challenges.
Throughout his career, it has been clear when Bill used his opinion

in an effective way, advocating for a larger spread in the urban

Lexington-based statewide newspaper to help feature stories in Eastern

Kentucky that the rest of the state should care about.
I imagine that

he didn't win every battle with his editors over the years, but I know

that Bill believed in the value of southern and eastern Kentucky for

the rest of the Commonwealth.
He was bold to ask tough questions,

patient enough to listen to the response, and determined to conduct

necessary research before writing a story.
Upcoming and current

reporters should take notes from Bill, and proceed with unbiased

questions, an open mind, and a relentless dedication to facts over

opinions and click-bait.
Our rural Appalachian region has largely remained in the shadows of

Kentucky's bigger cities, playing the national media's role of the

impoverished, forgotten people who need a savior.
Thanks to courageous

journalists like Bill, we have had the opportunity to fight the

stereotypes and tell the real story taking place in Eastern Kentucky,

where resilient and innovative people are stepping up to shape a

brighter future for the next generation through aerospace, medical

science, engineering and much more.
As Bill begins a new chapter of

retirement to focus on his family's story and new traveling adventures,

I hope it is filled with great pride in the work he has accomplished

and the light of hope that he has helped shine on Eastern Kentucky.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AVI BENDER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Avi Bender of

Arvada, Colorado.
Avi was selected as one of 250 high school students

across the country to participate in the Department of State's

prestigious Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange (CBYX) Program.
Launched in 1983, CBYX selects high achieving youth from both Germany

and the United States to live in each other's country for one academic

year.
During their year abroad, students will foster meaningful

relationships between America and Germany, while giving participants

new perspectives on peoples and cultures beyond their own.
Many CBYX

alumni go on to distinguished careers in foreign affairs and public

service using the language skills gained through this scholarship

program.
This year, Avi will travel to Germany to attend school, live with a

host family, and collaborate with the Department of State to promote

cultural exchange between Americans and the German people.