SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart, and fond

remembrance, that I rise today to honor an impressive insurance

professional, prodigious athlete, iconic golf promoter and friend of

long standing, Mr. Willie J. Watkins, I. Sadly, Willie transitioned

from labor to reward on June 21, 2025.
A Homegoing Celebration will be

held at 11:00 am on Thursday,

July 3, 2025, at Macedonia Christian Ministries, 3645 Cusseta Road in

Columbus Georgia.
Willie James Watkins, I was born Feb 17, 1952, in Columbus, Georgia

to the late Jessie Watkins and Susie Grant Watkins.
One of seven

children, Willie grew up in the Booker T. Washington Apartments,

attended 2nd Avenue and 5th Avenue Elementary Schools, Marshall Junior

High School and graduated from the William H. Spencer High School in

1970.
He was affectionately known as ``Mr. Loquacious''.
Willie was a

staunch supporter of the William H. Spencer High School Alumni

Association and the Class of 1970 and never missed the activities

surrounding the Spencer-Carver sports rivalry events.
Throughout his elementary and secondary education, Willie excelled in

athletics.
He played baseball, basketball, and ran track for the

William H. Spencer Greenwaves.
At the age of 10, he started to caddy at

the Columbus Lions Club Golf Course on Victory Drive where he learned

to play and developed a life-long love of the game of golf.
Upon graduating from high school, Willie attended Morristown College

in Tennessee on a basketball scholarship.
He later served in the United

States Army and following his discharge returned home to Columbus and

entered the insurance profession as a salesman with Life of Georgia

Insurance Company and Interstate Insurance company.
He became a life

underwriter and instructor, teaching classes to prepare countless

insurance professionals for certification and licensure.
With his life-long friend from BTW Apartments, Jerome Humphries, golf

became a passion.
Watching legendary African-American golfers such as

Charlie Sifford, Jim Thorpe, Pete Brown, Jim Dent and Bobby Stroble, as

caddies on the segregated ``Chitlin'' golf circuit, they developed

skills and ultimately competed professionally on the all black North

American Golf Association Tour, traveling through Georgia, Alabama,

Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina.
They also competed locally

in the WOKS Pro-Am Golf Classic, the Purple and Gold Pro-Am Golf

Classic and the Victory Drive Golf Classic.
Moreover, Willie Watkins

and Jerome Humphries founded the Metro Columbus Golf Association in

1987 and promoted charity golf tournaments in support of sickle cell

and epilepsy research for the benefit of humanity.
While Willie was well-known for his loquacious personality and

sometimes boisterous demeanor, he was a man of deep faith and was an

active member of the Fourth Street Missionary Baptist Church from

childhood up through the remainder of his life.
On a personal note, Willie was my friend for over 30 years.
He was

invaluable in his support of the Annual Sanford Bishop Golf Classic for

27 years in both Albany and Columbus.
His extraordinary volunteer

service contributed mightily to its enduring success.
Often Willie and

Jerome Humphries traveled with me to play in numerous charity golf

tournaments.
It was my honor for him to join me in traveling to Augusta

National to witness the 2018 Master's which we enjoyed immensely.
I

will be forever grateful for his friendship and support.
Willie accomplished much in his life but none of it would have been

possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his late

wife, Patricia D. Watkins; his four children, Marcus Watkins, Willena

Watkins Singleton, Mactrice Watkins Thomas and Willie Watkins, Jr.; his

late siblings, Lily Watkins Hopson, Catherine Watkins Jackson, Frank

Watkins and Geneva Watkins Burns; his surviving siblings, Ann Watkins

Cobb and Jessie Watkins, Jr.; his 8 grandchildren, 2 great-

grandchildren; nieces, nephews, and extended family.
Willie loved his

family, and his family loved him back.