The Prime Minister says that he wants to smash the gangs; the only thing he has smashed is his own reputation.
What he has been agreeing is not going to do anything.
The cost of the Iraq agreement is half a million pounds.
That would not even buy a house in his constituency.
Many of the things that he is taking credit for are our agreements.
Let us talk about what he put in his manifesto.
The Prime Minister promised to end asylum hotels.
He promised, and he is Prime Minister now.
But in Altrincham and Peterborough, his Government are expanding the use of asylum hotels, because he unilaterally disarmed the deterrent.
In fact, a man who arrived by small boat told Sky News he was “happy” Labour was in power.
That man said the Conservatives “wanted to deport us” but Labour is “making the procedure easier for us”.
He is right, isn’t he?
The Leader of the Opposition should welcome the Iraq deal.
Anybody who wants to deal with this vile trade would have welcomed it.
She should also welcome the German deal that we did this week.
Many of the boats that are finding their way to the channel are coming through Germany.
That is well documented.
There has been a difficulty in taking enforcement action, which, if she spent more time researching that than her terrible jokes, she would know about.
We have signed an agreement to take enforcement action in Germany to stop those boats getting to the coast.
That is effective action.
She should welcome it; it is really good news.
All law enforcement thinks that it is a good thing.
Why does she think it is a bad thing?
Because the numbers are going up, under his watch.
The Prime Minister has consistently backed criminals over law-abiding British people.
He defended terrorists like Hizb ut-Tahrir in the European Court.
He argued that “all immigration law” had a “racist undercurrent”.
He voted against life sentences for people smugglers.
He voted against more than 100 measures to control migration.
He even said it was wrong when the Conservatives took away Shamima Begum’s citizenship.
Now he has appointed her defence lawyer as his Attorney General.
Events in Syria mean that we may see more small boat arrivals.
For once, will he take the side of the British people, and strip citizenship from jihadi terrorists and supporters of Assad who want to come back and destroy this country?
I was Director of Public Prosecutions for five years.
Unlike anyone on the Conservatives’ Benches, for five years, I was prosecuting hundreds of thousands of criminals.
That includes huge terrorist gangs and rapists.
For three of those five years, I was working with the then Home Secretary, Theresa May, who commended the work that I did at the end of those  five years.
The Leader of the Opposition stands there and says that I have not done anything in law enforcement; I dedicated five years of my life to law enforcement, and locking up criminals, which is more than she can say.
It would be easier to take the Opposition seriously if they actually got serious—not a sliver of remorse, not a hint of contrition.
It is like the arsonist complaining about the people who are trying to put the fire out.
All they do is come every week with more and more complaints.
Just wait till they get their hands on the people who created the mess that we are clearing up.
We are fixing the economy; we are ending their open borders policy; and we are taking down the waiting lists.
That is what people voted for; we are delivering it.
In the last couple of months since I spoke to the Prime Minister here about the need for social and industrial investment in Cornwall, we have had a fresh tranche of shared prosperity funding, a huge boost to international interest in our cleanest energy industries, and a road map to greater political autonomy that reflects Cornwall’s unique national identity.
Will the PM join his Minister on that visit in the spring to meet representatives of those industries at first hand, and spell out a road map for Cornwall, to help Britain become a clean energy superpower?