The Secretary of State was very pleased to chair the first meeting of the advisory group last week.
The group will work with us to inform the UK Government’s industrial strategy to ensure that we build on Wales’s proud industrial heritage and develop the jobs and industries of the future.
This is the first time that representatives from both Governments, from business, education and industry groups and from the unions have come together to shape cross-Government UK policy, proving the difference that two Governments working together for Wales can make.
There is no better way of strengthening the Union than improving the healthcare of people in Wales.
Somehow, at the general election, Labour managed to mislead the public in England into thinking that it could bring the change to the health service.
In truth, we need Welsh people to have a much improved health service, as the people of England have had under Conservative control.
[Interruption.]
Only the Labour Government could suggest that longer waiting lists in Wales and worse outcomes in Wales were somehow something to crow about.
They are not.
What will be done about it?
What do you make of that, Mr Speaker?
With the additional funding that we have provided for the Welsh Government, I can assure the  right hon.
Member that there will be proper investment in the Welsh health service, which did not happen for 14 years under the Tories.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in north Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet and Welsh Government colleagues on economic growth.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting Airbus in Broughton alongside the Prime Minister, and I addressed CBI Wales members alongside the First Minister.
Since coming into government, we have worked to drive over £1 billion in private investment from Eren Holding and Kellogg’s into north Wales, creating and sustaining over 400 jobs.
Cross-border co-operation and investment by north Wales and the Mersey Dee region of north-west England is essential to maximising growth on both sides of the border.
Key to achieving that will be improved railway connectivity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the cross-party, cross-nation Growth Track 360 group to explore how we can make that happen and help the economies on both sides of the border prosper?
I know the key role that good cross-border transport plays in strengthening economic and social ties across north Wales and the north-west of England.
I was pleased to join the Welsh Government Cabinet Secretary for Transport at Flint and Chester stations recently to announce a 40% increase in rail capacity, with 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend, representatives from the Mersey Dee region, and Growth Track 360.
Today, thousands of farmers have descended on this place in a further bid to get the Government to listen and to realise the consequences of their actions.
Is it not time to do the right thing by those who feed our nation and stop the family farm tax grab, which will see our farms decimated and our food security put in jeopardy?
That certainly will not help economic growth.
The UK Budget delivered £5 billion for farming over the next two years, and I was pleased that this Government were able to protect Welsh farm budgets for the next financial year.
Yesterday’s Welsh Budget allocation confirmed protection of the basic payment scheme funding for the next year, and provided additional revenue and capital funding to help the sector transition to the new sustainable farming scheme.
That has been welcomed by farming unions across Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve transport connectivity between Wales and the rest of the UK.
The Government are absolutely committed to working collaboratively with the Welsh Government to improve transport connectivity within Wales and with the rest of the UK.
We are already making progress.
Network Rail and Transport for Wales announced a joint programme, which, as the Secretary of State said, will see 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
I was delighted to see the tri-mode trains brought into service on the south Wales metro last month.
The lower Thames crossing is a vital link between our channel ports and Holyhead port.
I know Labour is against new road building in Wales, but a north Wales corridor connecting our ports would be a vital piece of transport infrastructure for our whole country.
Will the Minister lobby the Welsh Government on that, for Wales and for our entire United Kingdom?
I remind the right hon.
Member that Holyhead was recently given freeport tax status, and I assure him that the Welsh Government have not ruled out a third Northern Ireland crossing.
On our transport policy in Wales, casualties fell by a quarter on 20-mph and 30-mph roads last year.
Does the Minister agree that that will be of great comfort to schools like Osbaston in my constituency, and to parents like Rhiannon in Flintshire, who praised the scheme for helping to save her son’s life after he was hit by a car?
Indeed.
The Welsh Government have been clear that the priority objective of the 20-mph policy was to save lives and reduce casualties.
Recent collisions data provide an encouraging sign that the policy is moving in the right direction.
What recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on tackling violence against women and girls.
The Government hold regular discussions with the Welsh Government on tackling violence against women and girls to help drive forward the Government’s ambition to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
Most recently, on  13 November , the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , who has responsibility for safeguarding, met the Welsh Minister for Social Care and the Welsh Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice.
They discussed in detail measures to tackle violence against women and girls.
The safety of women and girls is as important in Newcastle-under-Lyme as it is up and down our United Kingdom.
The Welsh Government have had a violence against women and girls strategy since 2022.
Sadly, the previous UK Government did not have one for my constituents in England.
What lessons can the new Government learn from the Welsh Labour Government on keeping our women and girls safe?
As my hon.
Friend says, the Welsh Government’s violence against women and girls strategy has been pioneering delivery on that important issue for two years now.
The UK Government’s aim of halving violence against women and girls in a decade is ambitious, and learning lessons from the Welsh Government will help.
As part of their long-standing commitment to tackling violence against women and girls, South Wales police have introduced new measures, including the Cardiff safety buses, which have received national recognition for safeguarding more than 3,000 vulnerable people on the streets of Cardiff since September 2021.