The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment she has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Wales.
If I may, I first want to thank the workers and emergency responders across Wales for all their work over the weekend to protect people and property during Storm Darragh.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending condolences to the families of the two people who lost their lives.
The autumn Budget delivered for Wales for the first time in a generation, and the Welsh Government have received the largest settlement in real terms since devolution, at £21 billion.
That includes an additional £1.7 billion through the Barnett formula, providing a spending boost to public services such as the NHS.
I associate myself with the words of the Secretary of State about all those impacted by Storm Darragh and all those working hard to restore power.
The Welsh Government’s draft Budget yesterday noted that the UK Government will be providing additional support to mitigate the cost to public organisations of the additional employers’ national insurance contributions.
However, the details remain to be published.
Given that many of these organisations will soon be setting their own budgets, could the Secretary of State urge the Treasury to bring forward clarity urgently so that local authorities and public organisations in Wales can have the clarity they need to set their budgets?
The Welsh Government will receive additional funds to help with the cost of national insurance contributions, on top of that record Budget settlement of £21 billion—the biggest since the dawn of devolution.
However, that critical funding and all the investment announced in the Budget yesterday by the Welsh Government will only get to where it is needed if the hon.
Gentleman’s party colleagues in the Senedd vote for the Budget.
The Budget commitment of £80 million for the Tata transition board was indeed welcome, but Thrive, the domestic abuse organisation in Neath and Port Talbot, is concerned  that since the Tata announcement there has been a rise both in reported incidents of domestic violence and in demand for prevention services for perpetrators.
Can the Secretary of State provide assurances that the transition board will look at this as a priority funded project?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all her work to tackle domestic abuse.
She is such an effective advocate for the people she campaigns for.
I also want to thank Thrive for all the work that it does in Neath and Port Talbot.
I want to assure my hon.
Friend that one of the transition board’s aims is to support the wellbeing of workers and their families in our steel communities, and we are studying the data closely to target future releases of funding in the most effective way possible.