Tourism is vital to the Welsh economy.
However, Labour’s new tourism tax has merely created attraction closures and strikes, from the zoo in Ynys Môn to the cliff railway in Aberystwyth.
The Welsh Government proposal will put more jobs in jeopardy, leave hotel rooms empty  and simply send Welsh families across the border on to flights for their trips, treats and holidays.
Does the Secretary of State really agree with her colleagues in Cardiff Bay that the potential price of 700 tourism jobs and the loss of tourism to Wales, together with £40 million of revenue, is worth paying?
I am afraid I do not recognise any of those figures from the hon.
Lady.
As I say, in Manchester, a similar scheme has been introduced; it has been highly successful and has raised £2.8 million in just one year.
She should be more ambitious for Wales.
What steps she is taking with the Welsh Government to help reduce NHS waiting lists in Wales.
What assessment she has made with the Welsh Government of trends in levels of NHS waiting lists in Wales in the last 12 months.
Both the UK and Welsh Governments are seized of the need to drive down waiting lists.
The spending review provided the Welsh Government with an additional £1.7 billion for next year to invest in public services such as the NHS.
The Welsh Government recently announced an additional £50 million in this year to reduce the longest waiting times by increasing capacity for more people to be seen and treated.
The disastrous record that the Labour party has in healthcare in Wales over the past 25 years is cold comfort to residents in South West Hertfordshire if that is the template the party intends to use across the whole of the United Kingdom.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the key to reducing waiting lists in Wales and South West Hertfordshire is investing in our healthcare infrastructure and particularly new hospitals?
If I were the hon.
Gentleman, I would be a bit embarrassed about raising the subject of new hospitals given his Government’s record.
The Welsh Government have just had a £21 billion record settlement, £1.7 billion of Barnett consequentials and, with the Welsh Government’s Budget yesterday, £610 million for the NHS and social care to bring down waiting lists and increase capacity.
The Welsh Government are focusing on the priorities of the Welsh public.
The Labour party has been in charge in Wales for 25 years.
The percentage of patients in Wales waiting more than a year for treatment is 22.5%, compared with 4% in England.
Why, in 25 years of being in charge, have you not reformed the NHS in Wales and brought down waiting lists?
I am not sure
Mr Speaker is in charge of reforming the NHS in Wales.
I say to the hon.
Gentleman that under the previous Conservative Government, waiting lists increased by a larger percentage in England than they did in Wales.
As the Secretary of State has just said, it was under the last Prime Minister that waiting lists increased faster in England than in Wales.
Does the Secretary of State agree that recent Budget announcements by both the UK and Welsh Governments demonstrate that both Governments understand the importance of fixing our NHS and delivering for the people of the whole United Kingdom?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
As I say, there was a record settlement from Welsh Government yesterday, with £610 million announced to bring down waiting lists and increase capacity in the NHS and social care.
If the parties on the Opposition Benches want more money and more investment in the NHS, they need to tell their colleagues in the Senedd to vote for the Budget.
The Welsh Budget yesterday announced significant extra funding for the NHS in Wales.
I am surprised: why are the parties on the Opposition Benches voting against it?
I think their stance on the Welsh Government Budget says it all.
They are more bothered about scoring cheap political points than they are about delivering services and investment for Wales.