People clearly want to see practical changes on the ground, which is why the partnership working we have been taking forward—not just with France but with Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and other countries—is so important.
This has been about the prevention work along the French coast, and the work with the French authorities.
However, the reality is that we have to be taking action long before the boats, the engines, the people and the gangs reach the French coast in the first place.
That is the fundamental  difference between the approach we are now taking and the previous Government’s work.
It is about how we work with other European countries to tackle the gangs before they reach the French coast.
That is where we need much stronger partnerships, and that is where many of our efforts have been focused.
The applications of the 6,500 Syrian asylum seekers have already been mentioned, but when the Department looks at these claims, will the Home Secretary keep in mind that Syria’s new leader is a committed jihadist who has voiced support for the 9/11 attacks?
There are, therefore, very serious questions, particularly for women and minorities, and all paused asylum claims should be processed with that firmly in mind.
In a similar vein, although I fully support the increased efforts to shut down illegal and dangerous trafficking routes, it is important that we have safe asylum routes for those who are still at significant risk.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about the continuing instability.
There is a lot that we simply do not know about how events will play out in Syria.
Those who have taken over, and who were involved in the initial overthrow of the Assad regime, initially said they would pursue an approach supporting minorities within Syria, but the developments we have seen in recent days raise questions about that.
We have also seen huge instability, with various organisations and groups operating across the country.
That is why we need to monitor this closely.
I think everybody wants to see greater stability.
We have also seen the initial signs of people wanting to return from Turkey to Syria, for example, in the first few days, but the situation is very unstable, which is why we need to approach this with care and with detailed monitoring of what is happening.
The Conservatives should be absolutely ashamed of their asylum and immigration policy, of their inactivity and of the complete mess in which they left Britain and our borders.
[Interruption.]
The anger and frustration they are showing is shared by my constituents in Portsmouth North on the small boat arrivals—their frustration continues to fill my inboxes.
When the Home Secretary came to power, she promised a relentless focus on these boats.
We have already heard today about co-operation with other countries on raids, arrests, seizures and stronger enforcement.
Will she assure my constituents in Portsmouth North that this is not a gimmick and that the focus will continue through the winter?
My hon.
Friend is right that the only way to deal with this issue is not through gimmicks—we have seen those fail time and again—or through the kind of posturing that the Conservative party continues with.
It will be dealt with only through partnership, hard work and graft.
We have set up the Border Security Command, put in place new agreements with countries not only in Europe but beyond, such as Iraq, and strengthened our law enforcement capabilities—£150 million is going into the Border Security Command over the next two years.
We are also getting on with returns and enforcement, which  substantially increased this summer as a result of the actions we have taken to get them back on track after the system’s previous failings.
People are fed up with gimmicks, and we need to take a serious approach to get a grip on this issue.
The Home Secretary has not answered very many questions today, so can she answer this very clear question: which metric should we use, and by which date, to allow us to judge whether the Government have succeeded in smashing the gangs?
I think everyone will be clear that no one should be making these dangerous boat crossings that undermine our border security and put lives at risk.
We need to pursue the criminal gang networks that spread across Europe and beyond, which is why we welcome last week’s arrests in Germany as a result of the French-led operation supported by the National Crime Agency.
We will continue to support and accelerate this work so that we can take stronger action against the criminal gangs.
This week has seen the result of the Home Secretary’s work, which has led to the agreement with Germany.
It is hard work and grip that gets results.
It is incredible that, under German law, the stockpiling of the boats and engines used to cross the channel was not prohibited.
Can the Home Secretary assure us now that this agreement will lead to a path to closing this loophole and disrupting the work of the small boat gangs?
My hon.
Friend is right that this is a practical issue.
To disrupt the criminal gangs operating along the French coast, we need to disrupt their supply chains and to be able to go after them wherever they operate.
One of the most basic issues, on which the previous Government took no action at all, is the fact these flimsy and incredibly dangerous boats were being shipped across Europe, often being stored in German warehouses.
However, the legal framework in Germany made it very hard for the German police and prosecutors to take action against those smuggling gangs.
The basic thing we have done is to reach agreement with Germany that it will strengthen its law to make it clear that storing these boats facilitates dangerous and illegal boat crossings out of the EU and into the UK, which is a crime.
Strengthening the law in that way helps us to take action against the criminal gangs, but the previous Government just never chose to do it.
It required diplomacy, hard work and shared commitment, and that is what we have shown.
We all welcome the fall of Assad and look forward to him, and his accomplices, being dragged before the criminal courts to face justice for crimes against humanity.
However, the Home Secretary will know that the current situation in Syria is very complex, with a number of proscribed organisations involved.
We understand that the Government are considering de-listing some of these organisations.
At the same time, we are hearing that money being sent to Syria, to help and assist the Syrians, could fall into the hands of these proscribed organisations.
What action will the Home Secretary take to make sure that does not  happen?
As this is a moving situation, will she undertake to update the House on any moves to de-proscribe these organisations?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
As he will know, we do not routinely comment on either proscription or de-proscription, or on any of those processes, but I make it clear that proscription decisions are taken with care, based on evidence over time.
They are not rushed or based on inadequate evidence.
These are always important issues, but the most important thing is the safety and national security of the UK, and any decisions we take will always be taken in that light.