In the last few weeks of the last Government, we awarded millions of pounds to remote train stations such as Hedge End and Swanwick in my constituency under the Access for All scheme.
In the first two weeks of this Government, that was scrapped.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to give my constituents and stations across this country an early Christmas present, and give us our money back, please?
This is an important issue for the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
The problem is that the last Government made lots and lots of promises, but never set aside the money to pay for them.
That is why we picked up a £22 billion black hole.
They made promises on infected blood and on Horizon, but they did not put aside the money to pay for them.
We have had to inherit that and clean it up.
We will get on with delivery, but we have to balance the books and stabilise the economy first.
This past weekend, my market town of Kirkby Lonsdale suffered a devastating fire, resulting in the loss of a local man’s life.
The whole town centre was closed and many local businesses have been affected.
Sunday was meant to be a day of celebration, with Christmas markets, family games and community events.
Instead, the town faced a tragedy.
How can the Government support communities like Kirkby Lonsdale to rebuild and recover after tragedies such as this?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this awful situation.
We can only imagine the impact it must have had on the town and on the families and friends of the victims of this tragedy, and I commend the community, which has come together in an extraordinary way in the aftermath of this awful event.
I will ensure that she has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss how the Government can support her community at this vital time.
This week, I was contacted by my constituent, Sally, who is a GP.
She had called 999 on Monday to try to get an ambulance for a critically ill patient, but could not because all the ambulances were stuck outside Hereford A&E waiting to unload their patients.
At the same time,  we know that medically fit patients across the country are unable to be discharged because of the social care crisis.
What is the Prime Minister doing to fix social care and to fix patient flow through hospitals so that ambulances can get back to saving lives?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this case.
It is something that is all too common because of the fact that the last Government broke the NHS.
She will have seen the Lord Darzi  report that we published on the state of the NHS—[Interruption.]
No, Members opposite should be utterly ashamed of themselves for what they did to our NHS.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
That is why we have put a record amount—£25 billion—into the NHS in the Budget.
We have set out in our priorities what we need to do with the NHS, and we will work at pace and as we hard as we possibly can.
She is right to raise this matter.
The Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.