In the light of fast-moving events in the middle east, we also discussed the situation in Syria at the Calais group yesterday, and I will briefly address that issue first.
As the Foreign Secretary told the House, we welcome the fall of the Assad regime, but continue to closely monitor this fast-moving situation, where there is significant risk of instability.
Considering that, I have taken the decision to temporarily pause decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
All five Calais group countries have taken the same decision.
We will, of course, continue to keep all guidance relating to these asylum claims under constant review, and we will keep the House updated in the normal way.
Last week, I updated the House on the new agreement the Government have reached with the Iraqi Government and the Kurdistan regional authorities to tackle organised immigration crime.
This week, we have reached new strengthened agreements closer to home.
Smuggler and trafficking gangs have been allowed to get away with their vile trade in people for far too long.
Britain needs strong borders and a properly controlled and managed asylum and immigration system, but, for the past five years, we have had the opposite.
That is why we are prepared to do the hard graft to get the system back under control and tackle the gangs long before they reach our shores.
Immediately after the election, we began to strengthen our international collaboration to go after those criminal gangs, including by increasing the number of National Crime Agency officers in Europol, setting up the new Border Security Command and making the new agreement with the G7.
Already, that strengthened collaboration is delivering results.
In the last few weeks alone, we have seen the arrest of a major suspect in the supply of boats and engines to the channel, which involved co-operation between Belgium, the Netherlands and the UK.
A major operation last week against a Syrian and Iraqi Kurdish gang operating through Germany and France was led by French police, but was supported by intelligence from the NCA and involved 500 German police officers.
It delivered not just a series of arrests of suspected gang members, but the seizure of multiple boats and engines destined for the channel—boats that could have led to thousands of people making dangerous journeys.
Criminals need to know that there will be no hiding place.
The gangs who undermine our border security by facilitating small boats crossing the channel are also facilitating dangerous and illegal journeys into other European countries and committing wider crimes, including serious violence, exploitation, money laundering and drug trafficking.
These gangs operate across borders.
Therefore, we need law enforcement co-operation across borders to bring them down, and new systems to work  across different prosecutorial and legal systems.
We need to rebuild basic intelligence sharing and co-operation that was damaged under the last Government’s post-Brexit arrangements, and new expertise is needed to deal with evolving threats.
This week, I signed a landmark agreement with my German counterpart, Minister Nancy Faeser, to tackle irregular migration.
The new joint action plan is the first of its kind between the UK and Germany.
It includes much stronger operational co-operation, such as information and intelligence sharing, including very practical basic measures such as increasing the use of the SIENA—Secure Information Exchange Network Application—Europol system by the NCA to share information with German police to swiftly pursue investigations; stronger partnerships to deliver prosecutions; new work to take down social media content that is being used as advertising by organised smuggler gangs; joint working and co-ordination with transit and source countries; supporting each other on returns; and establishing the first German international liaison officer in the Border Security Command.
Importantly, the joint action plan means strengthening the law in Germany to tackle people smugglers.
We know that gangs are routing many supply chains through Germany, including using warehouses to store boats and engines that are destined for the channel.
Clarification of the law in Germany will mean that activities facilitating migrant smuggling to the UK in Germany will be a criminal offence.
This is a major change which will make it easier for German prosecutors to dismantle supply chains and prosecute the smugglers involved.
It means that in Germany and across Europe, we are sending a clear message to the smugglers: “Activity to smuggle people into the UK is a criminal offence and you will be prosecuted and brought to justice.”
Germany and the UK will also work together through Europol to investigate the end-to-end criminal activity of Kurdish gang networks that are operating in both our countries, in co-operation with the Iraqi Government and Kurdish authorities following the agreements I reached in Iraq.
The joint action plan embodies our shared determination to pursue organised immigration crime, but it also reflects the same determination and commitment shared across other near neighbours, embodied in our meeting with the Calais group in London yesterday.
I strongly welcome the new announcements from the French Interior Minister on increasing the police presence and enforcement along the French coast through the winter, alongside the appointment of a new coastal préfet.
The increased violence we have seen on the beaches towards French police is a total disgrace.
The Calais group also agreed a new plan to strengthen action across our five countries, including a range of actions backed by an end-to-end approach to tackling migrant smuggling networks, from the French coast through to source and transit countries, including Vietnam and central Africa.
This includes stronger enforcement capability through Europol, targeting the illicit finance model of migrant smuggling networks, taking down social media advertising, and co-ordinated preventive communications to deter people from paying gangs to arrange dangerous, irregular journeys.
We also discussed at the Calais group the major escalation of enforcement activity we are undertaking here in the UK.
Immigration and asylum rules need to be respected and enforced, and for too long they have not been.
Over the summer we moved 1,000 more staff into returns and enforcement activity, which has already led to nearly 10,000 returns since the election, with enforced returns up by 19% and voluntary returns by 14%.
Also during the summer, enforcement officers completed more than 3,000 visits to employers and more than 2,000 arrests, a substantial increase on the figures in the previous year.
We discussed the need to scale up all these operations drastically over the next 12 months, to ensure that words turn into decisive action against the gangs.
Yesterday, as part of these efforts, we published a mission statement for the Border Security Command, setting out the approach that we are adopting to increase enforcement capacity in the UK and Europe, drawing on the best intelligence and enforcement practice in the police, the National Crime Agency, Border Force and our intelligence agencies.
In the years before this Government came to office, criminal gangs were allowed to take hold all along our borders, establishing a criminal industry profiting from misery and exploitation and putting lives at risk.
The terrible consequences of this phenomenon have been clear for too many years: fatalities in the channel as people risk their lives making dangerous journeys, border security undermined and public trust in the immigration system eroded, while criminal gangs make millions in profits.
They cannot be allowed to get away with it.
In place of the failures of the past, this Government have a serious and sensible plan to strengthen our border security and fix our broken asylum system—a plan that is based on grip, not gimmicks, and on serious international partnership.
I commend this statement to the House.