Last week, my neighbours Omar and Delal Al Shaqaqi, who serve south Belfast as a doctor and a classroom assistant, received the news they have been dreading.
Delal’s mother and brother were among 23 Gazans killed in their tent by an Israeli airstrike in the so-called humanitarian zone of Al-Mawasi, and other family members are fighting for their lives in a barely functioning health system.
The crisis in Gaza is getting worse, not better.
None of us in this Chamber can end their nightmare, but we can do more.
The Government have rightly used every tool at their disposal—including sanctions on arms, trade and officials—against Putin’s Russia.
When will Israel be held to the same standards for genocide?
When will this Government confirm further sanctions, recognise the state of Palestine, and offer some hope to beleaguered Gazans and the many millions who are watching on in horror?
May I start by saying that I am sorry to hear of the dreadful loss of the families of the hon.
Member’s constituents?
There have been far too many examples like that.
I was pleased to see that there is now a ceasefire in Lebanon.
We desperately need that now in Gaza, which is something we have been pressing for, for some time.
There are intense talks going on to that end at the moment, as she knows.
That ceasefire would provide the space for the hostages to be allowed out.
They have been there for a very long time.
It would allow desperately needed aid to go in at speed and at scale, but it also opens the potential for the pathway to the two-state solution, which I believe is the only peaceful way to resolve this ongoing conflict.
My constituents in the east of Kirkintilloch are experiencing a housing emergency.
There are not enough houses for families or for those fleeing domestic abuse, and what houses there are are in drastic need of repair.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Scottish Government should prioritise repairing that housing emergency and funding local authorities to address this crisis of their own making?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that, because in Scotland house building has ground to a halt, homelessness is at record numbers and children in temporary accommodation are at record numbers.
This Budget was the biggest settlement for Scotland since devolution, so the Scottish Government have got the powers and they have got the money; what they have not got are any more excuses.
The people of Thornbury have been promised a new health facility for more than 20 years, but they have seen every proposal fall by the wayside.
That is why it was a great relief to residents when the Minister for Secondary Care) confirmed to me in writing that the funding to rebuild the centre would be made available.
However, we are still months away from seeing the final plans signed off, never mind having spades in the ground.
What reassurances can the Prime Minister therefore give me and my constituents that this is not just another hollow promise and that the proposals will be approved swiftly once they hit the Health Secretary’s desk?
What the hon.
Lady raises is obviously a cause of concern for her constituents.
We are determined to fix the broken NHS that we inherited from the Conservative party, and we have set out our targets in the “Plan for Change” last week.
As she knows, the Department of Health and Social Care, NHS England and the local care board are working together to deliver for patients in her constituency.
It is important, as she will appreciate, that we go through the proper business case as part of the rebuild, but I can make sure she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to be updated on behalf of her constituents.
Following years of real-terms cuts to its funding, St Catherine’s hospice, which serves my constituency, has recently made a number of redundancies.
Palliative care is hugely important to our communities, and I pay tribute to those who work in it.
Will the Prime Minister join  me in thanking St Catherine’s for its work and outline how the Government will look to support palliative care moving forward?
I join my hon.
Friend in that, and I recognise the vital role that hospices play in providing support to people at the end of their life.
I understand the challenges that they face.
Most hospices receive funding by providing NHS services, and funding will be set out in the usual way.
Mr Speaker, “losing a farm is not like losing any other business—it can’t come back.”
Those are the words of the Prime Minister, which he said to the National Farmers Union in order to get farmers’ votes.
Can he understand why farmers in Broadland and Fakenham and around the country now think that his Administration is duplicitous?
I think everybody welcomes the £5 billion over the next two years that we put in the Budget—[Interruption.]
Opposition Members shake their heads, but we have put in £350 million in the last week alone, compared with the £300 million underspend by the last Government.
As the hon.
Gentleman well knows, in an ordinary family case the threshold is £3 million, which means the vast majority of farmers will be unaffected.
Fourteen years of the Conservative party gutting local government has left councils having to make impossible choices.
My constituents were recently shocked when Cannock Chase district council proposed the closure of the Museum of Cannock Chase and the Prince of Wales theatre.
Will the Prime Minister ask the Culture Minister, my hon.
Friend the Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant), and his officials to please meet me to see what can be done to save our museum and theatre?
Opposition Members groan at the question.
The Leader of the Opposition said they were coming to terms with their failures.
Well, they are obviously struggling just a bit.
I understand that that will be a huge loss to my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Councils across the country were at the frontline of the last Government’s ruinous economic failure.
We announced £4 billion in additional funding for local government, a real-terms increase in core spending power, and will continue to do so.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
These last months have shown that cruel Westminster Governments of whichever party continue to target the weakest in society while the Scottish Government will continue to protect them.
While the Labour party has voted to continue the Conservatives’ two-child benefit cap, the SNP is abolishing it.
While the Prime Minister picks the pockets of pensioners of their winter fuel allowance, Scotland’s First Minister, John Swinney, has reinstated it.
Given that support for Labour is plummeting and support for Scottish independence is once again leading in the polls, who does the Prime Minister believe makes the best decisions for Scotland?
Those who were elected in the general election on  4 July .
They are sitting here on the Government Benches.
In  centuries past, the three rivers that converge in the centre of Carlisle made the city highly defendable against invading armies.
However, in 1985, 2005 and 2015 those same rivers overpowered the city, leaving thousands devastated by flooding.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give my constituents that the flood defences that the Conservatives promised but failed to deliver will be completed under this Government?
May I start by wishing my hon.
Friend a happy birthday?
She raises a really important matter for her constituents, who have faced appalling flooding too many times.
The last Government left our defences in a state of absolute disrepair.
We are investing £2.4 million this year, and the Environment Agency is currently studying options to improve protection in Carlisle.
I will make sure that she gets a meeting to discuss the specific options.
In recent weeks Sir Richard Dearlove, the former head of MI6, has warned that conflict between Russia and the west is no longer coming; it has already come.
With Russia poised to spend more than 6% of its GDP on its military next year, the time for reviews and road maps is over.
Will the Prime Minister recognise the urgency of the situation and commit to spending at least 2.5% of GDP on defence without further delay?
The hon.
Member is right about the importance of national security, particularly at the moment.
At the Budget we delivered a £2.9 billion increase in the Ministry of Defence budget.
We are pleased to deliver the largest pay rise for our armed forces in 22 years, and we will set out the path to 2.5% in due course.
That target, of course, was last met under the last Labour Government; it was not met once in the 14 years that the Conservatives were in power.
In October 2023, my constituent Mark Somerville received the shattering news that, at 43, he had motor neurone disease.
He has since set up the Mark Somerville Foundation and is doing incredible work to raise awareness of the condition.
Mark is in the Gallery today and will later speak to MPs about living with MND.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend join me in recognising the work of Mark and his foundation and commit the Government to doing all they possibly can to support efforts to find a cure for this devastating disease?