Residents in rural Powys are suffering as a consequence of delays to ambulances turning up, or, in some cases, of those ambulances not turning up at all.
In one recent example, the family of a stroke victim in my constituency had to drive their paralysed and vomiting mother in a car to a hospital in Hereford, after being told that there would be a four to seven-hour wait for an ambulance, and that was after they had already been  waiting two hours for an ambulance to arrive.
Shockingly, that is not an isolated case; it is an experience to which many people across rural Wales can relate.
Will the Secretary of State tell me what action she is taking to reassure my constituents that an ambulance will turn up in their hour of need?
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Yesterday, the Welsh Government announced £610 million additional funding for the Welsh NHS and for social care.
I hope that his colleagues in the Senedd will vote for the Welsh Government Budget so that we can see that investment go into the NHS to deliver the improvements in waiting times that we all want to see.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
We are working in close partnership with the Welsh Government to grow our economy and unleash Wales’s potential.
This has already delivered tangible results, including securing more than £1 billion investment and hundreds of jobs for north Wales, a better deal for steelworkers at Port Talbot, and a record budget settlement for the Welsh Government to spend on public services, including providing funding to keep coal tips safe, which the previous Government did not do.
I was pleased to hear the Secretary of State announce the Welsh economic growth advisory group.
Will she explain how the resetting of relationships between the Welsh and UK Governments is strengthening Wales’s position in the UK industrial strategy, and also improving access to vital services and relationships over the border in the Forest of Dean?