The Prime Minister talks about open borders, but he was the one campaigning for free movement.
I was, in this House, asking for a lift in skilled migration; he was supporting all the people who should not have been in this country.
He wanted us to relax immigration, but as he is so keen to talk about the past, let us look at his record.
Four years ago, the Prime Minister signed a letter demanding that foreign criminals be allowed to stay in Britain.
Dozens of Labour and Liberal Democrat MPs repeatedly signed these letters, insisting that rapists and murderers be allowed to stay here.
One of those criminals, Ernesto Elliott, had 17 convictions, including for knife crime.
After his deportation was blocked, Elliott went on to murder someone.
He was able to stay here and murder because people like this man campaigned against deporting criminals.
Will he apologise for signing these letters?
First, I remind the Leader of the Opposition that the number of migrants coming to this country under her Government’s watch—nearly 1 million—was over four times the number who did so when we were in the EU.
They lost control of the borders, and the particular example she puts to me is an example of failure, under her Government, to take the necessary measures to keep our country safe.
That is a ludicrous assertion.
The Prime Minister is the one who was repeatedly signing those letters.
He even asked us to pause all deportations.
He does not want to talk about his past, but that letter is just the tip of the iceberg; there is more.
The Prime Minister actually complained that the immigration system was working to “deter migrants rather than provide support.”
He said that he was “proud to have served as Jeremy’s Shadow Immigration Minister”.
He boasted that he “took the last Labour Government to court for cutting benefits for asylum seekers”, and said that he would never take “a target-based approach to immigration.”
If he wants to talk about immigration, let us talk about his record; we can talk about it all day.
The Prime Minister says that he wants to talk about immigration.
I have committed to a cap on migration—why won’t he?
The Leader of the Opposition talks about my record.
For five years, I was the chief prosecutor, prosecuting people who went to prison, many of whom were then deported.
While she was talking, I was actually doing the hard yards, convicting those who should be in prison.
She presided over record numbers of asylum seekers in this country—a record number of lawful and irregular migrants—in 14 years in which her Government lost control of the borders.
They set a cap for each of those 14 years, but it was not hard, it did not stop people coming, and they got a record number.
They should apologise for what they have done with their open borders policy.