We welcome the Government’s attempts to tackle people smuggling gangs, who send vulnerable people on perilous journeys across the channel.
We also appreciate their working closely with our European neighbours on this issue, instead of blaming them, as the previous Conservative Government did all too often.
Does the Home Secretary agree that in addition to bilateral agreements with states and the Calais group, such as the one she signed yesterday, we need to work even more closely with inter-state agencies such as Europol, which she mentioned, and Eurojust to restore the UK police’s real-time access to the EU-wide data sharing systems that lead to the identifying and arrest of criminals?
Shamefully, that co-operation and access was lost under the Conservatives.
We should not forget how we ended up in this mess.
The asylum backlog ballooned thanks to the last Conservative Government, and thousands of people are currently waiting for their claims to be processed.
Can the Home Secretary update the House on what progress she and colleagues are making in tackling the backlog?
Will she commit to establishing a dedicated unit to improve the speed and quality of asylum decision making, and introduce a service standard of three months for all but the most complex asylum claims to be processed?
Many of the people we are talking about are incredibly vulnerable; they are fleeing war, persecution and famine.
Does the Home Secretary agree that we have to tackle this problem at source, and what conversations  has she had with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office about boosting international development spending and co-operation to tackle the root causes of the numerous refugee crises?
The hon.
Member raised asylum claims from Syria.
This is something we discussed in the Calais group, and all five countries are taking the same approach of recognising that we cannot currently take decisions.
We clearly want to be able to do so as swiftly as possible, but we need to monitor the situation in Syria in the meantime.
The hon.
Member raised the importance of other partnership working, including with Europol and Eurojust, and I agree with her on the importance of that.
One of the things we agreed, first with Germany and then as part of the Calais group discussions at which Europol was also present, is that we were keen either to establish a new Europol taskforce or to expand one of the existing taskforces to look at the end-to-end smuggler route and its supply chains, and particularly to work with the Kurdish authorities and the Iraqi Government on the end-to-end route involving the Iraqi Kurdish criminal smuggler gangs.
All those involved, including the Iraqi Government, are keen to work with us on that, but we need that Europol taskforce in place in order to be able to do that.
On asylum decision making, we are increasing the caseworkers in post and we have substantially increased the pace of decisions.
Decision making had plummeted by about 70% just before the election, but we now have the extra caseworkers in place and we have got decisions back up to where they were.
That allows us to clear the backlog on initial decisions.
Finally, I agree with the hon.
Member that we need to continue to work on the source issues, and we are working closely with the Foreign Office on that.
I spent 15 years working on migration before I came into this House, including three years as the home affairs attaché in Paris, where I saw at first hand how the kind of instruments and data sharing the Home Secretary is describing can make a concrete difference in the fight against immigration crime.
I also saw that, as the previous Government pulled the UK out of these instruments, it made our job as officials harder.
I could not welcome the Home Secretary’s statement more.
Immigration is an international phenomenon and, by definition, tackling immigration crime requires international co-operation.
Can she tell us a bit more about the steps she has taken to build the relationships with these key European allies?
Will she also commit to keeping her foot to the floor on this issue?
In my experience, these relationships can so easily be cut, and but to bear fruit they take time and political will.
My hon.
Friend has considerable experience in these issues, and I thank him for all his work on this.
He is right to say that, with something as basic as the right kind of information and intelligence sharing, if the systems are removed and no new systems are put in place, basic operational actions simply do not happen, whether they involve going after the criminal gangs or preventing dangerous boat crossings and criminal activities.
This is as basic as making sure that we now have much stronger systems, including using the Europol  secure information exchange network application—SIENA—system, so that when the German police get information from the National Crime Agency, it is in a form that they can swiftly use to pursue investigations and prosecutions.
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have to make sure that the detail works, which has often not been taken seriously for far too long.