Last month, I visited Newcastle-under-Lyme with local campaigner Adam Jogee to meet residents who are literally choking on toxic fumes from the Walleys Quarry landfill site.
More than 10,000 residents have complained about the stench, and a five-year-old child ended up in hospital.
Will the Secretary of State publish all correspondence between DEFRA, the Environment Agency and the operator, so that residents in Newcastle-under-Lyme can see why the site has not been closed down?
No one could have done more to highlight the issue than the constituency MP.
Indeed, the Minister with responsibility for water has already been to Walleys Quarry to look at first hand.
Having spoken directly to the chief executive of the Environment  Agency, I know that everything that can be done within the law is being done.
That is the assurance that the Minister and I have had from the chief exec of the Environment Agency.
Indeed, enforcement action was taken recently at that specific site.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group on fisheries.
I welcome the limited help that the Department is giving to a few pollack-catching hand-liners, but it will not help the vast majority of fishermen in my constituency who rely on that stock.
Will the Minister speak to the Treasury to see whether there is any way to look at compensation for those boats, or at least at decommissioning help?
The Government recognise the huge challenge faced by pollack fishers.
We are trying to offer funding to help those most affected.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s campaign and that of my hon.
Friends the Members for Truro and Falmouth (Cherilyn Mackrory) and for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double) in raising the issues.
We are helping those fishermen through the fisheries and seafood scheme, as well as with a new scientific study, but the Secretary of State and I are personally looking at what other options may be available to help and support.
I know that my hon.
Friend  the Member for South East Cornwall (Mrs Murray)  will continue her pursuit of this issue and support for her constituents.
The public have the right to access just 8% of land in England, including thousands of access islands that can only be reached by trespassing.
With polling now showing that 62% of the public support the extension of the right to roam through England, are the Government now prepared to commit to overhauling our outdated system of access rights and to follow Scotland in enshrining the right to roam in law?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question merely highlights a fundamental difference between the Front Benchers of the two parties: I want to work with farmers, which is why through SFI—the sustainable farming incentive—we are looking at permissive access, where we pay incentives to farmers to provide access to their land; but Labour would impose a top-down requirement with the right to roam, rather than work constructively with our farmers and landowners, which is the approach that the Conservatives are taking.
Lowestoft is the largest town in the UK without formal flood defences, with the tidal barrier project on hold due to cost increases.
I am most grateful to Ministers for considering the compelling case to fill the funding gap that would enable a scheme to proceed that will protect property and unleash the provision of new homes and business opportunities.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that he will leave no stone unturned in working across Government so that the project can restart ?
I pay tribute to the amazing campaign led by my hon.
Friend on behalf of those in his constituency.
Already, £80 million of support has been secured from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs  for that scheme.
He will be aware that the local authority has changed the scope and driven the cost, so there is a question as to what contributions are made by partners, but he is a formidable champion of the scheme and £80 million has already been allocated.
Hedge-rows provide a crucial habitat for nearly 130 priority species, including some red-list birds, and they are a carbon store.
When cross-compliance ended on 1 January this year, long-standing legal protections for agricultural hedgerows ceased to apply, ending the 2 metre buffer strip and the no-cutting period.
The Government committed to reinstating important protections, so will Ministers explain when the Government will lay legislation to close gaps in hedgerow protection urgently, in particular as bird-nesting season is under way?
The hon.
Lady is slightly behind the times.
We have committed to protecting our hedgerows in law in England.
We carried out a consultation, and this measure was extremely popular with our farmers, because we know how much they value hedgerows.
They will be protected with those regulations, including the 2 metre buffer strip from the centre of the hedge, and all the rules and regulations on what can and cannot be done, and the cutting ban.
We are fully behind that.
We are working on the fight to protect nature, and that will be part of getting to our nature target.