The Secretary of State is bringing forward a system of extended producer responsibility to obligate brand owners, including food suppliers, to bear the cost of recycling the packaging that they place on the market.
However, in some estimates, the cost to obligated businesses will be 10 times higher than under the current packaging waste recycling note system.
Given that the cost will need to be passed to consumers, does the Minister share the concern that it will contribute to food price inflation?
It was good to meet my hon.
Friend just this week to discuss that issue.
I encourage all those in the packaging sector, and those involved in the industry, to keep feeding information to my officials.
We are reviewing EPR at the moment—we have a dedicated roll-out plan for it—but we are very keen to hear from the industry.
The Government promised to ban plastic in wet wipes nearly a year ago, on  3 April  last year, but there is still no ban in place.
Will the Minister protect nature by banning plastic in wet wipes now?
I am extremely keen to get the ban on wet wipes delivered.
Has the hon.
Lady spoken to her colleagues in the Welsh Labour Government?
As she knows, these things need to go through with agreement from the devolved Administrations.
I can assure her that I am pressing very hard on that, and hope to have something to announce very soon.
[Interruption.]
I will take the chuntering from the Labour Front Benchers into those discussions.
Ministers are already aware of the success of my quarterly water summits, which have caused Anglian Water to beat the Government target for reducing storm overflows by five years and to pilot all-year-round testing of our bathing waters.
However, one agency consistency failed to attend: the Environment Agency.
Will the Minister come to the next summit and bring the Environment Agency with him?
There is no doughtier champion than my hon.
Friend, who has been lobbying me on this issue.
I am happy to commit to the Environment Agency attending her next summit, and I will also attend in person.
British farmers produce some of the very best produce in the world, but the trend in supermarkets selling it is going in the wrong direction.
Will the Minister support Liberal Democrat proposals to invest an additional £1 billion in British farming, and reform environmental land management schemes so that they genuinely incentivise sustainable farming?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that British farmers produce among the best food in the world, but I do not agree that the trend is deteriorating—quite the opposite.
We have the Buy British campaign, which a number of supermarkets have already signed up to; the public sector review—the Quince review—is under way; and we are looking at labelling, and how we better empower consumers to buy food with good animal welfare standards.
There is a lot of progress, and it reflects the great standards we have for British food.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on the responses to the consultation on the 27 bids for bathing water status—one of which, of course, is for the River Nidd and the lido in Knaresborough?
My officials have been inundated with a huge number of responses to the consultations on the 27 bathing water sites.
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for the River Nidd; I cannot say anything at the moment, but he will not have to wait too long before hearing the outcome.
Lidl has become the first supermarket to roll out a deposit return scheme across the whole city of Glasgow.
Will  the Secretary of State commend Lidl on doing what he blocked the Scottish Government from rolling out across Scotland?
I always commend supermarkets that are being innovative, but part of the problem with the initiative in Scotland was the amount of push-back from industry.
That is why the Scottish Government pulled it.
Extended producer responsibility will add financial burdens to amazing food producers, such as Wilkin & Sons in Tiptree in my constituency, so can the Secretary of State say what he is doing to keep financial costs down and reduce red tape for great British food manufacturers?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, we are kindred spirits in trying to keep the amount of red tape and regulation down.
Indeed, on a visit to Tiptree just a couple of weeks ago, I looked at methods of automation that bring the cost of food production down.
My right hon.
Friend will have heard the comment from the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , who has responsibility for water: a consultation on these issues is live, and as a formidable constituency champion, I know that my right hon.
Friend will ensure that any concerns about costs are raised in that consultation.
The Attorney General was asked— What discussions she had with her Israeli and Palestinian counterparts on compliance with international humanitarian law during her visit to the middle east in February 2024.
What discussions she had with her Israeli and Palestinian counterparts on compliance with international humanitarian law during her visit to the middle east in February 2024.
What discussions she had with her Israeli and Palestinian counterparts on compliance with international humanitarian law during her visit to the middle west in February 2024.
What discussions she had with her Israeli and Palestinian counterparts on compliance with international humanitarian law during her visit to the middle east in February 2024.
What discussions she had with her Israeli and Palestinian counterparts on compliance with international humanitarian law during her visit to the middle east in February 2024.
I visited Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories between 14 and  16 February .
In Israel, I met Israel’s Attorney  General, lawyers for the Israel Defence Forces, and the president of the Supreme Court.
In the west bank, I met the Palestinian Attorney General and the Prime Minister.
History will not judge kindly when asked whether we did everything we could to prevent possible genocide in Gaza, given the scale of suffering brought about by weapons, disease, hunger, and in the light of the International Court of Justice’s interim order on restraint.
When the Attorney General met the officials that she referred to, did she clarify that under the genocide convention, the ICJ order must be adhered to fully, and did she give any indication that the UK will cease participating in arms sales to Israel until that happens?
I know that the hon.
Lady cares very deeply about this region—she and I have visited it together.
I reassure her that my discussions with those I met, both in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, were very frank, and I am confident that our messages were delivered clearly.
I made clear the importance of international humanitarian law being respected, civilians being protected, and compliance with the Geneva conventions when it comes to detainees.