The Food and Drink Federation has warned the UK Government that their plan to require all meat and dairy sold in the UK to have “Not for EU” labelling attacked will divert “hundreds of millions of pounds” of investment away from the UK, and that several international investors have paused their plans to invest in UK food and drink.
As we continue to circle the drain of Tory-imposed recession, will the Secretary of State tell the House and the public if driving investment away from this vital sector will help or hinder attempts to avoid yet greater recessions?
Of course we will work with industry on any changes, but the SNP needs to be consistent, because we have other proposals, such as the review of public sector procurement being carried out by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  and fairer labelling.
For example, pigs reared overseas are often marketed as British bacon, and our labelling changes often have widespread support from the farming sector.
It is important that we do these changes with the industry, which is why we have allocated £50 million of transitional support.
What steps he is taking to support farmers.
British farmers put food on our tables and form the backbone of the rural economy, and this Government will always back our farmers.
That is why in January we increased the rates paid through the environmental land management actions by an average of 10% and increased the number of choices through the 50 new actions for farmers.
One concern that farmers have raised about the sustainable farming incentive is that they have to pay money up front before they can receive compensation or reclaim that money from the Government.
A farmer in my constituency installed a stone track to prevent soil from washing on to the road.
He committed to the Bacs payment before he received the money from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but because it left his account three days later, he now has to pay his DEFRA money back.
This is an insane situation and he cannot afford this.
He is going to have  to take this track up and sell the stone.
Will the Secretary of State help me with this case, so that we get those environmental protection schemes in place and do not penalise people for timing differences?
First, I am happy to look at any individual case the hon.
Lady raises.
Secondly, I agree with her on the wider point.
I have been very clear with the Rural Payments Agency that we need a more trusting relationship about payments.
We need to accelerate those payments, so they are paid more quickly.
To be fair to the RPA, there are sometimes constraints because of National Audit Office rules around the error rate checks it needs.
We are working with the RPA to shift the relationship to one built more on trust, where payments go out in a more expedited fashion.
Fishermen are the farmers of the sea.
What further steps is the Secretary of State taking to support the aquaculture industry, especially helping it to create new businesses across our coastal communities?
My hon.
Friend knows from our regular conversations just how engaged I am on this subject.
He met with the Minister for Water and Rural Growth yesterday.
As he knows, there is a consultation about medical exemptions for boats under 10 metres.
I know the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is looking closely at the issues around pollack.
I am happy to update my hon.
Friend on a series of other initiatives as we work through them.
Has the Secretary of State actually talked to the National Farmers Union recently?
Has he even talked to the celebrity farmer on television who we all know about?
What is the plan?
Farmers are in a period of stasis.
They do not know where they are going or how they are going to face the future, because there is no plan under this incompetent Administration.
Not only have I spoken to the new president of the NFU—he has been in my office already—but I have been on his farm to discuss these matters.
I have also been his deputy’s farm.
In fact, on being appointed Secretary of State, the first meeting I had was with the former NFU president and the first meeting in my office, within a week, was with the then president of the NFU, so I regularly engage with colleagues in the NFU.
Just this week I had a meeting with the NFU county president for Cambridgeshire.
However, I am surpassed in that engagement by the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, who has discussions with the NFU even more frequently.
On a recent visit to Church Farm in Weston Turville in my constituency, the family who have farmed there for generations stressed how important it is for them to be able to diversify their income, for example with their very popular farm shop, which sells their produce and that of nearby farmers.
However, current planning rules limit the shop to opening on 28 days a year.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on his conversations with the Department for  Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and across Government about making it easier for farmers to diversify their income, so that we can assure the food security that is so vital to our nation?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
My focus, and that of the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, is first and foremost on ensuring food production and food security is viable for our farmers, but diversification is also important.
I am in advanced discussions with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on extending permitted development rights.
To go back to the question raised by  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) , a certain very famous farmer has raised his frustrations in Oxfordshire.
I want to streamline permitted developments to make it easier for farmers to diversify, but first and foremost farmers want to produce food, which is my key focus.