What recent assessment he has made of UK food security.
Food security is a top priority for the Government and we are committed to continuing to grow 60% of our food here in the UK.
To back up those plans, we are introducing an annual food security index and we are currently developing the content of that index.
We want to strike the right balance between food production and the natural environment, which is why all the actions in the sustainable farming incentive work to support food production and the environment.
Does the Minister share my concerns that a perfect storm may be brewing?
With grain prices on the floor, a third of the wheat crop either not being drilled or flooded out, and rape being increasingly difficult to establish, some of the long-term, multi-annual stewardship options are becoming increasingly attractive.
And that is not to mention those idiots in Wales taking 20% of land out of production.
Does he share my concerns?
That is something we consistently and constantly review to make sure that we are striking that right balance between food production and the environment.
We will continue to do that to make sure that we do not see such perverse incentives.
Certainly, given the challenge of the weather this season and the difficulties with planting cereal crops, we will continue to look at whether that balance is right.
What I do not want is people abusing the system and putting in too much wild bird mix or pollinator mix; we will continue to review whether that is having an impact on the market.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Can the Minister explain how his Department’s policy of taking good agricultural land out of food production is compatible with improving UK food security?
I can.
The sustainable farming incentive motivates farmers to improve their soil quality, which is good for the production of food, and incentivises farmers to look after pollinators, which is good for the pollination of crops.
The environment and food production are two sides of the same coin.
We, as farmers, want to encourage farmers to look after the environment, so that we can continue to produce top-quality food on highly productive land.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on food prices in the UK.
If the hon.
Member is concerned about food prices, I urge him to consider the impact of the Scottish Government’s decision to crack down on meal deals and supermarket promotions, which will mean that Scottish customers pay more than English ones for the same products.
That has nothing to do with the question on the Order Paper.
The London School of Economics found that Brexit has added £250 to the average household bill.
The healthcare certificates that are now required will add even more.
Is the reality not that the cost of living crisis is a cost of Westminster crisis, fuelled by Brexit?
The hon.
Member seems to imply that food inflation has been unique to the UK.
Actually, we have seen more severe consequences on the continent.
It is right to draw the House’s attention to the decisions that the SNP Government are taking, which have an impact on increasing food prices.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since last updating the House, we have continued to bring forward measures to place greater prioritisation on food production and food security.
That includes delivering a key National Farmers Union  ask for a food security index, committing to the Farm to Fork summit as an annual event, and the largest ever round of grants for farmers, worth £427 million, announced by the Prime Minister to drive greater productivity.
We are also consulting on fairer food labels to ensure that our British farmers are fairly rewarded.
We are announcing today a consultation on the next phase of our tuberculosis eradication strategy, which includes culling in high-risk areas, and this week I announced that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  is conducting a review into public sector food procurement.
Furthermore, we are taking action to hold water companies to account more strongly, which includes a fourfold increase in inspections and consulting on banning bonuses for companies that commit serious criminal breaches.
We are working at pace with the devolved Administrations on the banning of wet wipes.
As we covered earlier, we continue to address the threat from the bluetongue virus.
I can confirm to the House that I have acted on the representations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Penrith and The Border (Dr Hudson)  on extending the neutering deadline for XL Bully dogs by some months, from  30 January 2024  until  30 June 2025 .
Finally, tomorrow the Minister responsible for nature will announce the successful bids for species restoration grants, building on the progress on biodiversity net gain.
We have only 10 minutes for topicals.
That is the problem.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware that the inflexibility, bureaucracy and cost of the seasonal poultry workers scheme make it prohibitive for businesses such as Kelly Turkeys in my constituency to hire labour for just a few weeks in the run-up to Christmas?
Will he urge the Home Office to include it within the existing seasonal agricultural workers scheme, thus allowing producers to use labour that is already in the country?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Of course, there are 2,000 seasonal worker visas to meet the demand in the run-up to Christmas.
He will know that from my time as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, when I dealt with the issue of turkey supplies before Christmas, I am happy to look at that issue.
He is talking about a finite period, and I will make those representations to Home Office colleagues.