The Prime Minister’s personal pledge, to much fanfare, of a smokefree generation also seems to have gone up in smoke.
Where is the Bill?
We have offered the Government Labour’s votes, and they should take them.
The Victims and Prisoners Bill is languishing in the Lords.
Is that because the Government do not want the amendment tabled by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  on infected  blood to be agreed to?
If that is so, it is pretty shameful.
Will the Leader of the House promise Government support for the amended Bill?
When will we finally see details of the compensation scheme?
The Sentencing Bill is also stuck in limbo.
We have been waiting for weeks for its Committee stage.
Is it another victim of this worn-out Government?
Apparently, the Justice Secretary and the Prime Minister are at loggerheads over how to proceed, while this week the Government sneaked out further plans to release criminals early because they have lost control of prison places.
Is that not exactly what Members should be scrutinising during the passage of the Bill?
Will the Leader of the House bring it back?
Much needed and long heralded legislation to regulate English football is still nowhere to be seen.
Just this week, the Premier League shelved a new financial settlement for the football pyramid, and the English Football League is responding today.
Does the Leader of the House not agree that new powers to impose a fair deal for smaller clubs cannot come soon enough?
Fans in Bury, Macclesfield, Derby, Reading, Scunthorpe and, may I add, Portsmouth want their precious clubs saved.
If the Conservatives want to make this an election issue in those places, I say bring it on.
Let us be really clear: if they do not want to regulate football governance, then we will.
I notice the Leader of the House has not announced any further provision beyond Monday for ping-pong on the emergency Rwanda legislation.
Is that because it has now been pushed back to after Easter?
Some emergency!
To be honest, I do not want to hear “as parliamentary time allows” when there is an abundance of it.
Do we really need time on the Floor of the House for so many statutory instruments or Committee stage of the Pedicabs (London) Bill?
The Government have the time, but on those issues and more they do not have the support of their own side.
It is as if they do not have the numbers.
With every week that passes, their majority gets smaller and smaller.
This week, it was another defection.
But the reasons for their dwindling numbers do not make for pretty reading.
In no particular order: tractor porn, drug abuse, a conviction for paedophilia, breaking parliamentary rules on paid lobbying, groping, misleading Parliament, flashing at staff, tantrums because they were not given peerages, and eating camel penis.
It might sound ridiculous, but it is actually not funny.
It all brings Parliament into disrepute and drags our politics through the gutter.
And now, this week, we have had overt racism from the Conservative party’s biggest donor.
I had to check for myself yesterday that the Prime Minister really said that he was “pleased”—he was pleased—that this man, who said a black woman MP should be shot and that Indians should climb on the roof of trains, supported his party.
Is the Leader of the House pleased?
Will she use his resources in her marginal Portsmouth North constituency?
Surely, if he is a racist, which he clearly is, he has no place in the Conservative party and his money should be given back.
The truth is that the Conservatives cannot implement their own legislative programme.
They have lost control.
As  the hon.
Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker)  said last night: “the Conservative party is unleadable and…for the sake of the nation, it’s better to go early than allow this psychodrama to continue.”
He’s right, isn’t he?
May I start by wishing all who are marking it in the UK and around the world a blessed Ramadan?
I join the tribute paid by  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  to Tommy McAvoy.
I am sure many Members will pay tribute to him in the coming days and weeks.
I also thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  for her service and friendship over many years.
This House may be losing her, but I know she has many more years of public service ahead of her.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central focuses first on the legislative programme.
She will know that 26 Bills have already been introduced in this Session and that four have reached Royal Assent.
She will know that last Session we did 43 Bills, and broke many records in terms of private Members’ Bills and the amount of legislation we were able to get through.
She will know the passage of the Bills that are going through both Houses at the moment, and she will also know that we will shortly bring through a Bill on football governance.
This is a programme of work that we initiated following a review that was conducted with the help of many clubs around the country.
When we bring legislation to the House, it will need to have the confidence of the English Football League, and, having attended many events with the EFL myself, I know that that is clear and understood.
The hon.
Lady claimed that the Conservatives had no energy left for legislation, suggesting that we were not bringing measures forward and that we were a zombie Parliament, but I am afraid that it is the Opposition who are the zombies in this Chamber.
The House rises early when the Opposition are not opposing.
The Committee stage of the Finance Bill was completed in 30 minutes, and in recent times the Opposition have found it hard even to find speakers for their own debates.
It is they who are displaying zombie tendencies.
It is often tempting to refer to the Leader of the Opposition as the Knight of the Living Dead, and in stark contrast I commend the always energetic and vibrant stance taken by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker) ; I think the point he was making in that interview was that the plan is working.
Let me now come to the very serious issue that the hon.
Lady raised about Mr Hester’s remarks.
They were racist and abhorrent, and—I fully appreciate—threatening to  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , who I understand has referred the matter to the police.
My party is financed by fundraising and donations—notably money raised from raffles—including donations from private individuals.
There might be some who would come to this Dispatch Box today and attempt to argue that such a refund was not practically possible or warranted, but I am not going to attempt to do that.
The point that the hon.
Lady has made is not concerned with the practicalities of a refund, the consequences to the payroll of Conservative Campaign Headquarters, or the ability of my party to fight a general election.
No, no; it is a point of principle, and I respect that.
She could not have been clearer in what she has said today.
She has stated that it is wrong to take funds from people who say horrible things, no matter when they were said, and that when there is an issue, funds should be returned.
She has been clear about that today, and she has said that that is the right thing to do.
If, for example, someone said of Hamas that one man’s terrorist is another man’s freedom fighter, as Dale Vince has said, or said that my colleagues and I should be “taken out and shot”, as the RMT union boss Steve Hedley has said, the hon.
Lady would presumably think it wrong to hang on to funds donated to Labour by them—or by an organisation branded “institutionally sexist”.
I believe that during Tim Roache’s time as GMB general secretary, when he ran what has been described as a “casting couch culture”—menacing young women in the union—the Labour party took 12 million quid from him.
Those three charmers alone have contributed £15 million to the Labour party, and presumably, immediately following this session, the hon.
Lady will demand that it is repaid.
To be precise, and to assist her in that matter, let me add that those donations were made directly to the central Labour party, Labour MPs, Members of the Scottish Parliament, councillors, the Mayor of Manchester—she might like to mention that this weekend—the deputy leader of the Labour party, and the Leader of the Opposition.
If Labour is sincere and this it is not a political stunt, it will commit itself to repaying those funds, and there would be some additional upsides to doing so.
The scurrilous suggestions that Labour’s pro “Stop Oil” policies were anything to do with Mr Vince’s donations could no longer be deployed, and nor could the charge that Labour Members would not support our legislation to protect the public’s access to the services they pay for because their party was in the pockets of militant trade unions—but I am not holding my breath, because I know that Labour Members say one thing and do another.
They have dropped their £28 billion decarbonisation spending pledge, yet they keep the policy.
They say that they will not tolerate pro-genocide chants, yet they have restored the whip to  the hon.
Member for Middlesbrough (Andy McDonald) .
They say that they back our tax cuts but they will not vote for them, and as a consequence they now cannot say how they would fund NHS appointments, breakfast clubs, NHS equipment, dentistry appointments, home insulation, their own state-owned energy company, and their wealth fund.
No amount of confected drama and virtue signalling can disguise the fact that it is the same old Labour party, the same old hypocrisy and the same old games.
This week, in the real world outside the Westminster bubble, which is where we are focused, cancer deaths among middle-aged people are down by a third, revised forecasts show that the economy is growing and, for the eighth month in a row, real wages are rising.
The plan is working, unlike Labour’s line of attack, and my hon.
Friend the Member for Broxbourne is very excited about it.