As ever, the Chairman of the Select Committee makes a very important point, and may I take this opportunity to congratulate him from  the Dispatch Box on becoming an honorary KC, which I understand will happen on Monday?
I am sure that the whole House will want to join me in saying that he is extremely worthy of this very significant honour, and we are all thrilled that it will be given.
He does make an important point: words really matter; there will shortly be a statement to the House about that, and about the meaning of the term “extremism.”
It is very important that we all choose our words carefully, particularly when it comes to this long-running and difficult conflict.
We respect the rulings of the ICJ—of course we do—but that does not mean that we think every case before it is well brought.
On the issue of international conventions, treaties and international law, including international humanitarian law and the international refugee convention, will the Attorney General place in the Library over the weekend a legal statement on the circumstances in which international law is trumped by clear and unambiguous words in an Act of Parliament?
Will she include in that statement the necessary citations from the Supreme Court and the House of Lords?
My hon.
Friend is a great and long-standing Member of this House, and is able to ask questions the answers to which might not automatically be obvious.
We are talking here about Palestinian and Israeli counterparts being in compliance with international law, but I am of course delighted to say again to my hon.
Friend that this Government are committed to international law—we have said that repeatedly from the Dispatch Box—and I do not see any need to lay a statement such as he suggests, but I will continue to enjoy our conversations on this topic.
This week, in the other place, the Foreign Secretary said on the tragic conflict in the middle east: “You have to obey the rules and obey the law”.—[Official Report, House of Lords,  12 March 2024 ; Vol. 836, c. 1915.]
That is an important affirmation from this Government that Israel both has a right to self-defence and very much has a duty to obey international humanitarian law.
Can the Attorney General reaffirm that the Government will continue to stress both that right and that duty in this conflict, which we all want to end as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and I would not like any Member of this House to be in any doubt: we all, across this House, want the fighting to stop now.
That message is delivered by the Government on behalf of the House and the nation repeatedly and loudly.
We are calling for an immediate pause to get aid in and hostages out, and then progress to a permanent ceasefire.
We need five things to happen: the release of the hostages; the formation of a new Palestinian Government; Hamas’s capacity to launch attacks stopped; Hamas to no longer be in charge of Gaza; and a credible pathway to a two-state solution.
I think we can all get behind that.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to improve the experience of victims of crime.
The Crown Prosecution Service is transforming the way that it supports victims.
The victim transformation programme will roll out this spring; under it, for example, every rape victim will receive an invitation to meet their prosecution team before their case goes to trial.
The tension resulting from the conflict in Israel and Gaza is causing an escalation in hate crimes.
What progress is my hon.
and learned Friend making alongside the CPS to ensure that the victims of these crimes—indeed, the victims of any hate crime—receive full support, and that the perpetrators are prosecuted?
My hon.
Friend raises the absolutely key point, which is the support given to victims.
The programmes that the CPS is rolling out include a programme for closer working between the police and the CPS, to support victims.
He will be pleased to know that in the rolling year to September 2023, the CPS prosecuted 12,508 hate crime offences, with a charge rate of 86% and a conviction rate of 84%, and in 78% of those cases, the judge increased the offender’s sentence because they agreed that it was a hate crime.
Does the Minister agree that some of the most tragic cases are those in which a family member is murdered?
In that context, could coroners courts and the coroner system be modernised?
The time that some of my constituents have to wait because of coroners court delays is unacceptable.
The hon.
Member raises a key point.
There is nothing more tragic than the circumstances he outlines.
I am happy to meet him to talk about any specific case concerns he has, but more broadly, I am acutely aware of the pressures, and I will look at whether there is anything I can do to ensure that the pressures and stresses on his constituents are alleviated.