The hon.
Lady insinuates that I dodge questions, but I do not.
She said six weeks ago that she would write to me with a list of all the questions I have not answered, but she has not yet done so.
The SNP never fails to disappoint.
The hon.
Lady asks about sound administration and about money over morality, in a week in which it has been discovered that the Scottish Government have presided over a six-figure sum of Scottish taxpayers’ money being spent on an art installation that promises a “magical, erotic journey through a distinctly Scottish landscape.”
That is known to the rest of us as a hardcore porn movie.
I am glad that the SNP is interested in good governance and improving administration, particularly with reference to Brexit.
Let me see how I can help to improve the Scottish Government’s effectiveness in that regard.
There has been criticism this week that the SNP is blowing taxpayers’ cash on copious embassies and lobbying to rejoin the EU.
That camper van must be out of the police pound soon, so why not turn it into a mobile embassy that can drive between Brussels and European capitals to lobby for EU membership?
If the SNP wants to continue funding innovative film projects, perhaps it could double up and ask Cliff Richard to come along and produce a sequel to “Summer Holiday”, which would have the added bonus of cutting down the SNP’s need to blow more taxpayers’ cash on overseas jollies.
I am here to help.
I have a lot of time for  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) , but I need to clear my name.
I strode across Victoria Tower Gardens yesterday to put my boot into my miserabilist colleagues who are demanding an early general election.
I said to Gary Gibbon that, with incomes rising, inflation falling, the economy growing and the plan working, why  2 May ?
I am rolling up my sleeves to man the ramparts in November.
My question is: can we have an urgent debate on foot in mouth disease?
“Foot in mouth” or “foot and mouth”?
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker)  is in the Chamber to set the record straight and to request a debate on foot and mouth disease.
Because of his energetic question, I will write to the Secretary of State to ask him to consider what my hon.
Friend has said.
As for the rest of what my hon.
Friend said, we thank him for it.