My hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond)  introduced the Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders)
Bill on  11 December  and its Second Reading is scheduled for Friday.
I hope we can ensure that the Bill makes progress in this Session.
It is important and, of course, it would not impede in any way people who want to home educate their children, as many do in a very good way indeed.
We had a debate in Westminster Hall on  12 December  on arms export licences for sales to Israel.
On the same day, the Foreign Secretary decided he was satisfied that there was “good evidence to support a judgment that Israel is committed to complying with IHL”— international humanitarian law.
It is Liberal Democrat policy to have a presumption of denial for arms sales to countries on the most recent Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office list of territories designated as human rights priority countries.
May we have a debate in Government time on that list of human rights priority  countries, so that we may better interdict Iranian arms supplies to Hamas and Hezbollah, but also look again at UK arms exports to Israel?
I will certainly ensure that the Department for Business and Trade, which has oversight of this matter, is aware of what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
The House scrutinises the policies and procedures that surround arms export controls.
We are very transparent and we have one of the most rigorous regimes in the world.
I am sure that we would welcome further scrutiny of it, because I think it is a sound policy.
Last week, we saw a Budget that delivered lower taxes and high economic growth.
It contained measures, such as freezing fuel duty, support for childcare and changes to child benefit, from which areas like Gillingham and Rainham will benefit.
However, will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to make a statement on how the 20 town centres were chosen for levelling-up investment and regeneration, and how the criteria were applied?
Gillingham has not had any funding, despite representations to the Secretary of State, so my constituents, like any other constituents, want to know how the criteria are applied and that decisions are made on a fair, open and transparent basis.