It is clear from what we have heard that the Minister is here to tell us how well the Government and the water companies are doing.
Meanwhile, out there in the real world, the recent “State of Our Rivers” report exposed that not one English river is in a good overall condition.
The capital’s water supplier is on the brink of collapse, and the only solution that the Government are even considering was stolen from the Labour party.
Is it not the truth that what Britian’s rivers really cannot afford is five more years of this useless Government?
When the Leader of the Opposition says that he would want Wales to be his blueprint if Labour gets into power in England, I fear for this country.
We have seen far worse water pollution under Welsh Labour, as has already been said.
We will continue with our plan for water, which is about more investment, stronger regulation and much tougher enforcement against those who pollute.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Thames Water on its proposals for the Teddington direct river abstraction project.
DEFRA, supported by the Environment Agency, is currently seeking clarification from Thames Water on its revised draft water resources management plan to help inform the next steps for the Teddington project.
The proposals are still at an early stage.
Thames Water will continue to carry out further consultation over the next couple of years to help it design and carry out further environmental assessments of the scheme.
The water resources management plan for the south-east, which contains the highly controversial Teddington direct river abstraction proposal opposed by tens of thousands of local residents and river users across south-west London, has been sitting on the Environment Secretary’s desk since August.
We have been calling for the Teddington proposal to be taken out of the plan, and we were told that a decision would be made by Christmas, then by February 2024, and now we are told it will be made in due course.
In the meantime, as the Minister suggests, Thames Water is wasting huge amounts of billpayers’ money on the proposals, so will he confirm when the Secretary of State plans to make a decision on the water resources management plan and whether he will take the Teddington project out of it?
This follows on from a conversation I had with the hon.
Lady and her constituency neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) .
We are well aware of Thames Water’s proposals for this scheme, which is still in a consultation stage.
It is one of 17 strategic water resources options being considered across the Thames catchment, and I will be updated by Thames Water, as will the Secretary of State, when it has completed its consultation.
What recent estimate he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the cost to businesses of “Not for EU” labelling.
What recent estimate he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the cost to businesses of “Not for EU” labelling.
The Department engages regularly with UK industry to understand the impact of the Windsor framework, and we encourage businesses to respond to the consultation, which is still live.
During my various meetings, including at the UK corporate headquarters of Bidfood in my constituency, exasperated businesses have expressed serious concerns about the damage being inflicted on them by the Conservatives’ ill-thought-through “Not for EU” labelling scheme.
Along with increasing consumer confusion, it will also likely reduce choice and raise prices for shoppers.
Secretary of State, why are this incompetent Government so hellbent on burdening British businesses with more bureaucracy and red tape, and increasing their cost base?
First, let me say that there is a consultation taking place, so there is discussion on this.
Secondly, £50 million has already been allocated as transitional support.
Thirdly, particularly for colleagues in Northern Ireland, it is important that, far from restricting choice, we maintain it.
That is exactly what the Windsor framework, which the House as a whole agreed to, is designed to do.
A correctly labelled shipment for Going Nuts, a firm in Park Royal, made it to Felixstowe on  2 January  but, shockingly, it has only just been released from  being impounded.
That was due to a customs staff shortage at the border, so will the Government fix that?
The company incurred a three-figure sum for 40 days’ storage, plus VAT.
The Government are throwing small business under the bus—albeit a Sadiq Khan bus with low emissions.
I will leave it to others to deduce the link to Sadiq Khan’s bus.
I think the hon.
Lady prepared her question before the previous answer, because I just set out that we are giving £50 million of transitional labelling support.
Of course, a consultation is live and we are working with businesses on it.