As for our childcare policy, this is a priority for the Secretary of State for Education and I will make sure that she has heard his concerns today.
It is one of the many elements we are bringing forward to enable people to remain economically active and grow their household income.
It is a very important service, which is why have done this.
It is an unprecedented, generous package for parents and we must ensure that all parents who want to access it can do so.
Yesterday, I hosted my second parliamentary fertility treatment drop-in, where we had the likes of Fertility Matters at Work, LGBT Mummies and Fertility Network UK.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is time we looked at access to fertility treatment and ensured that employers provide time off work for people undertaking it?
May we have a debate in Government time to discuss this important subject?
On behalf of all of us, I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work she does on this important matter.
It is primarily an issue for the Department of Health and Social Care, but some of the issues she raises will fall to the Department for Work and Pensions.
I will therefore make sure that both Secretaries of State have heard what she has said today.
This is an increasingly a concern and an important matter to many couples, and we must ensure that we are doing all we can to support them.
May I press the Leader of the House again on the football governance Bill and say how urgent it is?
Many of us, on both sides of the House, have clubs in our constituencies that have been on the verge of going under, and that situation is only going to get worse.
Will the Government bring the putative Bill to the Floor of the House as soon as possible?
The hon.
Gentleman has my undertaking to do that.
It is important that we bring that Bill forward; the football pyramid, at every level, needs to be supported.
I know that many hon.
Members will have had a great deal of input into the Bill and we must make sure it is perfect when it comes to this House.
During a recent visit to the Eastwood Academy, an outstanding non-selective secondary school that aims to help every child fulfil their potential, the head told me that a year 10 student had been removed from school mid-term in favour of elective home education.
The student was doing incredibly well, having come from a challenging background.
The head had only 10 days to try to engage with the parents and they would not even come into the school for a meeting.
Please may we have a debate in Government time on the process by which children can suddenly be ripped out of school, and an assurance that when children are being electively home educated, they are getting the education they rightfully deserve?