Farmers need support against potentially devastating contagious diseases, such as African swine fever.
I recently visited Dover, where the diligent Port Health Authority regularly seizes contaminated meat.
Yet next month, its DEFRA funding will be cut by 70% and, incredibly, those border checks will be moved 22 miles inland.
Why are the Conservatives putting the farmers of this country and our national security at risk?
That is a timely question.
Just yesterday I had a meeting with the chief veterinary officer to discuss our security risks, particularly in the context of bluetongue disease.
It may not be catching the House’s attention today, but I am concerned that it will become a widely debated issue by the summer.
I am actively engaged in that discussion, and the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is having a roundtable on that live security issue next week.
Last week, I spoke at the British Veterinary Association annual dinner, which the hon.
Gentleman also attended, so he saw in first person just how engaged we are with these issues.
When his Department plans to publish its strategy for chemicals.
This Government are committed to protecting human health and the environment, and we will be setting out our priorities for addressing risks from chemicals in due course.
To be clear, though, the new draft strategy sets out that our chemicals policy and regulatory decisions will be independent of the EU; they will be bespoke to the UK.
The cosmetics sector is often overlooked, perhaps because we are unwilling to show how dependent we are on that sector, or perhaps because so many of the 550,000 people who work in that sector are women.
The Cosmetic, Toiletry and Perfumery Association manifesto makes it clear that it requires a safe and sustainable supply of chemicals within a robust, internationally  compatible regulatory framework.
Is it not clear that this ongoing chaos with the chemicals strategy means that what it actually requires is a change of Government?
A great many people from that industry were at an international women’s event about sustainability that I spoke at yesterday.
In our engagement on the new alternative transition model, which involves working with the industry very closely, we are taking into account the fact that supply chains are complicated, that they operate cross border, and that the sector values access.
We will be consulting on the strategy very shortly.