Last week, the Prime Minister’s flagship Rwanda Bill was defeated 10 times in the House of Lords, with calls for the UK Government to protect victims of modern slavery and human trafficking from being removed to Rwanda without their consent until a decision, based on conclusive grounds, about their safety and not being placed at risk of being re-trafficked has been completed.
Does the Solicitor General not understand that modern slavery protections for vulnerable children and adults appear to be expendable under his Government?
The Bill will be coming back to the Commons next week, when there will be an opportunity to debate those issues further.
However, I point out that the treaty between the Government of Rwanda and the UK includes specific provisions that address the need for protection and support for victims of trafficking.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs on UK compliance with international humanitarian law in the context of the International Court of Justice’s order in the case on the application of the genocide convention in Gaza.
Regulars at Attorney General’s questions know that the Law Officers convention prevents me from disclosing outside Government whether or not I have provided advice and the specifics of that advice.
Colleagues also know that I take seriously my obligations to ensure that the Government are acting in a lawful manner on both domestic and international fronts.
I have listened to the Attorney General, and she will know that the UK Government, as a signatory to the genocide convention, have a clear responsibility not only to punish but—under article 1—to undertake to prevent genocide, as one of the gravest crimes under international law.
Given that the Government will still sell arms to the Israeli military after the International Court of Justice found the actions in Gaza to be plausibly in breach of the genocide convention, what legal advice has she provided to the Foreign Office that allows her to fulfil the legal obligation to prevent genocide at the same time as selling arms?
If the ICJ ultimately rules that it is genocide, and it is proven that civilians have been killed by UK-sold arms, does that not leave the UK complicit in genocide?
I believe that I dealt earlier with the substance of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
We respect the independence of the ICJ.
We have considerable concerns about this case, which is not helpful in the goal of achieving a sustainable ceasefire.
We accept that the Court has made a provisional measures order, much of which we wholeheartedly agree with.
We would suggest, however, that terms such as genocide not be bandied about until there has been a final ruling of the Court.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman asks from a sedentary position what advice I have provided.
I have explained clearly why I cannot answer that.
However, with your leave, Mr Speaker, I will take him through some of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office’s decision-making process to inform the Department for Business and Trade on export licensing.
The FCDO continues to assess Israel’s commitment and capability to comply with IHL.
The assessments are supported by a detailed evidence base, including analysis of the conflict, reporting from NGOs, international bodies and partner countries, statements from the Israeli Government and military representatives, and Israel’s track record.
We have asked the Government of Israel specific questions on their approach to complying with IHL—I did some of that myself to help inform that advice.
Applications for export licences are assessed on a case-by-case basis against strategic export licensing criteria, including with regard to IHL—that is a major part of that assessment.
We keep licences under careful and continuing review.
The Government can amend, suspend, refuse or revoke licences as circumstances require.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  18 March  will include: Monday 18 March —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Anticipation and Adjustments)
Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill.
Tuesday 19 March —Remaining stages of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill
[Lords].
Wednesday 20 March —Second Reading of the Post Office (Horizon System)
Offences Bill.
Thursday 21 March —General debate on the reports of the Defence Committee and Public Accounts Committee on armed forces readiness and defence equipment, followed by general debate on the reports of the Environmental Audit Committee, the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee on food security.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee on the recommendation of the Liaison Committee.
Friday 22 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  25 March  includes: Monday 25 March —Remaining stages of the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 26 March —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of
the Pedicabs (London) Bill
[Lords], followed by debate on a motion relating to the national policy statement for national networks.
The House will rise for the Easter recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 26 March  and return on  Monday 15 April .
First, I pay tribute to Tommy McAvoy, the former Member for Rutherglen.
Tommy was a legend of the Labour Whips Office, and the longest ever serving Government Whip.
He was highly respected and revered.
My thoughts are with his family and friends.
Despite the King’s Speech being only a few months ago, the Government seem to be running scared from their own legislative programme.
Where have all their flagship Bills gone?
We hear that the Renters (Reform) Bill is being held to ransom, on the brink of collapse because the Government will not stand up to landlords on their own side and end no-fault evictions.
Second Reading and Committee stage happened in November, but there has been nothing since.
That is a manifesto commitment, so when will we get Report stage?
If the Government do not end no-fault evictions, we will.