Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative Director, Raymond ``Trey'' Webster III, for his work done on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
This week, Trey will depart my office for new opportunities with Rep. Susie Lee as her Legislative Director, and I could not be prouder or more grateful for his service.
As Legislative Director, Trey brought an incredible work ethic and commitment to his job, earning his spot as an honorary Minnesotan in the process.
He led our legislative team with intelligence, humor, and compassion, and we will miss him greatly as he embarks on his new adventure.
A University of South Carolina and Georgetown Law graduate, Trey first came to our office in 2021 as my Legislative Counsel leading efforts in public safety, civil rights, civil liberties, and democracy preservation.
A shining example of Trey's brilliant work and true adherence to our ethos that ``Representation Begins with Listening,'' came a few short months after he started.
Through a series of meetings, Trey listened to local public safety stakeholders and national experts and then turned that listening into action as he wrote the Pathways to Policing Act, a bill based on a Minnesota program to ensure the recruitment of high-quality police officers across the country.
When our Legislative Director role came open in 2022, it was obvious who the correct choice should be to fill it.
Right away, Trey exhibited true servant leadership and put the needs of his team above his own.
He went out of his way to help staffers new to the legislative process and was endlessly patient, making his colleagues believe there was no such thing as a bad question.
Trey's empathy was an asset to the office and our constituents, whether he was skillfully managing the Community Project Funding process or pushing forward district-driven legislation.
As one of my staffers said, ``Trey is thoughtful and exceptionally kind.
He is always willing to go above and beyond to help others on the team.
He explains even the most complicated of subjects in a way that brings people along without making them feel silly for asking.''
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have his expertise and leadership, and he will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that this expertise will continue to serve the Nation and the people of Nevada's Third Congressional District.
I wish Trey all the best in his future endeavors and thank him for his three years of faithful service to this Nation.