9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine evolving workforce dynamics and the challenges for defense acquisition and defense industrial base personnel.
SH-216 10 a.m.
Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine reproductive health care.
SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, and Rebecca F. Dye, of North Carolina, both to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner.
SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the opportunities and challenges associated with developing geologic hydrogen in the United States.
SD-366 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the Water Resources Development Act, focusing on USACE water infrastructure projects, programs and priorities.
SD-406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine Tehran's shadow army, focusing on addressing Iran's proxy network in the Middle East.
SD-419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the retirement crisis in America, focusing on expanding defined benefit pension plans for workers.
SD-430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine preventing deaths of incarcerated individuals in Federal prisons.
SD-G50 2:30 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Agriculture.
SR-328A Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine the nation's correctional staffing crisis, focusing on assessing the toll on correctional officers and incarcerated persons.
SD-226 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine traumatic brain injury and blast exposure care.
SR-222 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine honoring America's veterans and their families at VA cemeteries.
SR-418