9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command and United States Space Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
SH-216 10 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Ann Marie McIff Allen, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Susan M. Bazis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Ernest Gonzalez, and Leon Schydlower, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Kelly Harrison Rankin, to be United States District Judge for the District of Wyoming, Robin Michelle Meriweather, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Almo J. Carter, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the United States Parole Commission, and Joshua S. Levy, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts, Rebecca C. Lutzko, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Roy W. Minter, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia, all of the Department of Justice.
SD-G50 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine empowering people with disabilities to thrive in careers and the workplace.
SD-106 MARCH 6 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to resume consideration of S. 3664, to require executive branch employees to report certain royalties, S. 3626, to clarify task and delivery order solicitation and contract requirements, S. 3635, to improve the President's Cup Cybersecurity Competitions, S. 3613, to require Facility Security Committees to respond to security recommendations issued by the Federal Protective Service relating to facility security, S. 3558, to prohibit contracting with certain biotechnology providers, S. 1524, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, S. 3654, to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to require the timely appointment of agency transition officials, to ensure adequate performance and oversight of required transition-related preparation, to require new guidance for agencies and possible transition teams, S. 3648, to amend the PostKatrina Management Reform Act of 2006 to repeal certain obsolete requirements, S. 3139, to ensure that Federal contractors comply with child labor laws, S. 2367, to improve border security through regular assessments and evaluations of the Checkpoint Program Management Office and effective training of U.S. Border Patrol agents regarding drug seizures, S. 3594, to require Governmentwide source code sharing, S. 3015, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address telework for Federal employees, S. 2143, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 320 South 2nd Avenue in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, as the ``Staff Sergeant Robb Lura Rolfing Post Office Building'', S. 2274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 112 Wyoming Street in Shoshoni, Wyoming, as the ``Dessie A. Bebout Post Office'', S. 2717, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 231 North Franklin Street in Greensburg, Indiana, as the ``Brigadier General John T. Wilder Post Office'', S. 3267, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 410 Dakota Avenue South in Huron, South Dakota, as the ``First Lieutenant Thomas Michael Martin Post Office Building'', S. 3357, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5120 Derry Street in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, as the ``Hettie Simmons Love Post Office Building'', S. 3419, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1765 Camp Hill Bypass in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, as the ``John Charles Traub Post Office'', S. 3639, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2075 West Stadium Boulevard in Ann Arbor, Michigan, as the ``Robert Hayden Post Office'', S. 3640, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 155