Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rear Admiral James Bernard, Jr., who was an esteemed member of our community.
Mr. Greene is being laid to rest today in Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors.
Admiral Greene was born on June 6, 1941, in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
He marrried his first wife, Diane, in 1964, and had four children.
After his first wife died, he married his second wife, Susan, in 2005, and welcomed three stepchildren and countless stepgrandchildren into his life.
He received a Bachelor of Science from Brown University, and a Master of Science in both Electrical Engineering and Management from the Naval Post Graduate School in Monterey.
Admiral Greene's long career in the military is commendable.
After joining the ROTC at Brown from 1959 to 1964, he was commissioned into the U.S. Navy, where he served in active duty from 1964 to 1995.
Even after retirement from active duty, he continued his service in the military by working at the Naval Post Graduate School as a Professor of the Practice and Chair of Acquisition, where he helped to launch and serve as Director of the Acquisition Research Program.
His service on behalf of the military did not end there.
He served as the Director of the Liaison for the Office of Legislative Affairs where he worked to recommission battleships.
He also worked on the 7B Maritime Prepositioning Ship Program and served as the Project Manager for the Aegis Ship Building Project.
He also served as the senior military Chief of Staff to the Under Secretary of Navy for Acquisition, Research and Development.
His commitment to the military both in active service and in retirement was commendable.
Admiral Greene also had a long history of community outreach and service.
He served as the Chair of Henry's Fork Foundation in Ashland, Idaho, and as founder and sponsor of the Rear Admiral Greene Colgate Internship.
He also served on the board of the American Chestnut Land Trust in Maryland, and advised other environmental organizations, such as the Teton Regional Land Trust and the Tuolumne River Land Trust.
His active involvement in countless environmental organizations revealed the depth of his dedication