Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Billy Richard Inman, Jr., as he celebrates his 32 years of service with the Lake County Fire Protection District and our community.
Captain Inman was born in Santa Rosa, California, on December 8, 1968.
He grew up in Covelo and Corning before moving to Lake County.
In 1985, he married his high school sweetheart, Pam, and soon thereafter welcomed two children, Jessica, and Billy IV.
He and his wife have since expanded their family by welcoming nine grandchildren.
Captain Inman obtained his General Education Diploma in 1987 and then took fire science courses to start his career.
Captain Inman began his service as a seasonal firefighter for South Lake County Fire.
He then became a volunteer firefighter for the Lakeshore Fire Department Volunteer Association and a volunteer captain for the Lakeshore/Lake County Fire Volunteer Association.
Later in his career, he became a firefighter for Lakeshore/Lake County Fire as well as a firefighter and emergency medical technician for Lakeshore/Lake County Fire.
After, he served as the Fire Captain for Lake County Fire Protection District.
Since the beginning of his career in the fire service, Captain Inman has aimed to give back to our community.
Currently, serving as a captain and training officer for the Lake County Fire Protection District.
Captain Inman has tirelessly worked to embody the mission of the Lake County Fire Protection District, which is to protect all its citizens from injuries and loss due to both manmade and natural fires.
Captain Inman's service on behalf of our Lake County community is inspiring.
In addition to his dedicated work to combat fires, he also works closely with youth.
This includes working to restore fire damage, inspecting car seats, operating fire safety trailers, coaching youth sports teams, and supporting local school activities with his attendance and generous donations.
Captain Inman has shown an immense commitment to the safety and health of our community.
For the past 32 years, Captain Inman has given countless hours to our community that have not gone unnoticed.
He has dedicated his life to both his biological family, fire family, and our Lake County community over the duration of his long and storied career.
We are grateful for his leadership in our community.