Mr. RODGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my dear friend, Dixie Ferguson, for her outstanding work and life-long dedication to serving our men and women in uniform and the veterans of our Eastern Washington community.
Dixie began her service journey in 1966 when she joined the American Red Cross after graduating from the University of California, Davis.
She joined the Clubmobile Service and provided support to our combat troops in Vietnam as a ``Donut Dolly.''
Dixie became well-known for her work at USO shows--singing, dancing, and serving food--to the young men fighting for our freedom who were missing home.
After returning home in 1968, Dixie served as a social worker at Long Beach Naval Hospital in California, Fitzsimons Army Hospital in Colorado, and the Naval Hospital at Camp Pendleton where she supported those wounded in combat.
Fast forward more than 50 years later, and Dixie is still serving our active duty and retired service members through the American Red Cross Chapter in Walla Walla.
In 2016, she earned the Red Cross Volunteer of the Year Award for her work as an outreach and emergency communications caseworker.
Dixie has gone above and beyond volunteering her time through the years.
Most recently, she has played an instrumental role in documenting the stories of those who served in World War II and Vietnam through the Library of Congress' Veterans History Project.
To date, she has helped record nearly 200 veterans' stories.
Additionally, Dixie has helped coordinate flights in the skies of Walla Walla for nearly 700 veterans as part of The Honour Project, while also proudly helping members of the Greatest Generation make their journey to visit the war memorials in Washington, D.C. as a part of the Inland Northwest Honor Flight.
There is truly no task too big or too small for Dixie.
Throughout the years, she served on a local committee responsible for bringing the second Gold Star Families Monument to Washington state.
In 2021, she established Volunteers Love Serving Veterans, a local non-profit committed to service.
Most recently, she organized and planned an annual POW/MIA ceremony event, where she welcomed a Congressional Medal One thing is certain:
There are very few in our country who have rolled out the red carpet for our veterans like Dixie Ferguson has.
Her love of service and dedication to our veterans has brought endless joy to the Walla Walla military and veteran community that continues to grow each year.