Representatives in 1954.
Ines Cayaban was the first Filipino American graduate of the School of Public Health, Nursing and Social Work at the University.
She received the prestigious Jefferson Award in 1986 for her service.
In 1994, Ben Cayetano was elected the Governor of Hawaii, becoming the first Filipino American governor of a state in our union.
In 2019, Roy Macaraeg became the first Fil-Am to become a general officer in the history of Hawaii's citizen soldier ranks.
In Hawaii, we also regularly honor the over 250,000 Filipinos who answered the call to protect and defend America and the Philippines in the Pacific theater.
In 2016, President Obama signed into law the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act to bestow Congress's highest honor upon those veterans.
With my colleagues in the House, I have introduced our Filipino Veterans Family Reunification Act, which seeks to reunite World War II Filipino soldiers with their children, so that we can honor those living in our community who fought to protect the free and open Indo-Pacific that we have today.
Each and all of these lives of achievement are but a small sampling much to the rich fabric of our country.
And the story of Filipino Americans is still in its early chapters.
This is why it is important that we take the time to recognize groups like Filipino Americans.
The story of Filipino Americans, and to an extent, the stories of all of our various ethnic groups, is the story.
From very humble beginnings, they have risen through hard work, sacrifice, commitment to advancing the next generations and mutual support to achieve so much already.
That well describes Filipino Americans overall--embracing the responsibilities and opportunities of America while honoring and treasuring the rich heritage of their ancestral homeland.
All of this is why I joined my friends and colleagues Congresswoman Michelle Steel, Congressman Bobby Scott, Congressman James Moylan and others in introducing this bipartisan resolution to express support for the designation of October as Filipino American History Month.
We urge our colleagues' support to promote an ongoing appreciation of the contributions of Filipino Americans to our country and the rich diversity of our nation.
To Fil-Ams everywhere, ``Maraming Salamat Po'' and ``Dios ti Agngina''--congratulations.
I truly look forward to partnering with them on their next proud chapters.