Hawaii stands at 370,000.
In total, fully a quarter of all Hawaii residents are Filipino Americans, by far the largest percentage of any state or territory.
We observe Filipino American History Month in October because the first recorded arrival of Filipinos in the continental United States took place on October 18, 1587, when the ``Luzones Indios'' came ashore from the Manila-built galleon Nuestra Senora de Esperanza in Morro Bay, California.
Today, across the country Filipino Americans have a population of approximately 4,400,000 and are the third largest Asian American and Pacific Islander group in the United States.
Many of the early Filipino immigrants were young men who came to the United States seeking a better life.
Most found work in Hawaii, California, Washington and Alaska.
This first generation of Filipino immigrants are commonly referred to as the Manong generation (Ilocano for first-born male).
They worked mostly physically demanding jobs in tough conditions for very little pay.
Over the years, they fought against discrimination, found a way forward and made a better future for themselves and their future generations.
They became respected members of communities throughout our nation.
The history of the Fil-Am community in Hawaii is particularly rich and echoes the national story.
In 1906, the first 15 sakada contract laborers arrived in Honolulu from the Philippines aboard the SS Doric, marking the first sustained immigration into our country and the humble beginnings of Fil-Ams in Hawaii.
These first immigrants, those that followed and the subsequent generations eventually became trailblazers in politics and government, the military, business and entrepreneurship, journalism, popular culture, music and the arts and more.
Domingo Los Banos was Hawaii's first Filipino American school principal and a loyal veteran of the 1st Filipino Infantry Regiment that fought in the Philippines during World War II.
Carolina Dizon Wong broke a glass ceiling when she obtained an M.D. degree and became the first Filipino American to start a medical practice in Hawaii in 1952.
Peter Aduja became the first Fil-Am elected to public office in the United States when he was elected to the Hawaii Territorial House of