Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career.
Andy Flick, my former Chief of Staff, as he departs the People's House after 14 years to serve Vice President Harris as her new Director of Legislative Affairs.
When I was elected to Congress in 2018, I had achieved success in business, but I was a novice at operating in the halls.
I had big ideas about what our country needed, and I knew I needed the right team in place to execute and help me be as effective a legislator as I possibly could.
It was recommended I speak with Andy, who had significant experience in the House, an impressive professional network, and was brimming with ideas on how to run a Congressional office.
I hired Andy and we were off and running.
Andy knew how to both move legislation and manage a team to bring out their potential.
Our best conversations revolved around my experience running a business and applying it to management on Capitol Hill.
From Andy, I learned from his insights into politics and procedure.
As a manager, Andy ran our team with professionalism and empathy, and consistently pushed the team to achieve our shared goals.
Andy helped me realize one of my top priorities in Congress when we founded the Freshman Working Group on Addiction--which has since grown into the Bipartisan Mental Health & Substance Use Disorder Task Force, a 140-member group dedicated to overcoming the opioid epidemic.
We signed four bills into law my freshman term and chalked up more wins in the 117th Congress.
As a true talent, Andy was eventually offered a position he couldn't refuse--to become Executive Director of the New Democrat Coalition.
Over the three years he served in my office, Andy proved himself a consummate leader by hiring and training a team that operated with his same dedication to public service--and so was able to take the new opportunity, knowing he left the office in good hands.
Similarly, he leaves the New Democrat Coalition for another opportunity, leaving behind a Coalition that is stronger and more impactful for his leadership.
I will continue to support Andy to achieve all his professional and personal goals.
His hard work and innovative thinking have earned my respect, and his commitment to public service has earned my admiration.
He will always be my first great advisor in public office, and a true friend.