As it turned out, the Convention had already agreed to prohibit religious tests for office holding, but the willingness of Philadelphia Jews to lobby for their rights further illustrates American Jewry's newfound boldness.
On July 4, 1788, Philadelphia held a parade to celebrate the ratification of the new constitution.
The Grand Federal Procession was led by an interfaith group of clergymen, including a rabbi, their arms interlocked.
Later, when George Washington took the first presidential oath of office in New York City, Hazzan Gershom Mendes Seixas joined other clergy from the city as a witness.
The First Amendment, ratified in 1791, confirmed the right of religious free exercise for all Americans and guaranteed separation of church and state.
Under the Constitution, Jews held federal offices, even where they could not hold offices under existing state constitutions.
Thus, in 1801 President Thomas Jefferson appointed Reuben Etting to be the US marshal in Maryland, even though he would not have been allowed to hold any office under that state's constitution until 1826.
Joel Hart and Mordecai Manuel Noah served as diplomats under Jefferson and Madison.
Noah was later the sheriff of New York City, the ``boss'' of Tammany Hall, and a local judge.
The Constitution did not preclude individual states from barring Jews from public office.
Maryland, Massachusetts, and New Jersey repealed these rules before the Civil War, while North Carolina did so during Reconstruction.
New Hampshire finally abolished the practice in 1877.
Nor could the constitutional expansion of Jewish rights end social antisemitism.
Antisemitism, rooted in Christian theology, nationalisms, bigotry, private fears and ignorance, and the rantings of demagogues and conspiracy theorists, will, of course, never be abolished by government decree.
A political system can regulate behavior and even promote tolerance, but cannot end private intolerance and hatred.
In the Old World, however, anti-Jewish prejudice was often encouraged, supported, or even mandated, by governments.
In America, from the outset, the law was on the Jews' side.
Furthermore, America's unprecedented acceptance of the Jews helped to induce other western nations, including Revolutionary France and mid-nineteenth-century Great Britain, to grant Jews similar rights, although the process in both countries was piecemeal, halting, and incomplete for many years.
In Britain, for example, Lionel Rothschild won multiple elections to Parliament starting in 1847 but was unable to take his seat until 1859, after the Jews Relief Act had been passed.
Full Jewish political equality in Britain was not achieved until 1871.
As we approach the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution, on July 4, 2026, it is important to recall how the patriotism of Jews led to their political equality and a national policy

of religious liberty.
The United States became the first western nation to prohibit any religious test for national public office, have no national or official faith, have no laws restricting Jewish secular life or religious observance, and allow for freedom of worship and belief on a broad national scale.
When George Washington wrote to the Newport Jewish community, this process was not yet complete, but the holdouts were few and relatively insignificant.
The Revolutionary era set the stage for the ensuing two and a half centuries of Jewish flourishing in a country where, to return again to the words of Washington's historic letter.
minorities enjoy religious freedom not because mere tolerance has been extended to them but because ``all possess alike liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship.'' ____________________
Title: