Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
118

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 10, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 15

10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John

Arrigo, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Portuguese

Republic, Christine Toretti, of Pennsylvania, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden, and Michael G.

Waltz, of Florida, to be Representative of the United

States of America to the Sessions of the General

Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of

service as Representative of the United States of

America to the United Nations, and to be the

Representative of the United States of America to the

United Nations, with the Rank of Ambassador, and the

Representative of the United States of America in the

Security Council of the United Nations, all of the

Department of State.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine smash and grab, focusing on

criminal networks and organized theft.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine stakeholder perspectives on

Federal oversight of digital commodities.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine voices of the vaccine

injured.
JULY 16

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek

Barrs, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Federal

Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Jonathan

Morrison, of California, to be Administrator of the

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and

Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of

the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety

Administration, both of the Department of

Transportation.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine constructing the surface

transportation reauthorization bill, focusing on

stakeholders' perspectives.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine reforming the State

Department to compete in the 21st century.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Crystal

Carey, of New Jersey, to be General Counsel of the

National Labor Relations Board for a term of four

years, Brian Christine, of Alabama, to be an Assistant

Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Brittany

Panuccio, of Florida, to be a Member of the Equal

Employment Opportunity Commission.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine the AI industry's mass

ingestion of copyrighted works for AI training.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 1555, to increase loan

limits for loans made to small manufacturers, S. 1199,

to extend the statute of limitations for fraud under

certain pandemic programs, and an original bill

entitled, ``Expanding the Surety Bond Program Act''.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine aging with purpose, focusing

on the positive impact of seniors in today's economy.