Mr. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an outstanding gentleman and blessing to the City of New Orleans, Sgt.
Stephen Burdick ``Steve'' Hand.
He was born in Bronxville, New York on July 21, 1941, to Faith Seiple Hand and Edward Sayer Hand, Sr, and grew up in Scarsdale, New York.
Mr. Hand was deeply committed to our beloved city.
He served as a leader in the initiative to preserve and restore New Orleans through his work at the Vieux Carre Commission, and the French Market Corp during the 1980s and 1990s.
After living a full life dedicated to serving others, Steve (82 years old) passed away on January 8, 2024.
Steve was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1963.
His training took place in Fort Benning, Georgia, with the 17th Artillery 2nd Infantry Division under Battery C 7th Battalion (``Garry Owen'').
He served one tour of duty in 1965 to Vietnam in which he was stationed at An Khe with the 3rd Brigade 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile).
Mr. Hand earned the title Upon returning to the United States, Steve returned to his studies and ultimately graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine with a bachelor's degree in economics.
After graduating, Steve began his career, working in Communications and Public Service.
He fondly reflected on his experience working on Capitol Hill as a Legislative Assistant and Press Secretary to Senators Winston L. Prouty of Vermont and Edward Brooke of Massachusetts, the first popularly elected Black senator.
He went on to earn a master's degree in Landscape Architecture at LSU in 1982, where he developed an appreciation for the state of Louisiana and the Gulf Coast.
At LSU, he wrote his thesis, about the historical, cultural, and political influences that have contributed to the development of the gardens and courtyards within the French Quarter.
This thesis was instrumental in his future experiences in New Orleans, where he was dedicated to preserving, enriching, and educating others about the local landscaping and architecture that makes our city so special.
As a hardworking and dedicated Director of the Vieux Carre Commission, Steve used his expertise in the French Quarter's architectural landscape to preserve the historical and cultural character of New Orleans's oldest neighborhoods.
Among his many accomplishments in this role, Steve was able to have the golden equestrian statue of Joan of Arc, relocated at Place de France.
Additionally, he worked tirelessly alongside the City Council and Mayor's office to ensure that the integrity of this neighborhood and the needs of its residents were protected, pioneering an effort to keep the French Quarter safe and clean.
Mr. Hand also served the New Orleans community as the Executive Director of the French Market Corp. in 1994, through which he supported the effort to revitalize and renovate the French Market, leading this historical landmark to flourish in our city's economy.
Steve Hand's legacy will continue to live on through the spirit of this city, which he loved so dearly.
It will live on through all of the people, the long-lasting friendships that he made and cultivated, and those whose lives he touched around the Nation.
Most importantly, Steve Hand's legacy will live on through his dear, loving family: Bear, his goldendoodle; his brother Edward S. Hand and sister-in-law Susan O. Hand; three nieces Samantha Fratus, Lindsley Rice, and Bailey Jeffrey and their families around the world.
Stephen Burdick Hand is an inspiration to all those who dedicate their lives to serving their community.
I, too, hope to carry his legacy with me as I continue to serve the people.