Mr. KELLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Perry Markel Whittington, a cherished husband, father, and grandfather who passed away peacefully on May 3, 2024, at the age of 74 Born on August 17, 1949, in Braxton, Mississippi, to Charles Hansford Whittington and Della Pierce Whittington, Markel and his twin brother, Mark, were the youngest in a family of ten children.
Markel graduated from Harrisville High School in 1967 and went on to receive a degree in business administration from Mississippi College in 1971.
He began his professional career at McRae's department store in 1969, eventually rising to the position.
It was here that he met Elizabeth ``Libby'' Owens, who would become his wife.
The couple married in the summer of 1974 in Pensacola, FL, and later settled in Tupelo, MS.
In 1979, Markel left McRae's to purchase and manage Middleton Office Products.
Tupelo was where Markel and Libby chose to raise their family, becoming active members of the First United Methodist Church and forging lasting friendships Markel also contributed to the community as a board member of Alpha House and the Boy Scouts of America, receiving the Silver Beaver Award.
A committed Rotarian since 1979, he was honored as a Paul Harris Fellow by Rotary International.
Markel also dedicated many years to public service as a City Councilman for Ward 1, serving from 2009 to 2021.
Above all, Markel was devoted to his family.
He cherished his role as a husband, father, and grandfather, finding great joy in life's simple moments with his grandchildren.
Markel was preceded in death by his wife Libby, his parents, his siblings Joy, Carolyn, and Bill, and his sisters-in-law Betty, Sally, and Opal Whittington.
He is survived by his sons, Preston Markel (Anna) and Pierce Marion (Brittney), grandchildren Stanley Pierce, Catherine Elizabeth, Charlotte Elliott, and Francis ``Frankie'' Rhodes, brothers Charlie, Ken, Floyd, Bill, Keith, Mark, his favorite cousin Elton, and his beloved dog, Magnolia Blue ``Maggie.''