Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a pillar of the community, Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church.
Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church has served as a catalyst for the African-American growth in Washington County and the State.
The history and purpose of the Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church is to participate and promote the Kingdom of God through Jesus Christ in evangelism, discipleship, Christian education, missions, ministries, social service, and any other objective that the church may consider to be appropriate and desirable.
The Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church was established in 1911 when a group of members chose to leave First Baptist Church, located in Greenville, Mississippi, and start anew.
Namely, Deacon John Gray, Deacon John Collins, Deacon Robert Moore, and his wife, Sister C.L. Bean, who were all members of Penthian Hall, begin to hold church meetings in the association's building, located on Cately and Nelson Streets.
They eventually moved to 502 Nelson Street, currently known as Doe's Eat Place.
In January 1926, ``Hinds Street'' was founded at its present site under the late Rev. Lynke Williams.
In 1954, Hinds Street underwent a new look with new restorations and 1955 became a new dawning for the Church.
A new pastor was elected, Rev. E.D. Simpson, and a massive renovation took place.
The renovation led to a desire to rename the church.
Henceforth, it became known as the Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church.
In 1994, the Church committed to continuous improvement of the building.
As improvements were made, the church also elected Youth Pastor, Rev. Cedric Reed.
Sadly, the year brought the end of era.
Rev. E.D. Simpson passed away in October 1994, thus bringing an end to the longest tenured Pastorate of the church, In March 1995, Rev. Thomas Morris, Sr. became the Pastor.
Then, Mr. Frank Seid and married couple, Napolean and Maurice Thomas, donated property to the church for expansion.
Throughout the years, the Church purchased several portions of land in the surrounding neighborhood.
In October, the Hinds Street Baptist Church Community Development Corporation was established.
In 1997, the church acquired additional property at 434 Hinds Street.
In 1999, 
Mr. George Lynch generously donated property at the corner of Hinds and Alexander Streets to the church.
In March 2002, the church broke ground for the Greater Hinds Street Church Family Life Center.
In the fall of 2012, the church purchased a small 4-unit apartment complex and a vacant lot across the street, aiming to renew the building for future use and benefit to the church and community.
A community garden has since been established on the vacant lot.
In 2013, renovations began to update both the Church and the Family Life Center.
This effort, aimed at reinforcing the unity of the church and its facilities, supported spiritual growth and community service.
Countless individuals have been baptized and converted to Jesus Christ for the forgiveness and remission of sin.
The church's history is storied with decades long service and contributions by numerous members and friends, who are God-fearing and God-loving, both named and unnamed.