I have not had that chance, but I would be delighted to do so.
Scottish education is, of course, devolved to the SNP Government.
SNP Members should think long and hard about the fact that they have claimed that it is their No. 1 priority and yet the attainment gap is growing.
Working-class kids’ education and exam results were explicitly downgraded by the serving First Minister.
We would be delighted to partner with anyone across these islands who wants to increase educational opportunity for our young people.
What steps his Department is taking to support economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
The Scotland Office is playing a key role in driving economic growth in Scotland, ensuring that our new industrial strategy works for Scotland and securing Harland & Wolff’s future to protect hundreds of jobs in Arnish and Methil, and I led the cross-Government ministerial taskforce to secure £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for Grangemouth.
Over the next 10 years the UK Government will directly invest £1.4 billion in local growth projects in Scotland.
From the V&A in Dundee and the town centre of Elgin to a freeport on the Forth and local travel in Paisley, our plan for change will bring growth to every part of Scotland.
The formal redundancy consultation process started last week for laboratories and stores at the Grangemouth site, with emergency response and other shared services consultations also about to start.
The redundancies are due to Petroineos serving notice to end shared services contracts because of the imminent refinery closure.
The Prime Minister has announced a   support package, guaranteeing workers’ incomes for 18 months.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the shared services workers who are about to lose their jobs at the Grangemouth site because of the refinery closure that they too will be eligible for the package of income guarantee and for reskilling support from Forth Valley college?