The Secretary of State said that the questions just asked were similar.
Well, we did not get an answer on either of our two attempts, so I might try on farming.
Scotland’s beef sector is at the heart of Scottish agriculture, with 80% of the country’s agricultural land grazing land, yet domestic beef production levels are set to reduce by 5%, with a 12% increase in imports expected to meet our forecasted demand.
It is clear that this Government’s tax changes could not come at a worse time for Scotland’s farmers.
Will the Minister please stand up for Scotland’s farmers and make the case to stop this madness?
The hon.
Gentleman is perfectly aware that 73% of agricultural property relief claims each year are for less than £1 million, so almost three quarters of those claiming the relief are expected to be entirely unaffected.
According to the latest data from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, 40% of APR is claimed by just 7% of estates making claims, meaning that just 117 estates across the UK were claiming more than £200 million in relief in 2021-22.
Farmers will still be able to pass down their farms to future generations, just as they always have done.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on businesses in Scotland.
Properly funding public services and restoring economic stability requires difficult decisions on tax, which is why we are asking employers to contribute more.
Stabilising the public finances is the only way to create the long-term stability in which businesses can thrive.
The Government recognise the need to protect the smallest businesses, which is why we have more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that more than half of small businesses will either gain or be unaffected.
A constituent has told me about one of their clients, which is a care home owner that is facing an increase in operating costs of £70,000 a year as a result of the national insurance contributions increase.
Most of the business’s caring staff work part time, which suits their family circumstances.
However, for each part-time member of staff, the business must pay an additional £615 a year as a result of the change to the national insurance contributions threshold in the Government’s October Budget.
In Mid Dunbartonshire, and across the UK, there is growing demand for social care.
What will the Government do to help businesses in the care sector that have been hit by these increased staffing costs at a time of significant rises?
I am sure that the hon.
Member, and Members across the House, will join me in paying tribute to Scotland’s social care workers for the incredible contribution they make.
Social care is of course a devolved matter.
The Scottish Government have now received the largest budget settlement in the whole history of devolution, as well as support for additional employer national insurance costs.
The Scottish Government can choose to deliver that additional support for social care, and I very much hope that they do so.
The impact of net changes in the Budget is £5.2 billion more for Scotland.
That is record funding to invest in our NHS, protect the successes of devolution and fix our local services, but the Scottish Government have squandered the latter opportunity by continuing to underfund our councils, leaving Falkirk council with a £28 million hole to plug after eight years of SNP control.
Does the Minister agree that the £5.2 billion secured for Scotland by the Labour Government could have been used to fix local government, but instead the SNP  has chosen to leave the people of Falkirk to pick up  the bill?
Not only do I agree with my hon.
Friend that the SNP Government are at risk of squandering this historic opportunity for Scotland, but I stress that the SNP Government might like to ask their Members of Parliament why they voted against this historic Budget in Scotland’s interests.