It is great to see the Justice Secretary back in the country after her holiday in Texas.
If she can find time to travel to America, why can she not find time to travel to the two category A prisons—[Interruption.]
I will be pleased to hear from the right hon.
Lady if that is the case.
That was not the answer to our written parliamentary question the other day.
Today, the central criminal court has 13 courtrooms sat empty.
In Preston, 40% of courtrooms sit empty, and in Winchester the figure is two thirds.
That is a result of the court backlog, which has grown under this Justice Secretary.
We need to be maximising court capacity, taking full advantage of all available days and probing the judiciary for options to create more capacity.
I know that, and I would like to believe that the right hon.
Lady knows that, but how did we get here?
We got here because, just like in every other area, this Labour Government came into office with no plan whatsoever, and they have wasted their first eight months in office.
Upon the Justice Secretary entering office, the Lady Chief Justice informed her that there were at least 6,500 sitting days available to address the court backlog.
The Justice Secretary responded by adding a measly 500 sitting days, and the court backlog kept growing.
So frustrated was the Lady Chief Justice that she came to Parliament in November and took the unusual step of publicly chastising the Justice Secretary, and reiterated her offer of 6,500 sitting days.
The Justice Secretary responded a month later by adding 2,000 sitting days, and the court backlog kept growing.
Here we are again, eight months on from the Justice Secretary taking office and on the very day that the Public Accounts Committee has published an excoriating report into her Department, with her promising more sitting days.
Is it third time lucky for the Justice Secretary?
No.
What we have learned again today is that she is still turning down available sitting days, and astonishingly, she has conceded that the court backlog will keep on rising.
That is simply not acceptable.
Of course, I welcome the changes made by the Justice Secretary, but they are not enough.
She says that victims will get quicker justice—tell that to the victims of rape who are having their court cases listed for 2028.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Please, I need to be able to hear the shadow Lord Chancellor, and when Government Front Benchers shout for so long, I cannot hear.
I will decide whether a statement is in order or not—are we understanding each other?
I do not pretend that cutting the court backlog is easy, or that it will be quick, but the Justice Secretary owes the country a plan and a timetable for when that backlog is actually going to fall.
This morning, she was repeatedly asked that question, but refused to give an answer.
Can she tell the country now  when the court backlog will begin to fall, by what date her Department has forecast it falling, and why she will not take up the 2,500 additional sitting days offered time and time again by the Lady Chief Justice?
Lastly, the new sentencing guidelines published alongside this statement will make a custodial sentence less likely for those “from an ethnic minority, cultural minority, and/or faith minority community”.
Why is the Justice Secretary enshrining this double standard—this two-tier approach to sentencing?
It is an inversion of the rule of law.
Conservative Members believe in equality under the law; why does she not?
The shadow Secretary of State asked, “How did we get here?”
I will tell him how we got here—his Administration and the 14 years they had in power, and the absolute mess they made of the criminal justice system; a mess that this Government are clearing up.
I am sorry to deprive him of what I am sure he thought was a clever attack line on my recent visit to Texas, but I can inform him that I have in fact visited HM Prison Manchester.
I did so during the February recess.
[Interruption.]
Order.
As I said to Members on the Government Benches, I do need to hear.
The right hon.
Gentleman should welcome our seeking to learn from a tough law and order state in America, which 20 years ago had the same problems that we inherited from his Administration, and which has embarked on criminal justice reform that has seen reoffending at a level that we could only dream of in this country.
He should seek to learn from other countries, as we are.
If his Government had done so when they were in power, we would not have such a big mess to clear up in the criminal justice system.
The right hon.
Gentleman referred to courtrooms sitting empty; one reason why is that one of his Government’s last acts on leaving office was to fund only 106,000 sitting days.
I have lifted that number, and today the number of Crown court sitting days is at a record high, funded by this Labour Government.
More courtrooms will be put to use.
He will also know that to run the system efficiently, the normal practice is that some courtrooms will not be in use to cope with the flux in demand.
However, as a result of today’s decision, more courtrooms will be in use than was ever the case under his Administration.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked what I have been doing and what is the plan.
When I came into office, the first thing I did was immediately to increase the number of sitting days by 500, up from 106,000 when his Government left office.
I then made a further allocation and increased that again by 2,000 before Christmas—making progress on the Crown court backlog and picking up the pieces of the mess that his Government left behind.
He will know that the changes that I made to magistrates court sentencing powers have also freed up capacity in the Crown courts.
We have increased funding for criminal legal aid by £92 million so that we have the money to underpin the system.
That is action.
That is an increase in sitting days in-year and an unprecedented increase in sitting days for next year.
That is what this Labour Government are delivering.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also know that even if we were sitting at the maximum judicial capacity—he rightly referred to that, as did the Lady Chief Justice in Parliament—that backlog would still rise, because the demand in the system is fast outstripping the pace at which cases are being disposed of.
Knowing that, it would be unconscionable if I stood before this House and behaved as if resources alone would fix the problem.
That is why Sir Brian Leveson is considering once-in-a-generation reform of our Crown courts.
The combination of the steps that I have already taken, the funding that I have allocated and the review that will lead to once-in-a-generation reform—that is what a plan looks like to fix the mess that the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left behind.
It is a plan that they could have had in place when they were in government, but they failed to do so, and now they carp from the sidelines when someone else is getting on with the job.
Finally, as somebody from an ethnic minority background, I do not stand for any differential treatment before the law for anyone.
There will never be a two-tier sentencing approach under my watch or under this Labour Government.