The Prime Minister is absolutely right when he says that the first responsibility of this Government is to protect our national security and keep our citizens safe.
The last time that defence spending was at 2.5% of GDP was under the last Labour Government.
Scotland is a leader in the defence industry.
Just this week, I had the pleasure of visiting JFD in Renfrew, which works with the Royal Navy to design, manufacture and operate world-class submarine rescue systems.
From Babcock and BAE Systems to small businesses and start-ups, I am determined that Scotland leads the way in building our military industrial base.
Given that the defence sector already supports more than 20,000 jobs in Scotland, as well as hundreds in Harlow, does the Secretary of State agree that the Government’s commitment to increase defence spending will also help to grow Scotland’s economy and create more skilled jobs?
For years the defence sector in Scotland has been at the forefront of creating skilled, well-paid jobs, despite the SNP’s refusal to stand up and back UK defence.
This week is Scottish Apprenticeship Week, and I hope that those on both sides of the House—particularly Members from Scotland—will join me in paying tribute to Scotland’s wonderful defence sector apprentices, who do a great job at not just keeping our country safe, but helping our economies grow and building the skills base of Scotland’s future.
A proper industrial strategy is key to economic growth, which is why industry has been asking for support for many years.
My constituents in Newcastle-under-Lyme were failed by the Tories, and the people of  Scotland have been failed by the SNP since 2007.
Can the Minister set out what work the Scotland Office has done to ensure that a new national industrial strategy delivers for Scotland, as well as for the good people of Newcastle-under-Lyme?
The Scottish Government and SNP Members seem to think that defending the defence industry is done on Twitter.
This Government inherited not just a fiscal crisis but an industrial one, because we have had well over 10 years without a clear industrial strategy.
I was pleased recently to meet the chair of the Industrial Strategy Advisory Council, and I welcomed my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary to Scotland last month to meet business leaders at the forefront of Scotland’s industrial future.
This Government have already delivered, among other things, £200 million for Grangemouth, £2.6 million for the V&A in Dundee, and job security for 300 skilled workers at Harland & Wolff’s shipyards in Methil and Arnish.
Just this morning, we announced £55 million for the Cromarty Green freeport to expand its capability for floating offshore wind.
That is the commitment to growth that this Government make to the country.
The SNP Government continue to be opposed to nuclear energy, despite the huge economic benefits it would bring to Scotland.
We can see that in the jobs and investment that the Torness power station generates.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that investing in nuclear would help bring down bills for our consumers, help the environment and create many more jobs?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Gentleman.
Our nuclear policy in Scotland should allow us to have nuclear power to bring down bills and give us energy security.
Of course, he is also right that the SNP is against nuclear power in Scotland, but very happy to take the baseload from England.
The Scotch whisky industry is central to the economic growth of Scotland, and I was very pleased to hear from the Dispatch Box yesterday that the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is not moving forward with its consultation on single malts.
However, can the Secretary of State explain why we were in that position in the first place?
What discussions were had between DEFRA and the Scotland Office before that consultation was opened?
I agree with the hon.
Lady about the commitment given by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury at the Dispatch Box yesterday, and I reiterate that the only watering down of whisky in Scotland will be the little bit of water that some put in to taste.