When this Government took office eight months ago, we received an inheritance from the Conservative Government that was little short of disgraceful: our prisons were in crisis, on the edge of collapse, and our courts faced a record and rising backlog.
While the crisis in our prisons was more obvious and visible, the harm caused by the backlog in our courts cannot be overestimated.
Today, the backlog stands at over 73,000 cases.
Just five years earlier, it had been half that figure.
We should stop and consider that fact, because the backlog is far more than a number.
Behind each case is a victim.
Many have waited years for justice and some will now not have their cases heard until 2028.
With delays that long, it is little wonder that more victims are dropping out, and tragically that is true of victims of the most heinous crimes.
Just five years ago, around 3% of adult rape victims whose cases were due to go to trial dropped out before their case was heard.
Today, that figure has more than doubled.
An old adage has sadly come true in this country: for far too many, justice delayed is justice denied.
Unlike our predecessors, who allowed this backlog to rise and rise, this Government will bear down on it.
We will deliver swifter justice for the victims of crime.
That starts today with a record investment in our criminal courts.
Each financial year, the Government determine the total number of days that can be sat across all our courts and tribunals, commonly referred to as sitting days.
This process is called the concordat.
Last year, I committed to concluding the process earlier than in previous years to give our courts greater certainty.
We have now done so, several months ahead of last year’s settlement, so today I can announce that the Government will provide a total budget of £2.5 billion for our courts and tribunals in the next financial year.
That represents a record level of investment, which will fund up to 110,000 sitting days in our Crown courts—4,000 more days than the previous Government funded last year.
If the shadow Lord Chancellor would like to check the record books, he will find no higher allocation in recorded history.
Beyond the Crown court, investment in the family and civil courts brings those jurisdictions to, or close to, their maximum capacity, and the investment in court capacity is matched by an investment in court maintenance.
Our courts have been allowed to fall into a shocking state of disrepair in recent years, so this Government will boost funding to £148.5 million, up from £128 million last year.
That will be the highest figure spent on maintenance and capital works in the last 10 years, building on a consistent theme of this new Government, and it is a marked difference when compared with our predecessors.
In our first eight months in office, we have consistently invested more in the courts than the last Conservative Government.
On entering office, I immediately funded 500 sitting days on top of the allocation provided by the  previous Lord Chancellor.
At the end of last year, when resources allowed, I added a further 2,000 sitting days.
In October, this Government also increased the sentencing powers of magistrates courts; previously, they could impose only a six-month prison sentence, which we lifted to 12 months.
In doing so, we freed up capacity in the Crown court to hear the most serious cases.
That single change was equivalent to adding another 2,000 sitting days in our Crown courts.
All those changes are necessary for the swift delivery of justice.
However, I must be honest, in a way that my predecessors never were: this investment is necessary, but it is not sufficient to reduce the Crown court backlog.
Even with record levels of funding, if we do not take other, bolder measures, the backlog will grow.
With a growing number of cases entering our courts and cases of increasing complexity being heard in front of our judges, we cannot simply do more of the same: we must do things differently.
In December, I appointed Sir Brian Leveson, one of our most distinguished judges, to conduct a wholesale review of our criminal courts.
The review will propose long-term reform as well as reviewing the efficiency and timeliness of court processes from charge all the way through to case completion.
Crucially, I have also asked Sir Brian to address something that too many others have avoided: the question of structural reform.
Today, 10% of criminal cases are heard in a Crown court, where a judge presides and a jury decides.
Jury trials are a pillar of our justice system for the most serious offences, and that will never change.
However, we must ask ourselves whether they are hearing cases that could be handled equally well elsewhere.
Some cases can already be heard in either a Crown court or a magistrates court, which we call “triable either way” cases.
Those represent 40% of the courts backlog, but while a conviction—whether determined by a jury or a magistrate—is the same regardless of the type of courtroom, the demand that it places on our justice system is very different indeed.
An either-way case is resolved by magistrates five times faster than before a judge and jury.
Justice must be done and criminals must always face consequences—on that, I know this House will agree—but we must be willing to ask whether a judge and jury should be occupied, at great length and expense, with crimes that could be dealt with more swiftly elsewhere.
For that reason, I have asked Sir Brian to consider the case for reclassifying some less serious offences, whether magistrates’ sentencing powers are sufficient and the case for a new court to sit between the magistrates court and the Crown court.
His recommendations will come later this spring.
His goal and mine are one: to bear down on the backlog and deliver swifter justice for victims.
The consequences of failing to do so are all too clear—the backlog in the criminal courts will rise, cases will be listed even further into the future, and more victims of crime will decide that the wait is too painful with justice so distant, and as a result, dangerous criminals will walk free.
Today, we have announced a record investment in our courts: 110,000 sitting days funded, which is 4,000 more than the previous Administration funded.
For many victims, their case will be heard sooner, but if we are to deliver swifter justice for all, we must embrace reform.
This Government will deliver once-in-a-generation reform  of our courts, and we will reverse the decline and the delays of the last Conservative Government.
I commend this statement to the House.
I can always help by reopening Chorley court for you.