I was pleased that in the meeting last week we did discuss an economic deal and agreed that our teams would indeed sit down rapidly to talk through a deal.
That is what they are doing.
As the right hon.
Lady rightly says, that is far better than getting drawn into conflict in relation to tariffs.
I am glad that the Prime Minister has confirmed that those talks have started.
People across our country are worried—worried about national security; worried about whether we can equip our military fast enough; and worried about whether we will deploy troops in Ukraine, and whether we will be able to keep the peace.
They are also worried about our economic security—can we afford all this?
The world is changing fast and we need an entirely new approach to our economy and our energy security.
The Budget last year halted growth with higher taxes and higher borrowing.
Yesterday, farmers were protesting in Whitehall again.
People are hurting.
Will the Prime Minister now change course so we can have the economic security that we know we need for our national security?
We were doing so well.
[Laughter.]
What we inherited was insecurity in our economy.
We inherited a £22 billion black hole, and we have now turned that around.
We have got the highest investment coming into our economy.
We have got wages higher than prices, and interest rates have been cut three times.
That is the difference between stability with Labour and instability with the Conservative party.
I commend the Prime Minister for the decisive leadership that he has shown in Europe and at home to bolster our collective security.
The £13.4 billion increase in defence spending has been very much welcomed in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister outline how that increase in defence spending will boost jobs and growth in places such as Stevenage, and will he join me in visiting some of my constituency’s businesses?
Our plan for change is built on national security and that has to go hand in hand with economic security.
As we return to 2.5% for the first time since the last Labour Government, that investment must mean UK skills, UK jobs and UK apprenticeships.
I was very pleased that on Monday we were able to announce a new hub and new spending targets to help 12,000 small and medium-sized enterprises access the supply chain, which will boost economic growth.
That will be really important in so many constituencies—and of course I will consider my hon.
Friend’s invitation.