The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the Government’s defence spending plans on Scotland.
I am sure that the whole House will wish to pay tribute to the artist Jack Vettriano, who sadly died this week.
He was the son of a Methil miner who taught himself to paint, and our country is a little less colourful for his passing.
May I express my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, and to Members throughout the House for the many kind words following the birth of my daughter Loïs?
She was born at home two hours before the midwives could arrive, so I suppose it could be said that I am delivering for Scotland.
A number of Members have asked me consistently how I am coping with the tears, snotters and tantrums, but I remind them that I have been on paternity leave, so have not had time to keep up with Scottish National party selection dramas.
It has been an historic week for our country.
I know that the people of Scotland stand with Ukraine, and will recognise the importance of the Government’s decision to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP.
The Prime Minister’s leadership on the world stage should be a source of pride for all who value Britain’s role as a defender of democracy and a partner for European peace.
Scotland has never been more ready to play its part in defending the UK and our allies.
Scotland’s world-class defence industry will play a key role in rebuilding Britain’s military capabilities, and during my visit to Babcock at Rosyth I saw at first hand how defence spending benefits Scotland’s small and medium-sized enterprises.
However, investment in Scotland’s defence SMEs lags far behind that in the rest of the United Kingdom, accounting for just 2.5% of the total spending of the Ministry of Defence, largely owing to the hostile environment created by the Scottish National party.
How is the Secretary of State working with the MOD and Scotland’s defence industry to unleash Scotland’s SMEs and enhance our nation’s defence capabilities?