Somerset Crown court in Taunton was closed in 2023, after work began in 2022 because items were falling on people’s heads from the ceiling.
We have just been told that it will be closed for another year, during which victims of crime will have to travel tens of miles further.
Some court users are even sleeping under a bush because they cannot travel back and forth.
We need to get our Crown court open again, so will the Lord Chancellor please consider expediting these works?
I will ensure that the hon.
Gentleman has a meeting with the courts Minister, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green
(Sarah Sackman) , to discuss the situation in Taunton.
I am slightly worried about Conservative Members, who appear to be the arsonists complaining that the fire brigade has turned up too late to put out the fire, when they were the ones who lit it in the first place.
I worry that they do not understand the scale and magnitude of the challenge that they left behind, which I have heard about from constituents who have been waiting years for their court cases.
It is getting worse.
It is getting worse.
If the right hon.
Gentleman spent more time providing leadership, rather than auditioning for it, he would own up to his failures in the House, and admit that the Conservatives left the country in a mess.
Courts are not run just by judges; there are many support staff in courts who make the system work.
What cross-governmental conversations has the Lord Chancellor had about ensuring that those staff are available, so that as many courts as possible are operational?
[Interruption.]
The shadow Lord Chancellor is having such fun with his audition for leadership that it would be a shame to deprive him of it.
My hon.
Friend has said that Conservative Members do not understand the mess that they have left behind, but I wonder whether they simply do not want to understand it.
Members of a party that was willing to reckon with the mistakes it made in office would at least have started with some humility—and, perhaps, an apology for the mess they left behind.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the need for a whole-system approach.
One reason why the backlog is scheduled to become worse, no matter how many Crown court sitting days are provided, is the influx of cases into the system, which is actually a good thing, because it means that the police are doing their job and prosecutions are being brought, but even at maximum capacity, demand is far outstripping the disposal of cases.
The case mix is more complex, and that requires a system-wide response, which the Government are providing.
When does the Lord Chancellor expect the additional places to start bearing down on the remand population?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: the remand population is growing, and currently stands at 17,000.
That has a big impact on prison capacity, which is why I increased magistrates court sentencing powers a few months ago, why I have increased the number of Crown court sitting days, and why we have a record allocation next year.
The demand coming into the system is one of the reasons why bearing down on remand has been particularly challenging, but we continue to work on it with the judiciary; listings are, of course, a matter for the independent judiciary.
I expected a little more humility from Conservative Members, who left a legacy of chaos in our prisons and a huge court backlog.
What we are dealing with, fundamentally, is the backlog that they left behind.
My right hon.
Friend has set out a process for dealing with this growing backlog, but ultimately the blame lies at the door of the Conservative party, which left the place in chaos.
Should we not be hearing an apology from Conservative Members?
Sorry does seem to be the hardest word for Opposition Members, and I have long since stopped waiting for that apology.
All I would observe—I say this with experience of 14 years of opposition under my belt—is that parties that do not acknowledge their mistakes and sort themselves out rarely get elected.
In welcoming the statement, I reserve judgment on whether we need an additional court—an intermediate court—particularly if it will be resourced from the existing magistrates and Crown court system.
Following on from the question from  the right hon.
Member for Stone, Great Wyrley and Penkridge (Sir Gavin Williamson) , we have a backlog in England and Northern Ireland, and people are on remand for too long.
Increasingly, people are being released following a conviction with time served, and there is no opportunity whatsoever for rehabilitation.
Will the opportunity to rehabilitate offenders while they are on remand form part of the Brian Leveson review?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise issues relating to remand.
We do have a problem with the remand population, which is why I have made the changes that I have highlighted, and why both reviews—the one being conducted by Sir Brian Leveson, which looks at once-in-a-generation court reform, and the one by David Gauke and the independent panel, which looks at sentencing—are so crucial.
It is essential that we not only bear down on the Crown court backlog, but get our prison capacity back into balance and have a sustainable prison system in this country.
Criminal justice was an easy target for Tory austerity cuts, which always impact the people with the smallest voice.
Rape victims in Truro and Falmouth have told me that they have waited years for their cases to be heard and had hearings cancelled at the last minute, so I very much welcome this investment.
Could I have more detail about the case for a new court that would sit between magistrates court and Crown court, and how that might work?
On the possibility of a court that sits between the magistrates and Crown courts, Sir Brian is considering that.
My hon.
Friend will understand why I want to wait until he has made his recommendations, but that is one of a range of ways in which we could change policy in order to bear down on the Crown courts backlog in the long term.
We will consider his recommendations and bring forward legislation for those that we want to take forward in the spring.
I absolutely hear what my hon.
Friend says about the terrible experience of victims who have their cases cancelled on the day, and about the impact on rape victims in particular.
We have already fulfilled our manifesto commitment to having independent legal advisers for victims of rape, so that their rights in law are always protected.
The Lord Chancellor has been in office for eight months today.
Although her announcement of additional sitting days is welcome, it is regrettable that she did not make this statement seven months ago.
There is only so long that she can blame the last Government for the Crown court backlog.
We all know that the pandemic was largely responsible for the substantial increase.
We know that the Lady Chief Justice has offered the Lord Chancellor a further 2,500 sitting days.
Why is she not taking advantage of that?
There are currently too many people on remand for too long, and it is clear that even the announcement that she made today will not lead to a reduction in the  backlog, so we need structural change.
Will the Lord Chancellor give serious consideration to the creation of an intermediate court, so that we can reduce the backlog more quickly?
I gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that the concordat process, which I have concluded with today’s announcement, has concluded earlier than the one that I inherited from his party would have done, so we have been cracking on.
I have been getting on with the job: I increased sitting days immediately, I have taken every opportunity to increase them further, and I have now made a record allocation.
The hon.
Gentleman says that the Lady Chief Justice has offered more sitting days, but he will know that she is not able to offer sitting days.
She is able to comment on maximum judicial capacity, which she has done, as is appropriate.
In order to make sure that sitting days are possible in the Crown courts, I have to consider wider system capacity issues, including the availability of legal aid, prosecutors and defence barristers.
We have 110,000 Crown court sitting days—an unprecedented, record number—and I can say that there is capacity in the system overall, not just judicial capacity, for those days.
Yesterday, the Public Accounts Committee published a report that says that rape and serious sexual offences are taking many years to come to trial.
When I was a shadow Justice Minister, I asked the previous Government day in, day out from the Dispatch Box about what they were doing to reduce the court delays.
For 14 years, they did nothing.
In eight months, this Lord Chancellor has provided 110,000 court sitting days.
Does she agree that the expression that comes to mind is “the pot calling the kettle black”?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that many expressions have come to mind as I have been listening to the drivel from some Conservative Members—not all of which would not fall foul of “Erskine May”, so I will keep my counsel on that.
My hon.
Friend refers to the Public Accounts Committee report, and I gently observe that I was a long-term member of that Committee.
I have the highest regard for the Public Accounts Committee, but I reject its criticism, because this Government clearly have a plan—not just on funding and resources for the Crown court, but on the reform that will ultimately be needed to get the system into balance.
Despite this announcement, the backlog will increase.
When cases do go to court, it is important that offenders serve the sentence they are given.
Following the Lord Chancellor’s trip to Texas, where some prisoners serve as little as 25% of their sentence, will she rule out adopting such a soft sentencing policy?
The Texans had similar problems to those we face today, but they had theirs 20 years or so ago.
Their system of good behaviour credits incentivises offenders to engage in rehabilitation activity and to get help for their drug addictions, alcohol problems, mental health issues and so on.
If offenders engage with that system and get their good behaviour credits, they can earn their way to an earlier parole hearing.
It is the definition of a tough system, because it says to offenders,  “You have to do something good in order to earn the possibility of an earlier release.”
It is a system that is well worth learning from, because the reoffending rates are very low compared with ours.
One of the prisons I visited in Texas has a reoffending rate of 17%.
I dream of that number for us in this country, because every time we bear down on reoffending, that is cutting crime.
It is a strategy for making sure that we have fewer victims in the future.
I hope that if whatever proposals we bring forward lead to a reduction in reoffending, the hon.
Gentleman will back those proposals.
In June 2024, in the dying days of the last Conservative Government and after 14 years of their rule, there emerged a shocking statistic: 60% of rape victims were withdrawing from the court process, mainly because of court delays.
Is that not a damning indictment of all Governments who have taken power in this country?
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to help reduce the number of rape victims taking that awful decision?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the figure that he notes is a damning indictment of the last Conservative Government.
The announcement we have made today will bear down on the courts backlog, and it will mean that some rape victims get their cases heard as cases move through the system more swiftly.
We have already implemented our manifesto commitment on independent legal advisers, because we know that, in addition to delays, one of the things that causes many rape victims to drop out is inappropriate requests for personal information that go beyond what the law requires.
Those independent legal advisers will ensure that rape victims’ rights in law are respected and that the process does not feel like it is retraumatising women who are already going through so much, and who are waiting for their day in court to have justice done.
Harrow Crown court has eight court rooms and could help alleviate the capacity problems.
Sadly, it has been closed since 2023 as a result of finding reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in the roof.
It was supposed to open last year.
That was then moved to April this year, and it is now being said that the court will not open for a further year.
Given the improved funding, could the Justice Secretary look at whether we can speed up the process of bringing that court back into action, and help the people who now have to go to Willesden, Amersham, Southwark and elsewhere in London for their cases to be heard, so that they can get justice at a local level?