This week President Trump has ended military aid to Ukraine, reportedly banned the UK from sharing US intelligence with Ukraine and is now seeking to lift sanctions on Russia to appease Vladimir Putin, a murderous lying dictator.
Regrettably, it is clear that, for now, the US can no longer be relied upon for security and peace in Europe, so will the Prime Minister provide leadership to our allies by urgently making the decision to be the first leader to release seized Russian state assets to Ukraine under the established principle of international law, so that Putin must pay, as the aggressor?
On the question of assets, we are using the interest on the assets to help fund Ukraine and we are looking, with others, at whether it is possible to go further.
Obviously, I will update the House if that is possible.
But I have to say that, at a time when defence  and security in Europe and the UK must be ramped up for all the reasons that the hon.
Gentleman readily understands, the SNP maintaining its position of wanting to get rid of the single most effective deterrent that we have—the nuclear deterrent—really has to be explained in its historical context.
Labour is rolling out free breakfast clubs in primary schools, starting with 750 schools including Scapegoat Hill junior and infant school in my constituency.
Under the Tories, only one in 10 schools had these clubs.
Labour will make them available for all children.
That will help to break down barriers to opportunity for every child.
I know that the Prime Minister is as determined as I am to tear away the link between background and success, so will he update the House on how we will do that through Labour’s plan for change?
Labour promised free breakfast clubs in every primary school, and the first 750 will open in April, giving every child the best start in life through our plan for change.
It will also put up to £450 a year back in the pockets of working families.
I am delighted to say that two of the breakfast clubs will be opening in the constituency of the Leader of the Opposition in April, and I hope she will welcome them when they do.
On Monday, the Prime Minister talked about creating defence jobs across the country as we rebuild our defence industrial capacity.
Will he and the Government bring forward an urgent plan for skills in the defence sector, and does he agree with his Education Secretary that the strategy for defence skills should sit purely under the Department for Education, and not an under-powered Executive agency?