Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP’s reckless pledge to scrap our nuclear deterrent at Faslane threatens our national security at a time of significant international volatility?
The First Minister has said that Trident is of “no tangible or realistic benefit” to our current security challenges.
Does the Secretary of State share my view that that stance is fundamentally naive, and demonstrates that the SNP cannot be trusted with Scotland’s future?
Indeed.
The First Minister is all over the place on defence.
He has suggested that we should increase the of 2.5% of GDP by scrapping Trident, but that is already included in the 2.5%, so it would make no difference whatsoever.
The SNP are not credible at all when it comes to defence in Scotland, and I urge every member of every party in the House to get behind the Prime Minister in our national interest.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the policies in the make work pay plan in Scotland.
The Employment Rights Bill represents the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation, banning zero-hours contracts, ending unscrupulous fire and rehire practices, providing day one protections for paternity leave and against unfair dismissal, and improving access to statutory sick pay.
With International Women’s Day fast approaching, we should remember that it is working women who will benefit disproportionately from this groundbreaking legislation.
That is what change looks like, and that is the difference that a Labour Government make.
Residents throughout my constituency welcome the improvements in workers’ rights, but parents are greatly concerned about the impact of the growing gap in attainment in Scottish schools between the richest and the poorest, and what it means for their children’s ability to find their first jobs.
This week I have been inundated with comments from parents who are worried about the recent Audit Scotland report on support for children with additional needs; it is a disgraceful report.
Can the Minister assure me that she will use whatever influence she has to ensure that the Scottish Government make education a priority?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the concerns of parents who are worried about how their kids will get good jobs.
The SNP has said that a zero- hours contract is “a positive destination” for a school  leaver, but this Labour Government will ban such exploitative contracts.
Labour’s Budget delivered an extra £4.9 billion for Scottish public services, but after 18 years the SNP still does not see Scottish kids as a priority.
It should stand aside, and give Scotland the chance of the new direction that it deserves.