If economic growth in Scotland is to succeed, our world-class universities—the knowledge, the skills and the jobs they provide—will be absolutely vital.
Last week, Edinburgh University announced that it faced a £140 million deficit, which is projected to be the largest in the UK.
That is hugely concerning for my constituents and I am sure also for the Secretary of State.
The principal cited several issues, including the national insurance changes.
This morning, visiting universities told Scottish MPs that they also have funding concerns.
They cited the immigration laws in this country as a disincentive.
What are the Government going to do to stop further damage to this vital sector inhibiting economic growth?
Scottish universities punch above their weight internationally.
They are one of the jewels in the crown of the Scottish economy, and of the Scottish and UK education system.
Of course, Edinburgh University is the best university in the world—the House would expect me to say that as the MP in Edinburgh and as an alumnus.
Let us not hide from the fact—I say this gently to the hon.
Lady—that part of the big funding challenges for the universities is the lack of funding from the Scottish Government, because higher education is devolved.
I will follow that up by very gently saying again that she says she does not want anything in the Budget that raises funds, but she wants to spend it.
I join others in congratulating the Secretary of State on the birth of his daughter.
That is one gain from Labour that even the SNP can endorse!
One of the most important areas that business has identified for growth is a more Scotland-specific approach to migration.
That was touted by Scottish Labour in its manifesto and by its leader, but it was shot down by the UK Government in no time at all, going the same way as the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign, child poverty commitments and the winter fuel payment commitment.
If the UK Government will not listen to Scotland’s Labour leader, why should anybody else?
I am very surprised the hon.
Gentleman did not take the opportunity to apologise for his Twitter rantings at the weekend on foreign policy with regards to the Prime Minister.
He said: “The UK has left itself in an utterly isolated position.”
I think the hon.
Gentleman left himself in an utterly isolated position.
This Government are completely committed to economic growth and to transforming lives in Scotland.
We are already seeing the fruits of that in the Scottish context.
I ask the SNP either to get behind that, or to give Scotland a new direction and get out of the way.
If the Secretary of State had bothered to read in more depth, he would have seen that I was saying something that he once agreed with: leaving the EU has left us more isolated.
He once agreed with me about that, before he went into government—but then, he agreed with me on other things before he went into government, such as tackling fuel poverty and tackling child poverty.
Is the Secretary of State no longer worried about those issues and more worried about league tables?
Is he more worried about being in the relegation zone?
Do you know what is really interesting, Mr Speaker?
Throughout all of this, not once has he stood up for his leader.
That makes me think that we should not listen to his leader—because Labour Members are not listening to their leader any more.
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
I lost the thread of that question about halfway through, but one thing I did take from it is that it was absolutely identical to the question from the Tory shadow Secretary of State.
That tells you all you need to know.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on levels of employment in Scotland.
Economic growth is the Government’s No. 1 mission.
These changes to national insurance contributions are being made in the context of a resilient labour market, with the estimated employment rate up 0.9 percentage points over the last quarter of 2024.
We are creating jobs and opportunities through our plan for change and truly making work pay, to help raise living standards right across the UK.
The Labour Government’s decision to hike national insurance is a cost on businesses before they even open their doors.
I have spoken to many businesses across my constituency in recent months, and all have said how worried they are about the changes.
In response to my recent business survey, one large business said  that it is now looking to cut up to 25 jobs because of the NICs changes, and that it is beyond belief that the Labour Government have decided to do this.
Given that this example will be replicated in constituencies across Scotland, including the Minister’s, can she really stand at the Dispatch Box and say she believes in this policy, which so directly hits jobs, employment and growth across Scotland?
I do believe in this policy, in the same way I believe in all the announcements we made in the Budget.
As is so often the case with Conservative Members, they will the ends of the Budget but not the means.
If the hon.
Lady wants changes to the public services that people in both our constituencies rely on, we need to have the revenue to pay for them.
That is what this Budget was all about: cleaning up the mess we inherited and getting the investment into public services that is so desperately required.
As we know, one of the best ways to grow employment in Scotland is through apprenticeships.
A few weeks ago, this UK Labour Government announced changes to apprenticeships in England that will allow businesses to work more closely with colleges and other skills providers to ensure there is a job at the end of apprenticeships.
In Scotland, meanwhile, all we see is stagnation in skills policy, which is reducing opportunities for young people in my constituency and across the country.
Will the Minister make every effort to press the Scottish Government to properly reform apprenticeships in Scotland and give young people and others the opportunities they need and deserve?
I certainly will.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all he does to promote apprentices and skills, and particularly apprentices in our defence industry, who are doing so much to keep Scotland, the UK and, indeed, the world safe.