Meur ras ha gool Peran lowen—happy St Piran’s day—to the hundreds of thousands of people in Cornwall and around the world who are celebrating it today.
Will the Prime Minister confirm our Government’s commitment to national minority status for Cornwall, and will he join me in wishing Cornish folk the world over a very happy St Piran’s day?
Yes, let me wish my hon.
Friend, his constituents and everyone in Cornwall a very happy St Piran’s day.
We do recognise Cornish national minority status—not just the proud language, history and culture of Cornwall, but its bright future.
I know that he and Cornish colleagues will continue to be powerful voices for Cornwall.
Four weeks ago, the Northern Ireland coroner accused British soldiers of unlawful killing after they engaged with IRA would-be murderers.
After careful reading, as far as I can see, that judgment was based on no evidence whatsoever.
More than 100 special forces soldiers have been summoned before those inquiries; not one IRA leader has been summoned in the same way.
Soldiers who serve our country with honour, heroism and skill are being punished in their declining years for doing nothing but carrying out their patriotic duty in the face of enormous risks.
Given how the Prime Minister opened his comments, with which I associate myself, does he not think that he and his Government have a duty to protect those soldiers from such partisan parodies of justice in their declining years?
On the coroner’s ruling, I have not seen the details, I am afraid, so I cannot comment.
On the broader point, it is right that we should protect those who serve our country, wherever they serve our country—getting the balance right is critical.
I did not think that the legislation put forward by the Conservative Government achieved that, but I believe none the less that, in the interests of everybody in Northern Ireland, of all those who served and all those who are victims, we need to renew our efforts to find a way forward on this important issue.
My constituents in Hastings, Rye and the villages are fed up with the constant failures of Southern Water: dumping sewage in our sea, flooding, and leaving us without water for days—all while taking huge bonuses.
We on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee have been hauling in the water bosses one by one and hearing about their failures.
The boss of Southern Water finally agreed to give my constituents millions in compensation for a major water outage.
Will the Prime Minister tell me how the Labour Government are cracking down on the bad behaviour of the water industry?
I applaud my hon.
Friend for her dedicated work on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and in her constituency.
Last week, our Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 became law.
It gives new powers to ban the payment of bonuses for polluting water bosses and bring criminal charges against lawbreakers.
We are determined to fix our broken water system after years of companies pumping sewage into our waterways and infrastructure not keeping pace with demand.
I pay tribute to the Prime Minister for his efforts to bring Europe together to ensure that we work to restore peace in Ukraine.
The war in Ukraine has also demonstrated the need for greater food security and stronger supply chains, but if the Government force our farmers to sell their land because of the divisive family farm tax, they will undermine that.
Ahead of the spring statement, will he think that policy through again and seek to end it?
National security needs food security, farming and farmers.
We put a record amount into farming in the Budget—£5 billion.
We have set out our road map for farming, which has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, the vast majority of farms will not be affected by the provisions that we are putting in place.
For months, my constituents in Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme have been telling me how fed up they are with not being able to get an appointment because of the 8 am scramble.
The last thing they need when they are ill is to have to pick up the phone and wait, and fight again to be first.
It is great news that the Government’s new GP contract will start to resolve that, but can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents who cannot use technology that they will still be able to book an appointment?
Last week, for the first time in four years, the British Medical Association agreed the GP contract with the Government, worth an extra £889 million.
Patients will be able to request appointments online from October, but I absolutely reassure my hon.
Friend and others that that will free up the phones for those who need them most, and help end the 8 am scramble.
Under his Labour Government, does the Prime Minister believe that the UK’s estimated 3 million millionaires should contribute more to our vital national security, or is it just the world’s poorest, by no longer benefiting from our international aid programmes, or the shameful almost 6 million children living in poverty in this country who should pay for it?
What happened to the wealth tax, Prime Minister?
I think all should, and all do, make a contribution at this vital time.
These are delicate moments for the country, and the Prime Minister has led with British values, moral courage and decency, as a  true statesman, and with skilled and careful diplomacy.
All elected politicians in this House must appreciate that everything we say could impact that diplomacy, so does the Prime Minister agree that a united House could help us to achieve a lasting peace?
Let me broaden out my hon.
Friend’s words to the whole House, because it is hugely to the credit of this House that it is speaking loudly, in a united way and with one voice in the face of Russian aggression.
That is why we must have lasting peace based on the sovereignty and security of Ukraine, but it certainly helps all those observing across the world to see this House speaking powerfully and with one voice, united across these Benches.
I am pleased that we are able to continue in that way.
The Scottish fishing industry, by volume and value, is the biggest in these islands, and in my constituency the port towns of Peterhead and Fraserburgh represent a large share of that industry in terms of landed catch and processing.
I am sure that the Prime Minister enjoys the occasional fish supper, so does he agree that the interests and future of that industry must be secured and enhanced, as the Government pursue economic growth and reset their relationship with the European Union, especially through the forthcoming trade and co-operation agreement negotiations, so that the jobs of people who work in that sector can never be made expendable for the sake of some other interest?