My lovely grandad John Henry Richardson passed away in 1998 from work-related asbestos exposure.
Today, in South Shields, we have one of the highest death rates from this silent killer in the United Kingdom.
Will the Prime Minister look at introducing a national digital register so that we know where the asbestos is, and commit to a phased removal of it from public buildings?
I am sure that I speak for the whole House when I say that I am very sorry to hear what happened to my hon.
Friend’s grandfather.
These are just awful cases, and the deaths are terrible.
I have no doubt that he was a wonderful man, and he would have been very proud to have seen her in her place today.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
St Hilda’s girls school looks set to join Immanuel Jewish prep as the second school in Bushey alone forced to close because of Labour’s VAT hike.
That is a double hit to aspirations—first, to those of the parents, many of whom are not wealthy and who have described the significant sacrifices they have made to send their children to these schools; and secondly, it affects the excellent local state schools, including the one that I attended, which simply do not have the places, meaning that this policy will not even save money.
May I therefore urge the Prime Minister, even at this late stage, to look again at the failures of this policy?
I do not doubt the aspirations of all parents for their children.
What we have been able to do is ensure that we release the funding to ensure that our state secondary schools have the teachers they need.
There is no point the Conservatives pretending that they are interested in state education when they left them without the teachers they needed.
That is a lie!
Order.
I presume something was said that should not have been said.
I am sure the Member would like to withdraw what was said, if they have anything about them.
Withdrawn.
Forty-eight children that we know of have been killed by known domestically abusive parents during court-permitted contact visits, including Paul and Jack Sykes, who were tragically murdered at the hands of their father in a house fire.
Their mother, and my constituent, Claire Throssell has campaigned against the presumption of contact, which allows such abusers to have unsupervised contact with their children.
Will the Prime Minister meet Claire and me to discuss the urgent need to remove the presumption of contact in law?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) , who have both raised this critical issue.
I particularly pay tribute to Claire.
Her courage and strength are outstanding.
Family courts must never be a tool that domestic abusers can use to continue their appalling abuse.
We are expanding a number of Pathfinder courts to protect the welfare of children and are reviewing the presumption of involvement that she raises.
Daniel Coffey from Cullompton lost his life while serving in Iraq.
His grandfather said yesterday that Vice-President J.D. Vance “should have a lot more respect for those who lost their lives” in response to Vance’s comment about “some random country that hasn’t fought a war in 30 or 40 years”.
Will the PM gently remind the US Government that the UK was there for the US following the 9/11 attacks when Lord Robertson invoked article 5, we were there for the US for the intervention in Iraq, and that they might remember our long-standing friendship when we think about security guarantees for Ukraine?