I commend my hon.
Friend and all those who have engaged as volunteers to try to take over the theatre and run it in an effective way.
I look forward to the first production; after all, “The play’s the thing”— I saw “Hamlet” last week, and “Richard II” twice.
The most important thing is that we try to ensure that young people have an opportunity to act and have a creative education in their school, and that there are local theatres and other venues where they are able to see really high-quality live entertainment, such as in the theatre he is talking about.
I am very happy to ensure that officials meet his volunteers.
On Monday, I met the director of Salisbury playhouse.
She warmly welcomed the £85 million creative foundations fund, which she thought would be highly applicable to Salisbury playhouse, one of the few producing theatres in the south-west.
She also told me about the 5,600 local children who were given subsidised tickets up to Christmas, and about her commitment to go out and raise funds from local investors in the arts.
Will the Minister ensure that the value of the £85 million is maximised by combining it with visionary leaders like Rosa Corbishley at Salisbury playhouse, who will go out and get more money for the arts in our community?
The right hon.
Gentleman used to be in the Treasury, so he is very good at making financial bids
and I think he has just made a bid on behalf of Salisbury’s theatre.
We warmly commend the work it is doing.
As I have said, it is brilliant if we can get lots of kids coming into theatres.
I want every single child, as part of their education, to be able to see live theatre and live music, because that is a part of what stirs their  creative opportunities in life.
Yes, we are looking at whether there are other ways of bringing in not only commercial money but philanthropic money to try to match-fund the funding that can come from government.
Whether her Department plans to commemorate the 75th anniversary of Formula 1.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Formula 1 and motor sport, the hon.
Member is a keen supporter of motor sport in the UK, and I pay tribute to him for all his work.
Last month, I met with Formula 1, and I congratulate it on its 75th anniversary.
Formula 1 is a world championship, but it is a predominantly British success story.
Would the best way for the Government to join its 75th anniversary celebrations not be to get behind the efforts of Susie Wolff and others to get more women into the sport, and to back the Hamilton Commission in getting more people from more diverse backgrounds to participate in motor sport at all levels?
I pay tribute again to the hon.
Gentleman for all his work.
The milestone provides an excellent opportunity to reflect on the sport’s long history in the UK and the huge contribution that it makes.
I echo and agree with his comments about diversity.
F1 also has a significant economic impact.
Seven out of 10 Formula 1 teams are based in the UK, collectively generating £1.9 billion in turnover in 2022.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since the House last met, we have been delighted to announce £270 million of funding to breathe life into our arts, culture and heritage institutions across the country.
We have made significant progress on the Football Governance Bill in the other place, which is bringing hope to millions of football fans.
We are celebrating a wealth of British talent, from the BAFTAs to the Brits, and we will shortly announce the biggest national conversation with young people in every part of the country, which will inform the first national youth strategy in over a decade.
May I tempt the Minister on a voyage to a far-off island?
St Kilda is almost 50 miles off the coast of Lewis, and it comes within my constituency and within the Minister’s remit as one of those rare things, a UNESCO double world heritage site.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the Uig community in Lewis who want to build a global interpretation centre, a template for remote viewing these vulnerable sites?
The meeting could be here in Whitehall, in Uig in Lewis, or on St Kilda.
I would be absolutely delighted to come to St Kilda.
I think there are quite a lot of Members who would quite like to send me to St Kilda for a very prolonged period.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] It is nice to unite the House, isn’t it?
You’re so cruel!
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
The archipelago of St Kilda is unique.
Since the last 36 people left in 1930, it has been run by the National Trust.
As he says, it is a double UNESCO world heritage site and we want to ensure that we make the best of it— It is topicals folks, thank you.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the end of last year, the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport,  the hon.
Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock)  stated the importance of greyhound racing to the nation’s culture and economy, but last week Labour in Wales announced its intention to ban greyhound racing as soon as practicably possible.
Will the Secretary of State tell us who she agrees with, her Sport Minister or the Deputy First Minister, and will she make clear whether she is planning to ban greyhound racing across the UK?
I can answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question directly: I agree with the Sports Minister.
We have absolutely no plans whatsoever to ban greyhound racing.
We appreciate the joy it brings to many, many people in our country and the economic contribution it makes.
Dumbarton football club in my constituency is now in administration.
Founded in 1872, it is in the Scottish first division and is at the heart of our community in Dumbarton.
The club, players, staff, the Sons’ Supporters Trust and local businesses are all pulling together to keep our historic football club alive.
What help can the Minister and our Government offer to improve financial sustainability for lower league football clubs across the UK?
Having been through my own club, Wigan Athletic, going into administration in recent years, my heart absolutely goes out to my hon.
Friend and all the fans working together to try to save a social asset that means so much to people in the community.
I wish him every success.
He will know that sport is a devolved matter and that the football regulator will apply only to English clubs, but we will work with the Scottish Government on best practice to help, support and sustain clubs across the United Kingdom.
Unlike the previous Government, we seek a respectful and constructive relationship with the Scottish Government—we think that is in the interests of his constituents.
Swim England has an opportunity to allocate an underspend in the swimming pool support fund to project-ready pools such as Eastbourne Sovereign Centre, where I learned to swim.
However, it has said that the current policy of two interventions per site is preventing it from doing so.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss changing this policy before the fund expires this year, so that the Sovereign Centre is in with a shot?
We would be happy to look at the hon.
Gentleman’s specific case, if he wants to supply the Department with details.
The maximum of two interventions is an important principle to ensure that the maximum number of communities feels the benefit of the funding we are able to award.
He will know that the Sovereign Centre in Eastbourne has been awarded £91,000 in funding as part of phase 2 of our swimming pool support fund.
If he sends me the details, I will ensure that we take that seriously.
Alongside our theatre and museum, which I mentioned earlier, Cannock also has brilliant small music venues, such as The Station, all of which give our budding actors, museum curators and musicians a foot on the ladder.
However, we still long for the opportunities that are open to children in other parts of the country.
Will the Minister set out what discussions he has had with colleagues on routes into creative sectors for our young people?
Yesterday I met people from LIVE, and we are still very keen on trying to ensure that there is a levy on arena tickets to make provision for small music venues across the UK.
That is where most young people will have their first experience of live music.
We are determined to get there as soon as possible.
I would just like to correct the record, Mr Speaker.
I said earlier that the £85 million would apply across the whole of the UK.
I was wrong, of course—it is only England.
More money for us.
Four years ago, the StAnza poetry festival experienced difficulties bringing EU creatives over to perform in St Andrews, and those issues still exist.
I note the Secretary of State’s response to my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson), but more than warm words are needed.
When will we see a timescale on improving the situation?
As the Secretary of State referred to, I had that conversation yesterday, and I think a lot of people in the European Union and Commission are keen to reset their relationship with the UK, in particular in this regard.
I will not name the European Minister, but when I sat down opposite him and asked, “What’s the most important thing I can do for you?”, he replied, “Get me tickets for Oasis.”
I think it is very important that people are able to see our great musicians touring across the whole of Europe.
One thousand musical acts from Annie Lennox to Zero 7 have released an album of blank tracks, which is where they feel the text and data mining exception is leading.
Will my right hon.
and hon.
Friends look into this, so that Great British creativity is not replaced with AI butchery?
I think Kate Bush was running up that hill, too.
Look, the truth of the matter is, as I have said many times, that we will not progress in this area unless we are absolutely certain that we will secure more  licensing of content by British creatives, rather than less.
That is absolutely key to what would be success for us.
I hope that people will take us at face value on that.
Mr Speaker, I am afraid that I do not have a song title to go with this question.
[ “Oh, no!”] Bath council’s spending on youth services has declined by 82% since 2010, according to a recent YMCA report.
With the cancellation of the National Citizen Service, can the Minister tell us whether the money will be reallocated to support new services in areas such as mine?
We were astonished when we took office back in July to discover that there was no national youth strategy to help shape and grip the challenges facing a generation.
We are determined to change that.
We have moved at pace to set up the youth steering group that is imminently launching a consultation.
It will be the biggest conversation that we have ever had with this nation’s young people.
We are also allocating more than £85 million-worth of capital funding to create welcoming spaces for young people through the new Better Youth Spaces fund.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the young people remain our top priority.
rose— Order!
Look, I cannot get people in.
I have all these people who wish to ask a question.
Football clubs are far more than 90 minutes of entertainment on match day; they are also powerful engines of community outreach, which provide a lifeline for vulnerable people.
In the Buckingham and Bletchley constituency, Milton Keynes Dons Sport and Education Trust offers a variety of programmes for those battling dementia or who have suffered from brain trauma or stroke.
Can the Secretary of State explain to the House how the Football Governance Bill will help the ability of clubs to continue providing those programmes?
May I say how grateful I am to my hon.
Friend for his support not just for his local club, but for the Football Governance Bill that this Government have introduced?
The Bill will ensure financial sustainability in the game, put fans back at the heart of decisions that are made about their own clubs, and ensure that fit and proper owners are in charge of these vital social assets.
Final question.
We heard about the financial crisis facing football earlier, but there is also one facing Rugby Football Union.
No one likes the RFU, not least because of the whopping bonuses that it hands out.
Can the Secretary of State please let me know what conversations she is having internally about the crisis facing English rugby in this country?
My hon.
Friend the sports Minister has recently met representatives from the Rugby Football Union.
We appreciate that there are serious challenges in this area and we are determined to grip them.
I am sorry, that is all that we can get in.
I suggest that Members get on to the Government, because I really think that, with so many people wanting to contribute, we need an hour for these questions.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What assessment the Church of England has made of the contribution of rural parishes.
The Church of England has more than 10,000 churches in our towns and villages in rural areas.
In addition to their regular processes of prayer and worship, parish churches play an important role in the life of our rural communities.
In my constituency of Bridlington and The Wolds, rural parishes face huge financial pressures to maintain their historic church buildings.
Their costs often run into tens of thousands, yet they receive no funding from the Church of England or the Government.
The Church of England’s buildings comprise more than 50% of the country’s listed buildings, but all the money needed to maintain them has to be raised locally.
This maintenance will soon be beyond the ability of our local churches in rural areas, so will the hon.
Lady make representations to the Church of England to ensure that there is more financial support for local churches so that we save this wonderful part of our heritage?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on being a true champion for his constituency and also for the need for additional resources that will ensure that our churches can truly stand the test of time.
I shall certainly raise these issues and write to him about what steps he can take at a local level.
It is also worth pointing out that representing rural communities and dioceses, bishops do meet regularly on a quarterly basis to look at best practice and other ways that they can support their diocese better.
What discussions the Church has had with the Government on the extension of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Church has made of the potential implications for its policies of the level of funding available from the listed places of worship grant scheme in 2025-26.
As I set out in Church Commissioner questions in January, the listed places of worship scheme is an effective way to deliver transformational benefits to local communities.
The Government’s extension of  the scheme is very welcome, but there are a number of unanswered questions about the impact of the changes to the scheme.
The extension of the scheme will be welcome news to those involved with churches such as St Botolph’s in Aspley Guise in Mid Bedfordshire.
People there have told me of their concern about the lack of certainty for longer-term projects that may need support beyond 12 months.
Will the Church Commissioner join me and other colleagues in pressing the Chancellor to provide longer-term funding certainty?
The hon.
Member has raised this issue at Church Commissioner questions previously, and he is right to continue to do so.
Although the scheme is being extended until March 2026, we do not have a long-term plan or solution.
It is only right that the Government should set out their plans.
We know that in larger-scale projects costing over £125,000, not all the VAT can be returned.
It is important that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport comes up with a solution to ensure that the listed places of worship scheme can continue.
Holy Trinity church in Sunningdale has served the parish for 185 years.
It wants to build on that legacy with a community hub, complete with new facilities, including a volunteer-run café for the wider community.
The £25,000 cap on VAT relief may be enough to sustain smaller projects, but this one will cost well over £1 million; that means that another £250,000 in donations will be needed, which cannot stretch that far.
I understand that the Government are encouraging churches to apply for lottery funding, but Rev. Jon Hutchinson has raised the fact that the scope of that funding is too narrow to cover the project.
Will the Second Church Estates Commissioner meet me to discuss how we can get this project over the line?
The hon.
Member makes an important point, and raises an issue that affects many churches.
The £25,000 cap works for smaller projects, but it will not go far enough for larger projects, such as the one in his constituency.
The church that I attend, Holy Trinity in Clapham, is experiencing similar challenges.
I am happy to meet him.
The capping of the listed places of worship grant scheme has left many churches in physical ruin, such as the Belfrey in York, which will lose £1.5 million, even though it has done everything that was expected of it.
Clearly, we need to find a solution, and the suggestions from Government have been insufficient.
Will my hon.
Friend ensure that the Church Commissioners co-ordinate a meeting of all churches that are mid-project, to ensure that they can complete the works that they have undertaken?
I will take my hon.
Friend’s question back to see if we can set up a meeting.
As she highlighted, many churches will be missing out on vital funds to carry out necessary repairs, particularly those that have already started work.
If that work extends beyond the March 2026 deadline, they will not be able to reclaim any VAT.
It is important that we find a long-term solution.
I will be happy to take that forward.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— What steps the Commission is taking to ensure that Portcullis House is functioning effectively.
Officials are working to ensure that Portcullis House continues to function effectively.
Projects and maintenance are under way on heating, cooling and ventilation, and to upgrade equipment that is reaching the end of its life.
There is planned maintenance of toilets and will be more regular cleaning of them, and there will be refurbishment of lifts and escalators, and improvements to lighting and blinds in Members’ offices.
Work is also under way on a longer-term solution for the PCH roof.
Lifts that do not work, toilets that do not flush, taps that do not work, leaks in the roof, heating that leaves rooms either too hot or cold, and escalators that break down—by any standard, Portcullis House is not working as it should.
My concern is not for right hon.
and hon.
Members, but the staff who work for us in Portcullis House.
It is clear that it is no longer fit for purpose.
Can we have a further update from the House of Commons Commission on its work to make Portcullis House fit for the 21st century?
I am really glad that the hon.
Member has shone light on this important topic.
There is much wear and tear in Portcullis House.
On Tuesday of this week, the Administration Committee toured Portcullis House, looking at the nuts and the bolts holding the building together.
We have asked officers to please come forward with a plan of action for the Commission to consider, in order to improve services in that lovely building in both the short and long term and make it a much better place for us all to work in.
I will come back to him on his question.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What recent estimate the Church has made of the contribution of its cathedrals to local economies.
The right hon.
Member is a true champion of cathedrals, and particularly the one in his constituency.
It was a pleasure to meet him to explore issues that he has raised.
Research by the Association of English Cathedrals has shown that cathedrals’ 9.5 million visitors contributed around £235 million in additional expenditure to cathedrals and local businesses.
I understand that Salisbury cathedral, in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, featured in nearly nine in 10 visits by tourists to Salisbury.