The hon.
Member makes an important point: the whole Westminster village needs to be engaged in this important topic, which affects all of our workplace.
The best way that we can support staff in this building is to ensure that their health and safety is   paramount.
The three options that are being proposed have radically different health and safety implications.
When those options come to the House, will my hon.
Friend ensure that the health and safety information is categorically laid out, and can he confirm when the House will vote on those options?
Our timetable says that we remain on track to bring the proposals forward by the end of 2025.
Those proposals will detail costs, timescales, risks and benefits, and of course my hon.
Friend’s point about safety will be foremost in our minds.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on the coverage of Gaza by the BBC.
As the House will be aware, Hamas is a proscribed terrorist organisation in the UK.
It is my view and the view of this Government—I hope it is shared across the whole House—that Hamas is a terrorist organisation guilty of heinous acts of terrorism over many years, including the appalling terrorist and antisemitic attacks carried out on  7 October 2023 .
That is a position I set out clearly in public in the media this week.
That tragic day and the conflict that followed have had real-life impacts on communities across the UK, playing out on our streets and overseas, and every one of us has a duty to take the utmost care not to exacerbate the situation.
That is why I have discussed editorial guidelines with the BBC director general in recent days.
The BBC has clear editorial guidelines to report Hamas as a terror organisation proscribed by the UK Government.
That was its policy under the last Government, and that remains its policy now.
I held discussions with the BBC director general earlier this week at my request in order to seek urgent answers about the checks and due diligence that should have been carried out ahead of the screening of a recent documentary on Gaza, and about the commissioning, the payment and the use of licence fee payers’ money.
I also sought cast-iron assurances that no money paid has fallen into the hands of Hamas and that the utmost care was taken to ensure that that was the case.
I expect to be kept informed about the findings of the internal BBC investigation, and I will be happy to update  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  and colleagues across the House on its progress.
Across all the issues on which the BBC may report, the BBC’s operational and editorial independence from the Government is an important principle that we intend to uphold.
As a former Minister at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, the right hon.
Member will be aware that it is for Ofcom as the independent regulator to ensure the BBC fulfils its obligations under the charter and broadcasting code.
Nevertheless, as I have set out publicly, it is essential that the BBC maintains the highest standards of reporting and governance, as the public rightly expect.
I have made those views clear to the BBC.
That is crucial to ensure that the BBC retains the confidence of the public.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
The documentary “Gaza: How to Survive a Warzone” was broadcast by the BBC on  17 February .
It purported to show what everyday life was like for people in Gaza—a topic of huge sensitivity.
As the UK’s public broadcaster, the BBC has a duty to provide accurate and impartial news and information, which is particularly important when it comes to coverage of highly sensitive events.
In this case, it is clear that the BBC has fallen far short of those standards.
Shortly after it aired, reports emerged that the documentary was narrated by the son of a senior Hamas figure.
Initially, the BBC defended the programme as an “invaluable testament” to the conflict and kept it available  on iPlayer.
Only after a significant public backlash did the BBC decide to withdraw it.
Then we learned that on at least five occasions, the words “Yahud” and “Yahudy”—Arabic for “Jew” and “Jews”—were changed to “Israel” and “Israeli forces”, or were removed from the documentary; and then we learned that up to £400,000 in public funds might have indirectly supported a terrorist organisation.
However, I regret to say that the Government’s response to these allegations has been just as concerning.
On Monday the Secretary of State refused to say whether Hamas, a proscribed terrorist organisation, should be described as such by the BBC, but I was glad to hear her comments today.
On Tuesday the Home Secretary, the Minister responsible for addressing threats related to terrorism, said that she did not “know the details” surrounding this case, despite allegations that £400,000 in public funds may have indirectly supported this organisation.
For that reason, the Leader of the Opposition wrote to the director general of the BBC requesting a full independent inquiry to consider this and wider allegations of systemic bias against Israel.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her response to my correspondence on this matter.
I understood from her letter that she had raised these concerns about the documentary with the director general—and she has just confirmed that—and it was right that she did so, but I must press her further on the letter’s contents.
Did she make it clear that, in this case, the BBC has fallen far short of the standards expected of the UK’s public broadcaster?
Did she receive any assurances from the BBC that taxpayers’ money has not been funnelled to Hamas?
Did she support our calls for a full independent inquiry into the documentary?
What commitment did she receive from the BBC that this will never happen again, and if a criminal investigation has to take place, what will happen?
Order.
That should have been two minutes.
Please will everyone measure how long they have?
It is unfair, because we have a lot of business to get through.