According to VisitBritain, the estimated value of inbound tourism in 2024 will be in the region of £31.5 billion, so it is a huge economic contributor to the United Kingdom.
When speaking to tourism businesses that rely on seasonal tourism, alongside the rising cost of ETAs, they express great concern that the reduction in national insurance thresholds and the rise in employer national insurance contributions mean that many more workers will be caught in a damaging tax trap.
It will mean that businesses have to reconsider how many people—many of them young, and many of them in their first jobs—they can employ while remaining profitable.
Does the Minister have an impact assessment of the effect of those NI rises, and what does it say about how many jobs will be created or lost as a result of Labour’s jobs tax trap?
One of the problems with the Conservatives is that they want us to endlessly spend more money on things, but they do not want to find the money that enables us to afford that expenditure.
There are lots of things that affect the tourism industry in the UK —incidentally, I think the hon.
Gentleman mistook his millions for his billions in what he said—but it is really important that we look at how we can extend the season in the UK and make sure that more international visitors do not just come to London and the south-east, but go to places across the whole of the United Kingdom.
That is precisely the kind of thing that I hope we will be able to incorporate into our national tourism strategy this autumn.
It will be the first time that the UK has ever had one.
What steps she is taking to help improve the sustainability of lower league football clubs in Wolverhampton West constituency.
What steps she is taking to help improve the financial sustainability of English football clubs.
We are proud to have introduced the Football Governance Bill, which will establish an  independent football regulator to protect the financial sustainability of English football clubs, and we recognise the key role that lower league football clubs play at grassroots level.
Given the financial challenges faced by lower league football clubs such as AFC Wulfrunians in my constituency of Wolverhampton West, which also has an excellent boxing gym catering to the local community, can the Secretary of State confirm what steps the Government are taking to ensure that clubs such as AFC Wulfrunians have access to sustainable funding models to secure their long-term financial stability, so that they can continue to foster community relationships, increase local engagement and develop young talent within our communities?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in supporting his local clubs.
Across all sports, Sport England invested over £57,000 in Wolverhampton West in 2023-24.
The Government are committed to continuing to support local clubs through investment in the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, as well as through Sport England, which invests over £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year.
The Sport Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , was kind enough to meet me and Reading football club fans last year to discuss the urgent need for an independent football regulator.
Since then, the legislation has been held up in the other place by Conservative peers, and I was appalled to hear that the Leader of the Opposition sees an independent regulator as “a waste of money”.
Fans and staff in Reading will be able to tell the Secretary of State the importance of the need for a regulator, so will she visit the stadium in my constituency to meet them in person?
I would be delighted to support my hon.
Friend as she continues to fight the good fight for football fans in her constituency.
Like her, I was appalled by the Leader of the Opposition’s comments.
The independent football regulator began life under the last Government; it was in the Conservative manifesto, it was in our manifesto, and we were elected to deliver it on behalf of millions of football fans.
I very much hope that  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  will disassociate himself from the Leader of the Opposition’s appalling comments.
It is a serious matter that the Sport Minister has had to apologise to people running clubs in the most popular league in the world, after writing an article saying that critics of the football regulator were “promoting untruths”.
Will the Secretary of State now engage actively and constructively with the people running football, and explain why the Government have repeatedly rejected proposals in the other place to impose a growth duty on the regulator?
Both the Sport Minister
and I meet every premier league club and Premier League executives on a regular basis, and we have a very constructive relationship with them, including on pursuing the Government’s No. 1 mission, which is to grow our  economy after 14 years of stagnant economic growth and decline.
I say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that the Government are always happy to clarify who our comments are intended towards, as we were in this instance, but if he seriously thinks that it is acceptable for Conservative Front Benchers to extinguish the hope of millions of football fans who were made promises by his party that it never delivered on, he might want to explain that to football fans in his own constituency.
Women’s football clubs earn a small fraction of the revenue of men’s teams, so the financial gap between men’s and women’s football continues to be a barrier to growth.
After the fantastic performance by the Lionesses to beat the world champions Spain at Wembley last night, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that continued investment is available to make women’s sport more established, accessible and sustainable?
The Sport Minister has met the Football Association this week to discuss the women’s game and to promote the campaign to support women’s football.
We, like the hon.
Lady, have been absolutely inspired by the success of the Lionesses, but more importantly, it has inspired young girls in every part of this country to come forward and want to take part in football.
That is why we are investing in grassroots sports facilities to make sure that they get every bit as much opportunity not just to dream big, but to have a plan to get there.
What plans her Department has to increase access to grassroots multi-sport facilities.
What steps her Department is taking to help support grassroots sports clubs in London.
What steps her Department is taking to help support grassroots sports facilities.
This Government recognise the value and importance of grassroots sports clubs in London and across the country, and the role that their facilities play in getting people active.
Sport England invests more than £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year in the communities that need it most.
On top of that, our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme has invested £123 million across the UK this year.
Haverfordwest County AFC is a fantastic football club in the wonderful constituency of Mid and South Pembrokeshire.
The club works with local schools to facilitate football sessions for all pupils, and it provides a healthy breakfast and lunch for participants.
It also runs a fantastic walking football club.
Will the Minister outline what the Labour Government are doing to support the work of our brilliant local clubs, such as Haverfordwest County AFC, in making sport more accessible?
Will she join me in wishing Haverfordwest County the best of luck for the rest of the season?
First, I pay tribute to Haverfordwest County AFC and the many grassroots clubs across the country for their important work in making sport accessible to communities.
The Government are committed to continuing to support local clubs through investment in the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
I join my hon.
Friend in wishing Haverfordwest County AFC the very best of luck with the rest of the season.
My fantastic local football club, Sutton United, provides excellent opportunities in grassroots sports through its junior, women and disabled teams, and it even has a walking football club for those of us, Mr Speaker, who need a gentler pace of play.
However, it tells me that it desperately needs access to more training facilities to ensure there is year-round football for all players.
The training pitch the club uses in the local park is often waterlogged and unusable.
Will the Minister support Sutton United in securing a new all-weather pitch?
Will she meet me and the club to discuss potential sources of funding to make that a reality?
Those are issues that I have heard in my own constituency.
I would be delighted to meet him and will perhaps set up a meeting with the Football Foundation too.
Last week, I met the fantastic Thorne Colliery club in my constituency of Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme, which is working with the Football Foundation on potential investment for its pitch, which is based on the Moorends welfare site.
While that is a fantastic example of the support available for grassroots facilities, many clubs still face uncertainty due to governance and financial challenges.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to ensure that football governance reforms provide greater security for grassroots clubs and the facilities that they rely on?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that local grassroots clubs have a crucial part to play in delivering wider societal benefits, fostering social cohesion and building a strong sense of local identity.
The Football Association is responsible for good governance at this level, and its new grassroots strategy, launched in the autumn, looks to set clubs up for success.
We should be supporting sports facilities across the United Kingdom.
The last Conservative Government provided the Scottish Football Association with more than £20 million to build and improve football facilities between 2021 and 2025.
Do the Government have any plans to invest further in grassroots football in Scotland?
I have outlined the funding that this Government are investing.
I look forward to visiting Scotland very soon, and I meet my counterpart there regularly.