My hon.
Friend, as always, has taken care to strike the right tone, and I thank him very much for raising that.
[Interruption.]
Order.
The question was not relevant to what we are discussing; that is the problem.
I listened carefully to what the Secretary of State said and welcome her clear criticism of this documentary, but may I return to some of the—at best—mistranslation that happened during the documentary that my right hon.
Friend the shadow Secretary of State referenced?
Instances of the Arabic words for “Jews” were changed to “Israeli” and, possibly worst of all, one interviewee praised the Hamas leader for his “Jihad against the Jews”, yet the BBC translated that to “fighting Israeli forces”.
That is not an error in Google Translate; it is clearly a deliberate attempt to completely misinterpret the approach towards Hamas and the situation in the middle east.
Can she  give me an assurance that she will be robust in challenging those translations, because those terms are clearly antisemitic and take a pro-Hamas, pro-terrorist viewpoint?
I am more than happy to give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
I discussed the precise use of language with the BBC director general earlier this week.
On the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage) , I also discussed the use of the full term “a proscribed terror organisation” by the UK Government and the frequency with which that term is used by the BBC.
I made it clear that I, as the Secretary of State, believe that it is incredibly important that the BBC adheres to its own guidelines.
Hamas are a proscribed organisation and that is as it should be.
The Israeli military has banned international journalists from Gaza and at least 162 Palestinian journalists have been killed in Gaza in the last 500 days.
Does the Secretary of State agree that BBC and all media coverage of Gaza can only benefit from journalists being allowed in to report on the ground, a point raised with me by some constituents in the past few weeks?
Does she further agree that journalists must be protected from harm, in line with international law?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that she has done over many years, including as the director of Medical Aid for Palestinians.
She knows better than anyone in this House what is happening in Gaza—I think she may be the only Member of the House who has recently been in Gaza to see the conditions that many hon.
Members have described.
I very much agree with her point about journalistic access and safety.
I also agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  that us setting the right tone in this House is essential.
I am sure that Members across the House all agree that the most important issue is the maintenance of the ceasefire.
Hostages need to go home, aid needs to get in and a peaceful future needs to be built.
What more can this Government do to ensure that the stories of those affected are heard, to continue the international determination for the maintenance of the ceasefire?
When I met British Palestinians whose family members are in Gaza and when I met the families whose loved ones had been taken hostage by Hamas, and had been held or continue to be held in Gaza, I made a commitment to them that, in opposition and in government, we would continue to use every opportunity to shine a spotlight on what is happening to them.
I think they will be very encouraged by the words of the hon.
Lady.
It is a particular to tribute to the House that Members from every political party are raising these issues and ensuring that we continue to tell those stories.
Since the Hamas atrocities of  7 October , tens of thousands of Gazans have been killed by Israeli forces, and hundreds of thousands more have been subject to unimaginable suffering.
It is essential that their stories be told and it is unacceptable that the BBC should have chosen to tell them through those connected  to Hamas.
We understand that the BBC is not allowed into Gaza, so will the Secretary of State confirm where this programme was subcontracted and to whom?
On the issue of translation, does the BBC not have a translation guide?
Is that publicly available?
If not, should it be?
Finally, when Israeli Ministers and others call for the ethnic cleansing of Gaza or for the elimination of the Palestinian people, surely that must be reported in a way that highlights that that is illegal and the cause of immense distress to many in this country?
My hon.
Friend speaks powerfully about the careful use of language and the way in which we all have a responsibility to uphold the highest standards on that.
On her specific question, having had discussions with the BBC, I can confirm that this was not a BBC programme; it was commissioned by an external organisation.[Official Report,  4 March 2025 ; Vol. 763, c. 8WC.]
(Correction) That in no way absolves the BBC from the responsibility to undertake due diligence on a programme that it airs.
When it is aired by our national broadcaster, it is granted the legitimacy of our national broadcaster, and that is why these standards matter.
I will take away her suggestion about a publicly available translation guide, which might help to assuage some of the concerns raised by  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , and discuss that with the BBC.
It is essential that the editorial independence of the BBC is protected at home and abroad.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House whether she or anyone in her Department had contact, formally or informally, with the Israeli embassy about the documentary before it was pulled from iPlayer?
And will she say when contact was first made between her and the BBC, between the programme being airing and then being pulled from iPlayer?
No.