Nobody can deny that working cross-party is one of the best ways to get things done, so I am happy to support the right hon.
Member and others in their endeavours.
I am also happy to meet the group.
Newcastle’s beautiful cathedral is an important part of our economic life, as well as our cultural and religious life, but it receives very little funding from the Church of England and does not benefit from any significant endowments or property ownership, unlike other cathedrals.
With 80% of England’s cathedrals predicted to post budget deficits, what discussions has the Second Church Estates Commissioner had with the Church of England regarding the financial sustainability of cathedrals?
As I say, the Church of England meets regularly to look at the impact of costs on cathedrals, and I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend about the issue.
If the commissioners will have discussions with their counterparts in the Church of Scotland on support for places of worship with declining congregations.
The pastoral and closed churches department of the Church Commissioners has recently consulted with the Church of Scotland on the experience of managing parishes and small congregations.
Scotland’s Churches Trust estimates that the Church of Scotland could lose 30% of its churches in the coming years.
St Andrew’s in Clermiston in my constituency could be one of them.
It celebrated its 70th anniversary this year, but could face closure because of declining congregations and lower incomes.
That threatens a valuable community space that is particularly used by vulnerable and elderly people.
Can the Second Church Estates Commissioner outline how the Church of England could work with the Church of Scotland to share best practice on managing churches with smaller congregations to preserve those valuable community spaces?
The National Church Institutions and the Church of Scotland signed the Columba declaration, committing to joint dialogue on a range of issues.
I understand that they meet regularly to discuss these issues.
It might be useful for her to reach out to the Church of Scotland on that, and if she is unable to do so, I am happy to put her in touch with it.
What support the Church is providing to the diocese of Jerusalem, in the context of the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The situation in Gaza and the west bank is devastating, and the Church continues to support the diocese of Jerusalem through prayer, financial assistance and advocacy.
The archbishop’s appeal for the diocese continues to provide much-needed support for Church organisations and bodies, whether that is in Gaza or the west bank.
On the west bank and in Jerusalem, the security situation and the economic conditions are worsening, with increasing violence and a decline in the number of pilgrims visiting.
That has led to a rising level of emigration, as many Christians leave the Holy Land, where generations before them had lived.
Will my hon.
Friend outline the work the Church is doing to assist the diocese in supporting its dwindling congregations in these difficult times?
There is no safe place on the west bank, including in East Jerusalem, for Palestinians.
The attacks on the Christian community there are focused on seizing land and property, and have been increasing in recent months, with Armenian churches bearing the brunt.
The Christian community faces a co-ordinated and aggressive move to drive these living stones of our faith to leave the region.
Bishops have frequently visited the region over the past 16 months; they have regularly met the Archbishop of Jerusalem to discuss how best they can help the diocese to respond to the many appalling attacks.
It is important that we hold up the people of Palestine in prayer for their safety and security.
Violence is not the answer to any of this.
A year and a half ago, I met the Archbishop of Jerusalem.
He outlined some of the things the Church was doing on education, jobs, and opportunities for young people to do apprenticeships.
Those things can only happen if there is money available.
What discussions has the Church Commissioner had with the Archbishop and the Church on helping to retain young people in Jerusalem?
I mentioned funds in my response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edmonton and Winchmore Hill (Kate Osamor) .
I can certainly write to the hon.
Gentleman about the discussions that have taken place with the Archbishop of Jerusalem, if he would find that helpful.
Whether the Church has made an assessment of the potential merits of specific legislative protections for significant church organs.
My hon.
Friend will know that I do not answer for the Church of Scotland, and that heritage and culture is a devolved matter, but when a  parish church is to close, the Church of England tries to secure a new home for its instruments, working with local authorities, the diocese and national heritage bodies.
I believe that the Church of Scotland is taking similar steps.
St Margaret’s, Church of Scotland, in Knightswood in my constituency is closing, much to the detriment of its congregation and the wider area.
The church is home to a significant pipe organ, built by the renowned maker Henry Willis.
In some countries in Europe, there are protections in law for historical instruments such as that one, to prevent them from being destroyed or abandoned when a church becomes redundant.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that such a scheme should be established in the UK?
Again, my hon.
Friend highlights the importance and significance of preserving instruments, particularly the one at St Margaret’s.
I would be happy to write to her to suggest organisations that may be able to help the congregation.
I would also be happy to put her in touch with the Church of Scotland to see how it can best take the matter forward with her.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the Restoration and Renewal Client Board, was asked— What the key cost drivers are for the programme.
The restoration and renewal programme is in the preparatory stage.
To date, key cost drivers have included design work and programme and project management costs for surveys.
On delivering the work for the Palace, three delivery options are being developed, along with their costs, and the intention is to publish that information before the end of the year.
The three options for delivery works seem to represent various degrees of compromise between shortened timescales, the associated reduced overall costs, and the continued presence and functioning of Parliament within the Palace of Westminster.
It is wise to seek ways to negate the need for such a compromise.
What possibilities for decantation into Westminster Hall might yet be explored?
Would the Minister meet me and members of the project team to discuss those possibilities?
My hon.
Friend’s professional background offers him insight into the choices that we will have to make.
I understand that the possible use of Westminster Hall as a host for the Chamber has been considered, but there were concerns about the impact on the oldest part of the palace.
The northern estate is the favoured location.
I will ask senior officers of the restoration and renewal team about his idea, which I am happy to discuss further with him.
The right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What discussions he has had with the Electoral Commission on the arrangements for the publication of the first strategy and policy statement.
The first and current strategy and policy statement for the Electoral Commission was published by the previous Government in February last year.
The commission passed its report to the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission this week, setting out how it has had regard to the statement as required by law.
The commission will publish that report in due course.
The Elections Act 2022 passed by the previous Government imposed a strategy and policy statement on the Electoral Commission, undermining its independence for some confected agenda about voter fraud, and eroding trust and confidence in the commission.
Does the right hon.
and learned Gentleman agree that the best course of action would be not to publish a further strategy and policy statement until such a time as the legislation can be reviewed?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that that is the commission’s view.
He will know that the commission remains opposed to the principle of a strategy and policy statement, and views such a mechanism as inconsistent with its independent role.
It is estimated that only 3% of the 3.5 million British citizens abroad participated in the last general election.
What action can the Electoral Commission and my right hon.
and learned Friend take to ensure that people who are eligible to vote can do so in future general elections?
My hon.
Friend is right that more can always be done to ensure that all those eligible for the franchise, which now includes a substantial number of overseas voters, understand what they are entitled to, and that we offer them all the assistance we can to participate in the process.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What progress the Church has made on appointing a new Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Crown Nominations Commission, chaired by Lord Evans, will oversee the appointment of  a new archbishop.
A public consultation is under way— I encourage all hon.
Members to submit their thoughts; they have until  28 March  to do so—and an announcement is expected before the end of the year.
Recent headlines about safeguarding failures have badly eroded trust in the Church.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury, with whom I have had the pleasure of working closely, resigned his position in recognition of that so that the Church could move forward.
I congratulate the Second Church Estates Commissioner on her powerful speech at the most recent Synod.
Does she agree that those selecting our next archbishop must not be implicated in safeguarding failures of any kind?