I am happy to give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
That was part of the discussions I had with the BBC director general earlier this week.
I would expect an organisation like the BBC already to have robust systems in place on that, and I have been assured that that is part of the internal review.
Does the Secretary of State agree that across all the issues that the BBC may report on, its operational and editorial independence from Government is an important principle that should be upheld?
Yes, I very much agree with my hon.
Friend, not least because it is the role of broadcasters to hold a mirror up not just to society, but to the Government, and to hold us to account.
That is why I very much agree with the words of the media Minister in the previous Government,  the hon.
Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , who said that the BBC is not “an instrument of Government.
Ministers seeking to interfere with editorial decisions or the day-to-day running of the organisation would be in nobody’s interests”.—[Official Report,  27 February 2024 ; Vol. 746, c. 103WH.]
Once again, the BBC has got it badly wrong, since  7 October , with its treatment and description of Hamas as a terrorist organisation.
Once again, we are told that lessons will be learned.
Does the Secretary of State think that the BBC is incompetent, negligent or just riddled with antisemitism?
I have been absolutely clear with this House that I think the BBC has serious questions to answer.
The director general was very clear with me earlier this week that it has serious questions to answer and that it intends to answer them in full, and I will make sure that is the case.
It is quite clear that the BBC has not shown the standards of journalistic integrity that we expect of it in the case of this documentary or through its coverage of the  7 October  attacks and the war that followed.
Danny Cohen, the former BBC director of television, says that the BBC is “institutionally hostile to Israel”.
Can we have an inquiry into not only this incident, but the BBC’s relationship with Hamas, the independence of its reporters in Gaza from Hamas and its wider coverage of Israel?
If there is evidence of BBC funds reaching a proscribed terrorist organisation, will the Secretary of State join me in saying that there should be a full criminal investigation?
Ensuring that no money has fallen into the hands of Hamas is the duty of all of us.
The last Government were very clear about that in relation to the aid budget, and we are very clear about that too.
The BBC needs to be as clear, or there must be consequences.
I also reassure the hon.
Gentleman that in December I convened a roundtable with the Jewish community to discuss antisemitism in the arts and the creative industries more generally.
I was appalled by what I heard at that meeting, which was convened by Lord Mann and the Board of Deputies of British Jews.
We are working very closely together to stamp out the many unacceptable practices that we have seen creep not just into the BBC, but across broadcasting and the arts more generally since this appalling conflict began.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her answer to the urgent question.
We all agree that the genuine inaccuracies and misrepresentations in this documentary, and in all reporting, must be addressed, and that steps must be taken to prevent them from reoccurring.
We also all agree that there is no place for antisemitism or any other racism anywhere.
The BBC has been accused by more than 100 of its staff of giving Israel favourable coverage in its reporting of the war on Gaza, and criticised for its lack of accurate, evidence-based journalism.
The letter, sent to the BBC’s director general and chief executive officer, said: “Basic journalistic tenets have been lacking when it comes to holding Israel to account for its actions.”
Its signatories included more than 100 anonymous BBC staff and more than 200 people from the media industry.
The letter also said: “The consequences of inadequate coverage are significant.
Every television report, article and radio interview that has failed to robustly challenge Israeli claims has systematically dehumanised Palestinians.”
What steps— Order.
We have got to get to the question, please.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to investigate and address the unacceptable and biased anti-Palestinian and pro-Israel reporting by the BBC since  7 October , so that it can be trusted by those in this House and by the licence fee payers who fund its existence?
The views that the hon.
Gentleman has expressed show what a contested and difficult area this is to report on.
While this Government believe it is essential that we shine a spotlight on what is happening to people—particularly children—in Gaza, there is no excuse for antisemitism, or for the sorts of practices that have been alleged against the BBC in recent weeks in relation to this documentary.