May I say to my hon.
Friend what a delight it was to visit her constituency with her, and to celebrate Bradford being the city of culture with Mayor Tracy Brabin and others recently in Bradford?
My hon.
Friend will know that we have committed £15 million for Bradford 2025.
As part of that, we expect 6,000 training opportunities and 6,500 jobs to be created.
I am sick and tired of seeing jobs created in parts of the country where children just down the road can no more dream of going to the moon than of getting those jobs.
That is why we are investing in young people and the next generation so that they can become the storytellers of the next chapter of this country.
In a statement released two months ago, the Government claimed that Bradford city of culture will generate £700 million of growth for the district by 2030, and that 6,500 new jobs will be created.
About £40 million of taxpayers’ money has already been allocated to Bradford city of culture.
Forty million pounds is, of course, the same as the financial black hole that Bradford council faces as it cuts services to children with special educational needs and sells off local assets.
The Centre for Cities says that the Government have massively overstated the economic benefit that being the city of culture brings.
In the interests of transparency, will the Secretary of State release the impact assessment that was made to reach the £700 million figure and the job growth that they say will be created?
As the hon.
Gentleman should know, the impact assessment was done under the last Government.
I am slightly confused: is he against the city of culture, or does he just think that Bradford does not have a full contribution to make to this country’s cultural life?
We believe in Bradford.
We believe in its people, its history, its heritage and what it can contribute to the UK in the future.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Much like Loughborough and Bradford, Chichester is a city that punches well above its weight with its creative and cultural offering.
Much of the local authority funding that supports organisations in my constituency—such as Chichester festival theatre, the Pallant House gallery and the Novium museum—comes via the district council.
Local government reorganisation puts such funding streams at risk, especially when combined with an authority that is struggling with the cost of, for example, social care and highways.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that these vital organisations are protected during this reorganisation?
We are in touch with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that we are absolutely joined up in our approach.
Earlier  this week, I met mayors from across the city regions and I also recently met the Local Government Association to ensure that every part of the country, including the hon.
Member’s incredible city, receives the full benefits of the work we are doing in government.