As a Major in the New York State Guard, Dr. Kalotee serves in the

Division of Military and Naval Affairs and as a General in the United

States Disaster Relief Command, which oversees operations that are

vital to all Long Islanders.
Here at home, Dr. Kalotee served as the

Director and Vice Chair of the Counsel for Stony Brook University's

Brookhaven National Labs and continues to serve on the board of the New

York Institute of Technology.
As the Chairman of the Nassau County

Human Rights Commission, Dr. Kalotee has even personally witnessed many

elections both here and abroad and has been invited to attend the

inaugurations of several esteemed heads of state.
As mentioned, Dr.

Kalotee has also been involved in work overseas, having been appointed

as a special liaison to South Asia and an advisor to the United

Nations' Grenada Mission and providing medical services to over 7,000

people in cities across Central America.
His humanitarian efforts and

work with the UN even earned him the privilege to be a guest speaker

before the General Assembly for multiple sessions.
Dr. Kalotee is an American with a passion to serve and look after his

communities, a duty of which I understand and appreciate the

importance.
In the words of his organization's motto, ``there is no

better gift one can give to humanity than good health.''
On behalf of myself and all Long Islanders, we give Bobby, my

brother, our upmost gratitude for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FATHER NICHOLAS PETROPOULAKOS' RETIREMENT AFTER 50 YEARS OF

SERVICE

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly join the Greek-Orthodox

community of Staten Island to honor the service of Father Nicholas

Petropoulakos and celebrate his retirement this month after 50 years of

service to the Greek Orthodox Church of America.
Therefore, I include

in the Record the following Proclamation:

Whereas Father Nicholas Petropoulakos was born in Lowell,

Massachusetts, and entered Hellenic College Holy Cross School

of Theology in 1967 to fulfill his calling of becoming an

Orthodox priest;

Whereas Father Nicholas was ordained to the Holy Diaconate

in 1973 at Holy Cross Chapel on the campus of our seminary by

His Eminence, Metropolitan Iakovos of Chicago, and was named

assistant to the Pastor of Annunciation Church in Woburn,

Massachusetts;

Whereas on June 1, 1974, he was ordained to the Holy

Priesthood at his home Parish, Holy Trinity in Lowell,

Massachusetts, again by His Eminence, Metropolitan Iakovos.
In 1987, Father Nick received a M.A. in Biblical Theology

from the University of Notre Dame;

Whereas since accepting the pastorate of Holy Trinity--St.

Nicholas in August of 1996, Father Nick has been heavily

involved in education ministries, leading Bible study

sessions, and teaching in youth ministries.
He helped develop

the parish website further to bring the community together

and introduced the Junior Hellenic Dancers as well as a dance

ministry for 3- to 6-year-olds;

Whereas Father Nicholas established the ELEOS Ministry for

illness support, organized monthly healing services, and

initiated THARROS for divorced Orthodox Christians.
He

oversaw the completion of the Community Center building

program and led the renovation of the church, which was

adorned with iconography for its consecration on June 3,

2013, conducted by His Eminence Archbishop Demetrios of

America.
On behalf of the Greek-Orthodox community of Staten Island, I want to

thank Father Nicholas for his years of devotion, dedication,

commitment, and spiritual guidance.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY HENDERSON

HON.
CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a visionary

advocate and leader in my state who, for decades, has worked to improve

the lives of her fellow citizens.
Over her influential career, Mary

Henderson has worked as an attorney and co-founded a legal aid and

economic justice nonprofit--among many other roles--to consistently

address root causes of poverty.