CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a visionary

advocate and leader in my state who, for decades, has worked to improve

the lives of her fellow citizens.
Over her influential career, Mary

Henderson has worked as an attorney and co-founded a legal aid and

economic justice nonprofit--among many other roles--to consistently

address root causes of poverty.
Mary's advocacy for Maine people began at Pine Tree Legal Assistance,

a nonprofit organization which provides free civil legal assistance.
As

a staff attorney, Mary tirelessly provided representation on a variety

of cases.
Under Mary's guidance, countless people were able to access

government supports for which they were eligible but had previously

been improperly denied.
In 1996, Mary co-founded Maine Equal Justice, a nonprofit civil legal

aid and economic justice organization.
In her role as Executive

Director, Mary assisted in the acquisition of a location and the

securing of funds to create a sustainable and reliable resource for

Maine's most vulnerable populations.
Through her defense of government

programs for public healthcare, education access, and housing and food

security, Mary's work has improved the lives of thousands of Maine

people.
Since leaving Maine Equal Justice, Mary has brought her expertise and

unwavering dedication to the Office of Substance Abuse, Maine

Department of Labor, Office of Maine Care Services, National Academy

for State Health Policy, Maine Children's Alliance, and Preble Street

Resource Center.
In each of her roles, Mary has intentionally centered

the voices and experiences of the people of Maine who are served by

these critical government and anti-poverty programs.
I had the great pleasure of working with Mary during my years in the

State House and was able to see firsthand how the State of Maine

benefitted from her knowledge, skills, and advocacy.
I am very proud to

represent her and the State of Maine in Congress.
I wish Mary continued

success, and I wholeheartedly thank her for her many years of

influential work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE PROMOTING NATIONAL SERVICE AND REDUCING YOUTH

UNEMPLOYMENT ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Promoting National

Service and Reducing Youth Unemployment Act to address one of the

greatest workforce tragedies--our unemployed young people--while

filling vacancies in the public sector.
Youth unemployment is harming

our young people and costing our country billions of dollars each year

in lost productivity and tax revenue, among other costs.
Although the

total unemployment rate has reached a relative low (3.9 percent), the

youth unemployment rate is 8.2 percent.
These young people have not had

a fair chance to use the high school or college education we strongly

urged them to obtain.
By adding 500,000 new members to AmeriCorps, this bill would need no

new administrative structure or bureaucracy, and would allow unemployed

youth to earn a stipend, obtain work experience and develop a good work

history to help secure future employment.
This bill would significantly

expand job opportunities for young people who have done what they could

to get a job, but, despite their best efforts, remain unemployed.
AmeriCorps participants receive a living allowance and are also

eligible for an education award equal to the value of a Pell grant,

school-loan forbearance, health care benefits and childcare assistance.
By expanding AmeriCorps, we would reduce the number of unemployed young

people, provide them work skills and experience and help understaffed

state and local governments provide services.
This bill would also establish that the minimum wage for any

AmeriCorps State and National member would be 200 percent of the

federal poverty line, and would not allow for a decrease in that

amount, as is allowed under current law.
AmeriCorps members serve their

country and gain skills, but we should increase the minimum wage for

everybody, including national service members.