During his law enforcement career, Patrick received more than a dozen

awards, citations, and commendations.
He is a founding member of the

County Firewatch Program, a preventive program for juvenile fire

setters.
He also is a charter member of the County Arson Task Force.
During his storied thirty-year career in law enforcement, Patrick has

worked on and has taken part in thousands of investigations as a

Detective from thefts to homicides.
On July 1, 2014, Patrick became President of the 32,000-member-strong

New Jersey State Policemen's Benevolent Association, one of the largest

in the country.
In his capacity as PBA President, Patrick has developed

very strong relationships throughout New Jersey.
Within just a few

years in his role, Patrick made a significant mark on the organization.
Since 2017, he has been consistently ranked in the Insider NJ ``100

Policymaker Power List'' and the NJ Globe ``100 Power List.''
Patrick was appointed by Governor Jon Corzine to the Task Force on

Police Suicides, which developed a successful video and program to

curtail what was an alarming trend of police suicides.
Governor Corzine

also appointed him to the New Jersey Public Employment Relations

Commission (PERC) where he proudly served from 2009 to 2011.
I salute Mr. Colligan for his steadfast leadership of New Jersey

State PBA and his lifelong commitment to public service.
He has notched

an amazing record of legislative accomplishments that help keep our

communities safe and ensure law enforcement have the resources they

need to protect and serve.
Jersey is truly lucky to have Patrick as a

champion of what I believe are the greatest law enforcement officers in

the country.
I wish him a restful retirement with his wife, Lynette,

and his wonderful family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 4, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 5

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine how climate is already

challenging insurance markets.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the budget of the

Federal Highway Administration.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine revitalizing and renewing

GSP, AGOA and other trade preference programs.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine streamlining the Federal

cybersecurity regulatory process, focusing on the path

to harmonization.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending calendar nominations.
Special Committee on Aging

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing to examine heroes at home,

focusing on improving services for veterans and their

caregivers.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of John

Bradford Wiegmann, of the District of Columbia, to be

General Counsel of the Office of the Director of

National Intelligence.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine strengthening United States

economic leadership, focusing on the role of

competition in enhancing economic resiliency.