I wish all the best to Somerset County 4-H on the 50th anniversary of

the landmark Ted Blum 4-H Center, and I extend my thanks for all that

they do for our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TIANANMEN SQUARE MASSACRE

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, on June 4, we commemorate the 35th

anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre, an event that serves as a

stark reminder of the brutality of authoritarianism and its tragic

human costs.
Thirty-five years ago in 1989, in the heart of Beijing, the world

witnessed a military crackdown on peaceful pro-democracy protesters in

Tiananmen Square.
The Chinese government's violent suppression of

student-led demonstrations shook the world's conscience, leaving a

permanent scar on the collective memory of humanity and reminding us of

the lengths to which authoritarian regimes will go to maintain their

grip on power.
There are credible estimates that more than 200,000

Chinese army soldiers killed nearly 1,000 people and wounded many

thousands more.
In the decades since the massacre, the Chinese

Communist Party (CCP) has relentlessly pursued its agenda of control

and repression, which has stifled dissent and trampled on the

fundamental rights of its citizens.
Freedom of speech, assembly, and

religion remain severely curtailed, with censorship and surveillance

pervasive throughout the country.
Dissidents, human tights activists,

and religious

minorities continue to face persecution, imprisonment, and even

disappearance simply for expressing their beliefs or advocating for

change.
The CCP continues its efforts to control the political discourse

across the entire country and in every territory under its control.
The

crackdown in Hong Kong is one such example.
The imposition of the

draconian National Security Law in 2020 marked a turning point in the

erosion of the city's autonomy and freedoms.
Pro-democracy activists,

journalists, and political figures have been arrested, charged, and

silenced under the guise of national security, while Beijing tightens

its grip on the former British colony.
The passage of the Article 23

legislation, which further restricts basic freedoms of speech and

assembly, will continue the erosion of the ``one country, two systems''

principle, undermining the aspirations of the people of Hong Kong and

threatening the stability and prosperity of the entire region.
For this

reason, I, along with Congressman Gus Bilirakis, introduced a House

Resolution that condemns the promulgation of the new Article 23

legislation and calls on other members of the international community

to similarly condemn the process of undermining freedoms in Hong Kong.
While the total number of lives impacted by China's suppression of

basic freedoms may never be fully known, I am honored to serve as an

advocate for one person who has witnessed firsthand the brutality of

the regime.
Mr. Ding Jiaxi, a prominent human rights lawyer and

democracy advocate was wrongfully imprisoned in 2019 for his peaceful

activism and charged for the crime of ``subversion of state power.''
Mr. Ding's courageous efforts to defend the lights of marginalized

communities and promote greater government accountability made him a

target of the regime's ruthless crackdown on dissent.
His arbitrary

detention, which included solitary confinement and physical abuse,

serves as a stark reminder of the grave risks faced by those who dare

to challenge the authoritarian rule of the CCP.
Together with the

Congressional Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission's Defending Freedoms

Project, I am committed to advocating for his release and reunion with

his family.
As we remember the victims of the Tiananmen Square massacre and honor

their memory, we must reaffirm our commitment to the values of

democracy, human rights, and freedom.
We stand in solidarity with the

people of China, Hong Kong, and all those around the world who continue

to courageously resist oppression and dream of a better future.