Bulgaria continues to invest in defense

capabilities, interoperability, and the development of a credible

defense posture in cooperation with the United States, as exemplified

by the purchase of sixteen F-16 Block 70 fighter jets from the United

States, and intending to purchase United States Stryker combat

vehicles.
The United States and Bulgaria share the understanding that energy

security is crucial component of national security, and Bulgaria has

made significant progress in reducing its dependency on Russian energy

resources and in diversifying its energy sector in collaboration with

the United States.
The two nations acknowledge the significance of

intensifying their cooperation in innovations, research, and emerging

technologies.
The people-to-people exchanges between the United States

and Bulgaria are vital for bolstering the bilateral relationship and

Bulgaria has made progress towards meeting criteria for visa-free

travel of Bulgarian citizens to the United States.
The shared

commitment to counter disinformation and hybrid threats was

demonstrated by the signing of a bilateral Memorandum of Understanding

on Countering Foreign Information Manipulation on September 25, 2023.
The year 2023 marks the 80th anniversary of the historic rescue of

50,000 Bulgarian Jews during the World War II.
It is acknowledged with

regret and sadness that 11,343 Jews were deported to Nazi concentration

camps from Macedonia, Thrace, and Pirot, territories administered by

Bulgaria at that time.
Bulgaria takes pride in its Jewish community and remains resolute in

its stance against any forms of discrimination, intolerance, and

antisemitism.
The vibrant Bulgarian-American community is contributing to America's

prosperity, including to its remarkable economic achievements, the

preservation of its technological edge, and the enrichment of American

culture and society, through its diverse talents, rich traditions, art,

music, dance, cuisine, and language.
Bulgaria's presence in the world's

biggest library, the United States Library of Congress is marked with a

collection of over 50,000 volumes of Bulgarian cultural heritage,

brought together by the Library of Congress in collaboration with

Bulgarian individuals and institutions since the 1880s.
The American

University in Bulgaria, the pioneer of American-style liberal arts

education in Eastern Europe, has been delivering exceptional education

for more than three decades.
There are 41 Bulgarian Sunday schools in

the United States, which are contributing to the preservation of

Bulgarian language and traditions and to the cultural diversity in the

United States.
Bulgaria is the place of origin of the Cyrillic

alphabet, which is currently taught in the Bulgarian Sunday schools

across the United States.
June 2002 and the following year a group for friendship with the United

States was formed in the National Assembly of the Republic of Bulgaria

demonstrating a dedication to the bilateral relationship.
America's

most successful and enduring relationships are built on shared values.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TED BLUM 4-H CENTER

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to Somerset County 4-H on the 50th anniversary

of the Ted Blum 4-H Center.
I am truly grateful to be celebrating this

monumental milestone with you all.
Named after Ted Blum, one of the most important and beloved figures

in New Jersey's 4-H community, Somerset County's 4-H Center was touted

as the largest building of its kind in the nation when it opened in

1974.
The Ted Blum 4-H Center has served as a model for 4-H facilities

nationwide, providing meeting spaces for clubs and events as well as

office space for the dedicated staff and volunteers who continue to

ensure that ``4-H Is Tops''.
I wish all the best to Somerset County 4-H on the 50th anniversary of

the landmark Ted Blum 4-H Center, and I extend my thanks for all that

they do for our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TIANANMEN SQUARE MASSACRE

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.