JUNE 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and

Wildlife Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING TOM COYNE FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE HOUSE

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, to celebrate his retirement, I rise to thank

Mr. Tom Coyne for 33 years of outstanding service to the U.S. House of

Representatives.
Tom has served this great institution as a valuable

employee of the House Chief Administrative Office, both in the Office

of Logistics & Support, and the Office of Finance.
His journey was not

without its challenges, but his resilience and dedication have been

unwavering, and we are all the better for it.
Before embarking on his 33-year journey with the U.S. House of

Representatives, Tom Coyne dedicated four years of his life to the U S.

Army, serving with honor in the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment, ``The Old

Guard'' Unit.
His military service concluded in 1984, and he then

pursued his passion for numbers, earning a degree in Accounting from

George Mason University.
Tom began his career at the House in February 1991 as an equipment

counselor in the Office Equipment Services, and due to his excellent

service, he was promoted through many positions, leading up to his role

as Chief Logistics Officer.
Tom assisted with multiple computer system

implementations, which include the fixed asset and inventory management

system (FAIMS), work ticketing, point of sale, finance, and online flag

ordering systems.
Additionally, Tom was instrumental in initiating and

managing the first Office Services department, allowing offices to

request CAO support and services more quickly.
For 33 years, Tom's logistical, technical, analytical, communication,

and financial skills have not just served the House, they have enriched

it.
His commitment and dedication have provided a wealth of

institutional knowledge, resulting in numerous successful initiatives

and programs.
He has been a pillar of support during all significant

events over the past three decades, such as 9/11, Anthrax, the

pandemic, 17 Congressional transitions, five Inaugurations, and nine

House leadership changes.
His professionalism, solid presence, and

unwavering confidence has been a source of reassurance for his team,

the Chief Administrative Office, and the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Tom's physical presence will be missed in the halls, his legacy

will continue to guide us.
The Logistics & Support employees will

continue to rely on his example, asking themselves daily, ``What would

Tom do?''
This commitment ensures that the House Members will continue

to receive the best service, a testament to Tom's lasting impact.
In retirement, Tom looks forward to embarking on new adventures.
He

plans to spend more time exploring the world with his wife, Susan, and

cherishing family moments with his sons, Tom and wife Amanda, Joe,

James, and daughter Jennifer.
The most recent addition to the family is

his grandson, Henry, who will undoubtedly bring joy and laughter to

their lives.
Tom is excited about the opportunities and future

endeavors that retirement will bring, and we wish him all the best in

his new chapter.
On behalf of the entire House community, we extend our warmest

congratulations to Tom Coyne.
We celebrate his many years of dedication

and outstanding contributions to the U.S. House of Representatives.
We

wish Tom many wonderful years in fulfilling his retirement dreams.
May

this new chapter be filled with joy, adventure, and fulfillment.