Together with the

Congressional Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission's Defending Freedoms

Project, I am committed to advocating for his release and reunion with

his family.
As we remember the victims of the Tiananmen Square massacre and honor

their memory, we must reaffirm our commitment to the values of

democracy, human rights, and freedom.
We stand in solidarity with the

people of China, Hong Kong, and all those around the world who continue

to courageously resist oppression and dream of a better future.
Let us

continue to pursue a world where freedoms are protected, and people

like Mr. Ding Jiaxi, are not wrongfully imprisoned and silenced, but

instead honored for their work to improve society.
The image of a

single protestor who stood in the way of a column of tanks rolling

through the streets of Beijing in June 1989 will continue to inspire

those who will bravely face brute force for the sake of freedom.
In

confronting tyranny and injustice, we draw inspiration from the courage

and resilience of those who have dared to challenge authoritarian rule.
Their struggle is our struggle, and their cause is our cause.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BERNICE TROTTER

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bernice Trotter, a World

War II veteran, and Tulsa native, who turned 100 years old yesterday.
Ms. Trotter was a member of the U.S. Marine Corps Women's Reserve

from 1944 to 1946.
She enlisted within a few weeks of her brother,

Franklin, who was killed in action in Germany in 1945.
Ms. Trotter completed basic training at Camp Pendleton, California

and she remained there to faithfully execute her duties driving a jeep

for a Major she was assigned to.
The only problem was that she didn't

know how to drive.
Ms. Trotter and the other 18,000 women that joined

the Marine Corps Women's Reserve didn't make excuses, they learned, and

did their jobs with honor.
Our Nation stands on the strong shoulders of courageous, determined,

and resourceful women like Ms. Trotter who answered the call to serve

our Nation in one of our greatest hours of need.
Happy birthday to Miss

Minnie.
She has done Franklin, and this entire Nation proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
BOBBY KALOTEE

HON.
ANTHONY D'ESPOSITO

Mr. D'ESPOSITO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Bobby Kalotee,

a distinguished civic leader on Long Island who has lived the American

dream.
He came here from India as an immigrant with a desire to serve

the communities he now called home.
For over four decades now, he

either led or participated in a multitude of community projects,

organizations and charitable work for the people of not just Nassau

County but across New York State and beyond.
Though he chaired several

political parties, he never viewed politics as a sport for gain but as

a vehicle for advocacy and civic duty.
He sought to address the issues

that afflicted countless lives regardless of their zip code of social

status.
As a Major in the New York State Guard, Dr. Kalotee serves in the

Division of Military and Naval Affairs and as a General in the United

States Disaster Relief Command, which oversees operations that are

vital to all Long Islanders.
Here at home, Dr. Kalotee served as the

Director and Vice Chair of the Counsel for Stony Brook University's

Brookhaven National Labs and continues to serve on the board of the New

York Institute of Technology.
As the Chairman of the Nassau County

Human Rights Commission, Dr. Kalotee has even personally witnessed many

elections both here and abroad and has been invited to attend the

inaugurations of several esteemed heads of state.