By expanding AmeriCorps, we would reduce the number of unemployed young

people, provide them work skills and experience and help understaffed

state and local governments provide services.
This bill would also establish that the minimum wage for any

AmeriCorps State and National member would be 200 percent of the

federal poverty line, and would not allow for a decrease in that

amount, as is allowed under current law.
AmeriCorps members serve their

country and gain skills, but we should increase the minimum wage for

everybody, including national service members.
For some time, it has been clear that policies to address the most

stubborn forms of unemployment need to be targeted in order to be

effective.
Without significant targeting, many young people will

continue to face their first years as adults without jobs and with no

way to acquire necessary work experience.
They deserve a better start

in life as adults.
I ask my colleagues to support this urgently needed, targeted

assistance for our unemployed youth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROBERT M. IAMELLO, AIA

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Robert

(Bob) M. Iamello whose dedication to the Amerigo Vespucci Society and

his Italian heritage will be recognized by the organization with its

``Man of the Year'' award on June 8, 2024.
Robert Iamello maintains his Italian heritage through his family and

his involvement with the Amergio Vespucci Society (AVS).
Raised in West

Long Branch, New Jersey, Mr. Iamello grew up in a household that

embraced its Calabrian lineage.
His parents and grandparents often

conversed with each other in Italian, introducing Mr. Iamello to the

language.
In college, he studied abroad in Venice, and has visited

Italy many times since.
Together with Diane, his wife of nearly 45

years, he has two children and three grandchildren.
He takes great

pride in his family and heritage, sharing his experiences with other

members of the AVS.
Mr. Iamello received his Associate Degree in Engineering for

Architectural Engineering Technology from Wentworth Institute of

Technology and his Bachelor in Architecture from the University of

Kentucky.
Throughout his 47-year career, he was employed by

architectural firms in New York and New Jersey before opening Ocean

Township-based Iamello Architectural Studio LLC with his daughter in

2014.
Mr. Iamello is a member of several architectural organizations

and has been recognized for his work.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Mr. Robert Iamello as

the recipient of the Amerigo Vespucci Society ``Man of the Year''

award.
This honor is a testament to his hard work, dedication, and

service to family and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MR.
PATRICK COLLIGAN, PRESIDENT OF THE

NEW JERSEY STATE POLICEMAN'S BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION

HON.
JOSH GOTTHEIMER

Mr. GOTTHEIMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Patrick

Colligan on his retirement as President of the New Jersey Policeman's

Benevolent Association or New Jersey State PBA.
Over his decade-long

tenure as New Jersey State PBA President, Mr. Colligan has stood out as

a passionate advocate for law enforcement across the state.
Personally,

he has been a friend and trusted advisor on key bipartisan bills like

the Invest to

Protect Act.
Mr. Colligan's tireless advocacy on behalf of New Jersey

police will be honored and appreciated for years to come.
Patrick Colligan began his career in law enforcement in August 1992

at the age of 27 with the Franklin Township Police Department He

graduated from Class 9-92 of the Somerset County Police Academy, where

he served as class president and was the recipient of an academy

leadership award.
During his law enforcement career, Patrick received more than a dozen

awards, citations, and commendations.
He is a founding member of the

County Firewatch Program, a preventive program for juvenile fire

setters.
He also is a charter member of the County Arson Task Force.