Last week, the National Energy System Operator published a full systems cost analysis of the Secretary of State’s flagship project to carbonise the grid by 2030.
This morning, the Secretary of State said on several media outlets that the report shows that his plans will lower bills.
I remind the House that the report assumes that gas prices are 40% higher than the Department’s own estimates, that the price of carbon price is at least double what it is now, that the Government can commission more offshore wind in the next two years than in the last six combined without moving prices, and that they can build the grid at a pace we have never seen before in this country, without any delays.
Even if all that is achieved, page 78 of the report shows that the cost of the system will be higher.
For clarity, would the Minister like to repeat at the Dispatch Box the Secretary of State’s claim that the NESO report shows that Labour’s system will lead to a lower cost of electricity?
What the shadow Secretary of State has just outlined quite coherently is that the Conservatives have no ambition in this space whatsoever, but we do.
I am very happy for the right hon.
Lady to outline where our ambition is.
We will build faster than the previous Government, although I have to say that that would not be difficult.
The shadow Minister sitting next to her,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , said quite clearly at their conference that the previous Government had built infrastructure far too slowly, and their former Energy Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , said that their onshore wind ban was “always mad”.
We are quite happy to pick up where they left off and deliver the clean power that this country needs.
This is the ministerial team who told the electorate they were going to cut their bills by £300, without doing any homework to find out how those  plans would work.
They voted against our amendment to hold them to account on their own pledge just two weeks ago, and now they are trying to claim that the NESO report shows that their approach will lower bills when in fact it shows in black and white that the system will be much more expensive.
Does the Minister not see that if they follow this plan, we will be a warning, not an example, to the rest of the world and that the British people will be colder and poorer as a result?
Time and again, the Conservatives run away from their record on this in office.
The reason why people right across this country are paying more on their energy bills is that the Conservatives did not get us off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel markets, but we are now moving at pace.
The right hon.
Lady may want to keep us in the vulnerable state where we are reliant on international gas markets, but we are determined that we will not do that.
We will bring down bills and deliver energy security.
I am not ashamed to say that we will move with great ambition to deliver what this country needs and to deliver the good jobs that go with it.
What steps he is taking to establish Great British Energy.
We are moving at pace to set up Great British Energy.
So far we have appointed the start-up chair, Jürgen Maier, we have announced that the headquarters will be in Aberdeen and we have progressed the Bill through the House of Commons.
This builds on the first partnership announced for Great British Energy, with the Crown Estate, and on a recent new deal to collaborate with Scottish public bodies.
We are getting on with the job of delivering 21st-century public ownership for the British people.
Every family and every business in my constituency paid the price of 14 years of Conservative failure with rocketing energy bills because the last Government failed to invest in clean energy.
The Opposition continue to oppose Great British Energy.
Does the Minister recognise the absurdity of their argument that they are quite happy with foreign public ownership as long as it is not UK citizens who own our energy?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
It is important to remember that, despite what the Conservatives might have us believe, Great British Energy is overwhelmingly popular with the British people.
That includes the people in Scotland, because of course it was not just the Conservative party who did not vote for Great British Energy; surprisingly, the Scottish National party also failed to vote for a publicly owned champion in our energy space.
We are getting on with delivering jobs and growth, delivered with public ownership through Great British Energy.
Before the election, Labour said that Great British Energy would cut electricity bills by £300.
After the election, the Labour Government voted against writing that into law and instead took away people’s winter fuel payments and made their bills more expensive.
The  Institute for Fiscal Studies has now said that their policies are fundamentally raising prices for consumers to the tune of £120 per household, and we know from the NESO report that this will get worse.
Even if they triple the pace of wind roll-out, double the pace of grid connection and make other heroic assumptions, all of this is going to bump up costs further, is it not?
We are doing this from the basis of having the high electricity prices in Europe.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact on British industry?
Question after question from the Conservatives shows that they do not recognise the part they played for 14 years in why we are paying higher bills than ever before.
We are the only party with an ambitious plan to get us off the volatile fossil fuel markets.
The Conservatives used to believe that, in our drive to net zero, we should build this infrastructure for the long term.
They are now opposing it, but they will have to tell their constituents why they want to leave them exposed to rising bills.
Whether he plans to support the development of fusion power plants connected to the grid.
We agree that fusion could be a globally transformative green energy solution.
The UK Government’s fusion programme continues to lead the world in the development of fusion energy, and our ambition is to continue to do so.
Two weeks ago, the Budget announcement that the first fusion power plant will be built in Bassetlaw was welcome news.
Can the Minister provide greater detail on this commitment, alongside the funding support being made available for the next financial year?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her constituency, and I was pleased to meet her to talk about this issue and to hear her Westminster Hall debate.
I look forward to visiting her constituency later this month to see the fusion café and to visit West Burton, the site of the STEP project, after which I hope to be able to share more detail on how we will support fusion.
Dounreay, in my constituency, was the site of the UK’s first fission reactor.
Today, we have a highly skilled workforce, a licensed site and a local population that warmly supports the industry.
Will the Government seriously consider involving Dounreay as we bring fusion to its wonderful fruition?
I think fusion has huge potential, and so many companies stand to benefit.
It is not just about the ultimate goal of fusion energy; it is also about all the technological advances we will discover.
I have spoken to fusion companies which are, for example, finding uses for cancer treatment.
I am very interested to hear what the hon.
Gentleman has to say about the possibilities of fusion in his constituency.
We want to see this proceed.
If he drops me a line, I will be happy to explore the opportunities in his patch.