We recognise that many vulnerable people, including those with high energy usage, often bear the greatest burden when energy prices increase.
That is why we are doing all we can, including by working with energy companies, to make sure that we are providing additional support this winter and beyond.
I will take my hon.
Friend’s point away and follow up with him in due course.
Given that 64% of homes in Shipley have an energy performance certificate rating of D or below, I very much welcome the Government’s commitment to the warm homes plan.
The charity Groundwork provides a “warm homes healthy people” scheme across Bradford district, installing energy-efficiency measures, and offering advice and support on energy bills.
Does the Minister agree that local charities need support to continue to help those who are most in need this winter?
It is a national scandal that so many homes across the country have an EPC rating that is below C—a failure of the last Government to deliver the scale of home upgrades that we need.
We are determined to end the injustice of people living in cold and draughty homes.
I completely agree that we must do everything we can to support vulnerable households with their energy bills this winter.
That is why we are providing 3.3 million households with the warm home discount, why we are working with energy suppliers to provide additional support, including through charities, and why we have extended the household support fund.
Does the Minister agree that we particularly need a comprehensive warm homes plan in rural areas in order to identify very old homes and ensure that insulation is targeted to maximise reduction in their energy usage?
We will ensure that we see upgrades in every part of the country; we will be working with combined authorities, local government and the devolved Administrations to make sure that we are delivering the scale of upgrades needed across the country.
In the light of the warm homes plan, is the Minister aware of challenges faced by homeowners who used the green homes grant for spray foam insulation?
Many now find their homes unmortgageable, and face significant costs for removal and repair.
Will the Minister consider measures to support such homeowners as part of the warm homes plan?
I am aware that many households have had upgrades that have not gone to plan.
It is critical that we build confidence, because in the end we need to persuade consumers up and down the country to have these upgrades.
There were schemes under the last Administration that were not regulated and did not have the correct standards, and we are working hard to make sure that we raise standards across the piece.
We are going to need a warm homes plan, because with the snow and ice coming in on a cold front, Scotland is seeing a “sum front” heading north from this Labour Government: a £600 cut to the winter fuel payment and the pensioners’ cost of living payment—for winter weather that is here now.
That was not in the manifesto.
What  was in the manifesto was a £300 cut to fuel bills, but those costs are now up by £450.
When will this Government do a single thing for people facing fuel poverty?
We will work across the country to tackle fuel poverty, but I remind the hon.
Member that fuel payments are devolved.
The Scottish Government have been given the biggest budget, and it is time to get on with the job and fix the situation.