Ahead of the general election the Labour party was warned that its plans for the North sea in Scotland would lead to up to 100,000 Scottish job losses.
Last week this became a reality when the US oil firm Apache said that it would end all its operations in the North sea by the end of 2029, citing this UK Government’s Budget and tax regime.
Can the Minister explain why this UK Government sees the jobs and livelihoods of oil and gas workers in the north-east of Scotland as expendable?
I do not believe that at all.
This Government are committed to a just and prosperous transition.
The reality is that 100,000 jobs have been lost in the oil and gas industry in the past 10 years.
If we do not recognise that there is a transition under way and put in place the measures to produce the jobs of the future, we will have more losses.
The party that the hon.
Member represents could have done something about that by supporting Great British Energy headquarters in Aberdeen but he failed to show up and vote for it.
I declare an interest as a chair of the all-party parliamentary group for critical minerals.
Domestic supplies of copper and, of course, Cornish tin are critical to the UK’s energy security.
What consideration has the Minister given to ensuring that copper and tin are recognised as critical minerals?
The process in terms of what is on the list of critical minerals is independent, but I have a strong interest, as does my hon.
Friend, in ensuring that we produce as many critical minerals here as we can and that the supply chains around the world are working for us.
I am looking at a critical minerals strategy, which will come forward in due course.
12.39 pm
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Ministers have repeatedly said today that the NESO report shows that their plans will lower energy bills, but page 78 of the report makes it clear that no such thing will happen.
If Ministers read their own report and realise that they have misled the House, would it be appropriate for them to come back and apologise?
I am not responsible for Ministers’ answers, but I am sure Ministers will have heard that point of order, and if they wish to correct the record, they can do so.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions when she plans to respond to the Social Security Advisory Committee’s letter, published on  17 October 2024 , on the means-testing of winter fuel payments.
We welcome the letter from the chair of the Social Security Advisory Committee.
We were hoping to respond to the letter on the day of the Budget.
Regrettably, there has been an unexpected further delay, and we are due to issue the response this week.
However, my officials met the committee in August to discuss the regulations, prior to the committee’s formal scrutiny in early September.
I want to explain briefly why it is important to invoke the urgency procedure in this case.
We needed to make the necessary Exchequer savings in the current financial year, as the regulations needed to come into force on  16 September .
The previous Government left us with a £22 billion black hole, with Treasury reserves spent three times over.
The day-to-day departmental spending set out by the previous Government in their spring Budget was not even close to reality.
It is now up to us to clear up the mess of the previous Government, so we had to take some difficult decisions, such as means-testing the winter fuel payment, but we remain determined to do everything possible to support the poorest pensioners.
We have taken immediate action to increase the take-up of pension credit, working with charities and local authorities and through a campaign in print and broadcast media.
The Government have written to more than 12 million pensioners about the changes to means-testing the winter fuel payment.
We have also written to 120,000 pensioners on housing benefit, who could be entitled to pension credit, to encourage them to claim.
We have extended the household support fund until March 2026.
Thanks to our steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will see their state pension rise by up to £470 next year, and up to £1,900 over the course of this Parliament.
The warm home discount, which we heard about a minute ago, is worth £150 off energy bills for low-income households.
The warm homes plan will in the longer term insulate 5 million more homes.
By taking these difficult decisions, we were able to provide a cash injection of £22.6 billion to the NHS budget, which is the largest real-terms growth in day-to-day NHS spending—outside of covid—since 2010.
That will bring down waiting times for people across the country, including many pensioners.
We are taking the responsible and difficult decisions to clear up the mess of the previous Government, to fix the foundations of our economy and rebuild our public services.