Me or him, Mr Speaker?
[Laughter.]
Mr Speaker, perhaps if I start,  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  could finish.
In order to safeguard renewable jobs and to create new ones, will the Minister consider a specific project that has hydro-turbine manufacturers such as Gilkes in Kendal, and many others around the country, working alongside our farmers to make use of streams, becks and rivers that go through farmland to create renewable industry and, indeed, new jobs?
We are ambitious to create all the jobs that we want to see in the green technologies of the future.
I would be very interested to hear more about what the hon.
Gentleman has to say.
The Climate Change Committee estimates that up to 750,000 net jobs could be created by 2030.
Opposition Members have decided that they do not support that path.
The question is: why are they objecting to all these new jobs that we will be creating across our country?
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
We are committed to an ambitious warm homes plan, which will upgrade homes across the country, making them warmer and cheaper to run, by installing new insulation and rolling out low carbon heating such as solar and heat pumps.
As a first step, the Government have committed an initial £3.4 billion over the next three years towards upgrading homes.
We have already hit the ground running with the roll out of our warm homes local grant, and our warm homes social housing fund.
We will set out more details in due course.
Too many of my constituents are living in poorly insulated social housing.
New mother Dionne, for instance, had the insulation from her flat removed last year by her social landlord because it was full of mould and mildew.
She is now facing her second winter without insulation.
Will the Minister confirm that the warm homes plan will introduce tough new standards to ensure that social housing providers get on and insulate their housing stock?
Yes, absolutely.
Raising standards in the social housing sector will be a critical part of our warm homes plan.
We have already announced plans to lift 1 million renters out of fuel poverty by raising the minimum energy efficiency standard in both the private and the social-rented sector, which will ensure that renters no longer have to live in cold, drafty homes.
We will also unlock £1 billion-worth of investment to the national wealth fund in partnership with leading banks to upgrade more social homes, and we will set out more detail to build on that in due course.