We are committed to track 2, and I recognise the huge advantages of Acorn that the hon.
Gentleman has highlighted.
Our record £21.7 billion investment demonstrates our long-term commitment and gives industry the certainty it needs.
The ups and downs of CCUS under the previous Government did not provide the certainty that people required, and certainty is what we are looking to deliver.
We understand that people want clarity, and we will be making further announcements in the coming months.
The path to carbon capture and storage is littered with failure: three previous projects never got off the ground, despite lots of taxpayer money going into them.
What precisely are the Government going to do to ensure that this project delivers?
If the hon.
Lady would look towards me a little bit, I will be able to hear the question.
We realise that CCUS is an emerging industry, but it is also one that we can lead on internationally, thanks to the unique geography of the North sea.
We will do all we can to help industry scale up in this technology, which we believe will play a crucial role in our mission towards clean power.
Whether he has had recent discussions with National Grid on diversifying the energy mix of its network.
The Government regularly meet stakeholders to discuss the development of our energy infrastructure.
Last week, the Government received advice from the National Energy System Operator outlining its advice on the pathway towards clean power by 2030.
Later this year we will publish our 2030 action plan, which will set out details on the future of our energy mix.
Offshore wind has been a real positive for our energy security and grid independence, but unfortunately not when the wind does not blow.
Given the election of a President who tells us he is going to “drill, baby, drill,” what revision does the Minister anticipate to his timetable towards net zero?
As I said in my previous answer, later this year we will outline our action plan on how we will deliver on the 2030 target; there is no change to our timetable in that regard.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a good point about what happens when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine, and about ensuring we have a mix in our energy system.
That is why we remain supportive of nuclear and why we have recently announced investment in long-duration energy storage, to ensure we can capture energy and use it when we need it.
I was delighted by Ofgem’s announcement this morning that it now recommends that the proposed Nautilus interconnector should be located at the Isle of Grain, not on the Suffolk coast.
Since I have been elected, I have made firm representations to the Minister and Ofgem, including via its consultation, that the Suffolk coast should not have been considered and brownfield sites should have been considered first.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss other National Grid projects in my constituency?
Ofgem has announced today decisions on a number of interconnectors.
Those are decisions for Ofgem and not for the Government.
We have recently announced the launch of a strategic spatial energy plan, to ensure that we plan such projects holistically, across the whole of the United Kingdom, and take into account a number of schemes when planning future energy, such as those my hon.
Friend mentions in her constituency.
I will continue to have discussions about that with Members from across the country.
China’s largest offshore floating wind turbine company, Ming Yang Smart Energy, plans to build its first manufacturing plant outside China in Scotland.
Ming Yang benefits from huge subsidies in China, but there are serious questions about energy security and national security.
The Secretary of State says he wants to end reliance on foreign autocrats, but when he was asked about this on the radio this morning, he had no answer.
Will the Minister rule out allowing any turbines that might be controlled by hostile states?
We are encouraging investment in the UK to build the infrastructure that we need in the future.
Just today, we have announced the clean industry bonus that will give as much support as possible to companies to build their supply chains here in this country.
We will continue to look at supply chains and, of course, we take seriously the companies, across the range of business projects, that are investing in this country.
There is a series of processes already under way across Government.
Whenever anybody wants to invest in this country, those processes will be followed in the usual manner.
Mr Speaker, will you and the Minister give the House an opportunity to celebrate the £1 billion of investment announced today in offshore wind in this country?
It will provide jobs across the country, as promised by this Government, which the British people are not used to after the past 14 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the infrastructure required to connect that clean, secure energy to our homes, in particular the Sea Link project that could have an impact in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fantastic announcement today by ScottishPower of £1 billion of investment here in the UK, building the infrastructure that we need, and delivering jobs and skills in this country as well.
It is one of a number of announcements that we expect, because we are not agnostic in this Government on delivering the industrial strategy that we need.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for  Industry is working on that at the moment.
We will deliver the jobs in this country to build the clean power of the future.
We will deliver good, well-paid jobs and the energy security we need.
What steps she is taking to support job creation in the renewable energy sector.
Delivering good jobs is the driving force behind our growth and clean energy missions.
Great British Energy and the national wealth fund will crowd in private sector investment to spread jobs across the country through investment in clean energy.
I am delighted that the Prime Minister has today launched the clean industry bonus, which will incentivise developers to invest in the UK’s industrial heartlands, coastal areas and oil and gas communities, boosting jobs and delivering on another of our manifesto promises.
I am also delighted with my hon.
Friend’s commitment to delivering clean energy jobs.
It is important to constituencies such as mine in Peterborough, which could be the King’s Cross for a new core hydrogen network—as recommended by the National Infrastructure Commission—thanks to National Gas’s Project Union.
National Gas has its hydrogen-ready gas compression site in our city and we are about to open a new green technology centre to develop new green jobs and apprenticeships.
Will the Minister commit to working with local authorities such as mine, colleges, and businesses such as National Gas, to deliver new jobs across the supply chain and in all parts of the country?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s sentiment and commend the work that he is doing in his constituency.
Low carbon technology will of course play a critical role in our future, from hydrogen to carbon capture and to renewable energy.
I am pleased that, in the Budget, we saw the funding of 11 hydrogen projects, which will drive jobs and growth.
I am really keen to talk to him about his plans for Peterborough becoming the King’s Cross for a hydrogen network and applaud the work that is going on in his constituency around green jobs.
rose— rose—