We will announce new statistics at the end of this month.
The committee asked about the 5% increase; that assumption is based on what happened when the previous Government took away free TV licences and people had to apply for them.
The OBR accepted our assumption.
What is the point of having a Social Security Advisory Committee if the Government do not listen to and take its advice?
Would it not be better to abolish the committee if the Government are intent on ignoring it?
No.
I was reassured by the Minister’s response that we will soon see a reply to that letter.
My constituents are not fools—they can see that while Opposition parties oppose the cut, they are not proposing how they would fund the payment.
My constituents also see the desperate lack of people claiming pension credit.
I put on the record my thanks to Age Scotland for its guidance to my staff on how to ensure that more people in my constituency claim it.
The letter refers to winter fuel payment claimants in England, Wales, the EU, Switzerland, Iceland, Lichtenstein  and Norway, but not Scotland.
Is that because in Scotland, the Scottish Government have the power both to maintain the winter fuel payment and to fully fund it?
Yes, as I understand it that is in the Scottish Government’s gift.
Has the Minister had the chance to visit the DWP library, and has she made a note of how many drives there have been over the years to take up pension credit, and whether any of them ever reached as high even as three quarters of those who are eligible?
The previous Government promised 13 years ago to merge housing benefit with pension credit, which would be a significant advance towards improvements.
We are introducing that in January.
We will have been in power for only six months, but we will have done more than the previous Government did in 14 years.
Many pensioners are terrified of going into debt and do not want to switch on their heating in case they end up with massive bills.
Temperatures will drop below freezing in Scotland at the beginning of next week, so will the Minister apologise to those pensioners across Scotland who will not be able to put the heating on because they fear going into debt?
I urge the hon.
Lady to look at the support available to low income households through the warm homes discount scheme, the extension of the household support fund and our commitment to the triple lock, which will ensure that 12 million pensioners see a rise in their pension of up to £470 next year, and £1,900 over the course of this Parliament.
In the longer term, I urge her to look at the detail of the warm homes plan, which will transform homes across the country by making them cleaner and cheaper to heat.
On  19 September , the Minister’s Department told me in response to a written question that 48,351 people in my constituency had been eligible for winter fuel payments.
While we are proud to offer forever homes to so many pensioners, that is a preposterous figure, relating to a heartless and unnecessary decision that will cost more in the long term.
How do I or any of my residents have confidence in what the Government are doing, since they believe that more than half my constituency is made up pensioners, and cannot even get the basic numbers right?
I quote one of the hon.
Lady’s fellow politicians: “I have people in my constituency telling me that they don’t need the winter fuel payments that we give them because they can afford it.”
Those are the words of the Leader of the Opposition,  the right hon.
Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) .
The Social Security Advisory Committee’s letter calls for an urgent amendment to allow those in receipt of pensioner housing benefit to   receive the winter fuel payment this year.
I believe the UK Government should go further, extending eligibility to people on council tax support, attendance allowance, disability living allowance, personal independent payments and carer’s allowance.
Will the UK Government rethink their position on eligibility and reduce pensioner hardship this winter?
The hon.
Lady’s question allows me to focus on the communications around this change.
It is not just about pension credit, but about people on working tax credit, child tax credit and other benefits.
The committee was concerned about pensioners in receipt of child tax credit; pensioners should check whether they are eligible for other qualifying benefits for winter fuel payments, because it is quite a complicated system.
It is not just about whether someone is already on pension credit.
The Government say that they want everyone who is eligible for pension credit to claim it and get it, but as the Social Security Advisory Committee points out, they expect only a 5% increase in uptake.
Is the reality not that the Government need hundreds of thousands of pensioners not to claim this entitlement that they deserve, in order to make their figures add up and to cut £1.4 billion from winter fuel payments?
I would be very pleased if all pensioners who are eligible for pension credit applied and received the help that they deserve.