The US President-elect, Donald Trump, has repeatedly called climate change “a hoax”.
I share the concerns of young people in South Cambridgeshire that these views represent a threat to our efforts to tackle climate change.
The global community is meeting right now at the international climate summit in Azerbaijan—COP29.
Does the Minister believe and share with me the view that the UK must rebuild its leadership by getting back on track with our climate and nature targets?
I agree that it is now more important than ever that the UK shows global leadership, and that is exactly what the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and the Energy Secretary are doing with their presence at COP today—I will be heading out there tomorrow.
I am very keen to work with the hon.
Lady cross-party on these issues.
Working with young people is very important as well.
I am proud that Exeter is already a global leader in climate research.
Does the Minister agree that this Government’s mission on clean power will deliver lower bills, energy security and allow this country to enter COP29 as a world leader when it comes to climate action?
As I have said, showing domestic leadership gives us the credibility to show international leadership too.
We will be doing both.
Forests in North America are being chopped down to supply wood to burn at Drax power station, at a cost of £2 million a day in subsidies, while pensioners will perish this winter.
Does the Minister agree that it is time to end this net zero madness and admit that fossil fuels are “a gift of the God?”
It perhaps will not surprise the hon.
Gentleman or the House that I am not going to agree with his final point.
Net zero is incredibly important to deliver climate leadership, lower bills and the jobs of the future.
But on biomass, we rightly expect full compliance with all regulatory obligations on biomass, and consumers rightly recognise the high standard of accountability from generators.
In my constituency there are nearly 1,500 members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Minister on the superb decision made in the Budget to return the investment of the reserve to them.
I understand that this will mean a 32% rise in their weekly pension.
Can the Minister confirm that this is correct?
That is correct.
It will mean, on average, an extra £29 a week, putting right a wrong that has persisted for far too long.
Although the money is important and a key part of it, we have done the right thing—and about time too.
Some 112,000 members across the country will benefit.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for permitting me to raise this important constituency matter from the Back Benches.
On  2 July    this year, during the installation of a ground source heat pump in a constituent’s back garden, a gas field was struck and gas was released.
On  19 October  there was an explosion, which resulted in the deaths of two of my constituents and the continuing evacuation of 50 households.
Matters related to the period between  2 July  and  19 October  are subject to investigation.
I am advised that this is the first such instance of gas being encountered, but given that ground source heat pumps are expected to play a significant role in decarbonising home heating, will the Minister undertake to review the regulations covering the installation of ground source heat pumps, and will she arrange a meeting for me with the relevant Minister to discuss these matters further?
I am sorry to hear about the incident that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
We absolutely need to ensure, as we roll out all low-carbon technology, that standards are at the highest level.
I undertake to meet him to understand the specific circumstances and see what we can do in terms of reviewing regulation.
The Joint European Torus fusion experiment in Oxfordshire has been delivering fantastic scientific results, standing at the forefront of UK science and the fusion experiment internationally.
As JET begins to be decommissioned as we move forward to our next large experiment in Bassetlaw, can the Minister comment on how we will retain all the excellent science expertise that has been built up in JET over the past decade?
I got to see the JET project when I visited Culham.
There is huge potential for a cluster there.
Many more companies are being attracted to that sector.
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to maximise the skills that are there, but I am confident, having spoken to companies that have been attracted to Culham, and having spoken to international companies too, that we will continue to do so.
Many homes in my constituency are off grid, which means that their owners have to fill up the tank at the beginning of winter to keep warm.
The pensioners who have lost the winter fuel payment are struggling with that up-front amount.
Will the Minister review the level at which the winter fuel payment is removed, because the most vulnerable are struggling?
We are doing everything we can to help the households that will struggle with bills this winter.
We have had a big push to increase the uptake of pension credit and we are working with energy suppliers to provide additional support this winter, alongside our warm home discount, which will provide a rebate of £150 to households in fuel poverty.
We have also extended the household support fund.
I have worked for many years with London School of Economics academic and UK resident Dr Gubad Ibadoghlu, who has been arbitrarily detained in Azerbaijan since July 2023 for uncovering corruption in the fossil fuel industry, despite a severe  medical condition.
During COP29, will Ministers meet their Azerbaijani counterparts to urge them to drop the charges and to release him?
I understand that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Minister has raised the case with the Azerbaijani Foreign Minister and urged allowing Dr Ibadoghlu to travel overseas for specialist medical care if required.
We will continue to use our diplomatic channels to raise our concerns about the protection of freedom and human rights in Azerbaijan, including for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Conservative Members will never stop holding the Government to account for their pre-election promise to cut energy bills by £300.
Have civil service officials conducted any modelling whatsoever that can legitimise that figure?
We arrived at the figure through independent analysis.
We stand by the reality that the only way to bring down bills is to commit to our 2030 target.
The National Energy System Operator backs that, but the Conservative party fails to support that action.
The hon.
Member therefore must explain what the Conservative plan is for reducing bills for people who are paying more than they have ever paid.
My constituents understand that tackling the climate crisis and getting lower bills go hand in hand, and they are excited about Great British Energy.
Will GBE invest in community energy projects in places such as Macclesfield?
My hon.
Friend is right to make a point about community energy.
The local power plan that we are committed to will deliver community energy projects throughout Great Britain.
I am sure that Macclesfield has some fantastic projects that Great British Energy will look at.
We want to unleash the potential of community energy across the country.
National Grid’s rationale for rebuilding East Claydon substation is based on speculative applications, not consented real schemes.
Will the Minister therefore meet me to find a way to get National Grid more grounded in reality rather than speculation?
I am happy to look at specific cases, but the Secretary of State’s role as final decision maker on some planning applications means that I cannot comment on them.
However, generally speaking, the hon.
Member makes an important point about looking at how we plan projects holistically throughout the country.
That is why we have announced the first ever spatial energy plan for the whole of Great Britain.
The devastating scenes of flooding in Spain remind us all of why urgent investment is needed to deal with the deadly consequences of climate change.
Does the Minister agree that that investment should be paid for by the polluting companies that have caused the climate crisis?
We hope that, at COP29 in the coming weeks, we can settle on a figure for a new ambitious goal, which will not just bring in finance from donor countries, but mobilise private sector finance.
We will use all the mechanisms we can to ensure that we get money to developing countries as quickly as possible.
As my hon.
Friend said, it is more urgent than ever to act.
Order.
I have got to get all Members in, and Ministers have got to help me and work with me.
Bolney and Twineham parishes in my constituency hosts the Rampion windfarm substation, which leads to several battery energy storage solution applications.
What reassurance can the Minister give my constituents about the adequacy of the regulatory framework?
Batteries will play an important role in our energy mix in the short duration storage that we need.
We will continue to look at whether the regulatory arrangements are sufficient.
Obviously, we want all the applications to be for safe projects.
The regulations are in place to ensure that.
If we need to do any more work, we will happily look at that.
We had a very successful all-party group meeting last week on floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
I know the Minister is supportive and ask him to consider mechanisms such as ringfencing contracts for difference and investment in ports to kickstart the investment in the Celtic sea.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the important potential of the Celtic sea in our green energy transition.
I will be in Wales tomorrow to speak at a green energy conference on exactly that question.
There is huge potential in floating offshore wind.
We want to bring the manufacturing jobs in the supply chain to this country as well, which is why we launched today our clean industry bonus to bring that investment here to build the factories of the future and deliver the good, clean jobs of the future.
The wind industry has rightly agreed a standard compensation package for rural communities with big wind plants.
The solar industry, however, is, unsurprisingly, busy whitewashing Uyghur slave labour in its supply chains rather than doing that.
If it will not act, will the Government step forward and recognise that they must support rural communities by creating a standardised compensation programme?
The hon.
Lady has pursued this and several other issues to do with the solar industry for a long time.
We are currently looking at all the options, particularly around community benefits, to ensure that they are at a scale—following on from the previous Government’s consultation on whether they should be compulsory—that genuinely benefits communities.
My constituent Konnie Huq, with Arts Council and Lottery funding, has compiled a kids’ climate guide, with Jamie  Oliver among the contributors.
Will Ministers join forces with her to get it out there, preferably to every school in the country, because we have got to start young?
I would be more than happy to meet with my hon.
Friend and her constituent, who sounds rather familiar, to discuss what more we can do to support climate education among children, including in our schools.
I met with National Grid yesterday and communicated my concerns about the Norwich to Tilbury line
but we remained constructive and talked about community benefit schemes.
Unfortunately, it told me that the Government were dragging their feet on defining community benefit schemes.
Can the Minister update the House on when they will bring forward guidance, and can he promise that a community benefit scheme is a real, positive economic benefit for my residents who are impacted by the pylons?
Clearly I cannot speak for National Grid but I can speak for this Government and in four months we have moved as quickly as possible on what a community benefit scheme will look like for network infrastructure as well as for generation projects.
The Conservative party had 14 years to put in place a different scheme and did not; in four months we are moving as quickly as we can.
As Ministers know, the European powerhouse of critical minerals is Cornwall, including its vast quantities of lithium, essential for our transition away from fossil fuels.
Will the Ministers agree with the industry’s call for a target of 50,000 tonnes of lithium?