Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
This Government made a choice to take away the winter fuel payment from 10 million pensioners this winter and to rely on the notoriously under-claimed pension credit as a system of means-testing it.
That choice will make life harder for pensioners across the country.
It will see 750,000 of the poorest pensioners miss out on much-needed help with the cost of heating, and according to the Labour party’s own research, it could lead to 4,000 additional deaths this winter.
The Government know that.
That is why they have not done an impact assessment.
Perhaps it is why, after seven weeks, they still have not responded to the concerns of their own advisory committee.
The committee wrote the Secretary of State a letter containing its concerns about how the policy will affect the poorest people.
It said that 70% of disabled pensioners will miss out on their payment this winter, and it suggested expanding the eligibility for winter fuel payments beyond pension credit because the committee knows that the Government’s savings are based on a third of the poorest pensioners missing out.
In direct contrast to the Government, the committee said that “a more detailed assessment is urgently required”, as colleagues from all parts of the House—including Labour Members—charities and pensioner groups across the country have also said.
Here we are, seven weeks later, and the Secretary of State is yet to even respond to the advisory committee.
In fact, she is not even here to answer this urgent question.
I ask the Minister: will the Government now, after seven weeks, respond to their own advisory committee?
Will they now, after seven weeks, publish a full impact assessment for everyone to see?
Does she accept that her Government have got this wrong?
Does she recognise that they have negligently underestimated how many people will fall through the cracks?
I suspect that deep down she is worried, as I am, about pensioners who cannot afford to heat their homes.
I am sure her Secretary of State has been lobbying the Chancellor behind the scenes—perhaps that is where she is right now, instead of being here.
Will the hon.
Lady go back to her Chancellor one more time and try to make her think again?
I do apologise for the delay in responding to the committee’s letter; it is regrettable.
The initial delay, as I set out, was because we were waiting for the OBR to come forward with its costings of the policy.
Then there was another, unexpected delay.
There has been a delay—[Interruption.]
I do not know why I am being heckled; I am trying calmly to explain why there has been a delay, for which I do apologise.
We will issue a response very shortly, and certainly by the end of the week.
It is important that we respond to that letter.
I respect that the hon.
Lady is asking that question.
Regarding the public sector equality duty, we have done everything in line with the duty, which is to provide an equality analysis of the decision that we have taken.
As hon.
Members will know, that analysis was published in September.
However—I say this gently—after the election we found ourselves in a situation of having a £22 billion black hole, with Treasury reserves spent three times over.
The OBR has said that its assessment of the previous Government’s Budget would have been  materially different had it known the pressures on spending and the real situation in the Treasury.
I note that the hon.
Lady does not come with an apology.
We have had to take the decision to means-test winter fuel payments.
We did not want to do that, but we have had to take some difficult decisions to clear up the mess, to tackle our fiscal inheritance and to start rebuilding our public services, which pensioners across the country and many others rely on.
Government Members will obviously not take protestations about poverty from the Conservative party with anything other than a mountain of salt.
But the Government spend £1,300 billion per year and the cut to winter fuel allowance will save the Government about £1.4 billion per year, so that cut will save about 0.1% of Government spending.
On that basis, as we look at all the welcome advances made in the Labour Budget—all the great stuff that we can talk about—and we consider that this measure saves only 0.1% of Government spending, I really urge the Minister to think again.
I think the public would welcome that as a sign of real leadership.
Not anyone or any Government always gets it right, and I believe we got it wrong on this occasion.
Could the Government rethink on this issue?
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record of lifting over a million pensioners out of poverty.
We do expect to make savings of about £1.4 billion this year through means-testing the winter fuel payment.
That is not an insignificant proportion of the £5.5 billion of savings that the Chancellor set out on  29 July .
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Many of us in the Chamber accept that the new Government inherited a financial mess from the old Government.
It is a pity that that is being balanced on the backs of pensioners.
The Minister quite rightly highlighted how many of us have been championing our residents to claim pension credit, as I am in Torbay.
She talked of unexpected delays.
Many of us, including her own Department, face unexpected delays.
In the light of that, will she extend the deadline for pensioners to claim the allowance beyond  21 December ?