The challenges facing young people today are profound: they lived through a pandemic during which they were denied the chance to test boundaries and gain confidence; they are at the sharp end of a revolution in social media; the pressures on young girls are significant; the effects of antisocial behaviour and violence are stark; and while talent is everywhere, opportunity is not.
Despite that, this generation is as ambitious for themselves, their families and their communities as any other before them, and they deserve a Government with a plan to match.
When I became Secretary of State, I was shocked to find that there was no single strategy in place for young people.
I am absolutely determined to put that right.
This is personal for me: one of my first jobs was at the youth homelessness charity, Centrepoint.
I learned everything I know about politics from those brilliant young people, who understood the challenges they faced better than any Government could.
That is why today we are kicking off one of the biggest national conversations the Government have ever held with young people—led by, and for, young people.
As we embark on an ambitious plan to devolve power to local leaders and communities, we are determined to champion that change not just at national level, but in every part of government.
We will take this conversation to our towns, villages and cities in every region on their terms, not ours, to allow young people to challenge us every step of the way.
They will be in the driving seat.
We will make sure young people are empowered at local, regional and national level, so that funding flows to the things that matter to them.
In the coming months, these conversations will feed into a report, “Today’s Youth, Tomorrow’s Nation”, detailing young people’s priorities to inform our new approach.
Next year, we will present to this House a co-produced national youth strategy that is fit for the decade ahead and ensures every young person can live the richer, larger life they deserve.
We disagree on many things in this House, but I believe every single one of us shares a common desire to see this generation thrive.
They deserve politicians who respect what they have to contribute.
That is what this Government are going to do, and that begins today.
In line with this new approach, I have to tell the House that we are going to wind down the National Citizen Service programme from the end of the financial year, and the National Citizen Service Trust when parliamentary time allows.
Since its launch in 2011, the NCS has provided over 1 million young people with opportunities.
The NCS met the needs of the moment and rightly put active citizenship at the heart of the Government’s programme for young people.
It has played a hugely important role in supporting young people to build their confidence and bridge social divides.
I would like to thank each and every staff member past and present, the NCS board, and the previous and current CEOs and chairs.
I also thank every young person who has contributed to the success of the NCS.
In 2011, when the National Citizen Service was established, Facebook and X had only 700 million users.
Now, they have over 3 billion.
TikTok had not even been dreamt of.
In 2011, an estimated one in eight 10 to 15-year-olds had a probable mental health problem.
Now, it is one in five.
The world has changed and we need a youth strategy that reflects that.
This is not a decision we take lightly.
I have spoken to the chair and chief executive.
I am so grateful to them for their commitment to work closely together to protect young people and staff, to share learnings and expertise, and to ensure there is an orderly transition from the end of the NCS programme to what comes next.
I am delighted to announce that the current NCS chair, Harris Bokhari, will be an adviser on the national youth strategy.
His experience will be invaluable as we step into a new way of working together with the country’s young people.
As part of this, I would also like to thank the NCS youth advisory board.
I hope it will play a major role in our strategy.
It is committed, as we are, to building a country of connected, confident and caring young citizens.
We will work closely with the whole youth sector to transform our work so that it better supports youth workers.
Local authorities’ youth funding fell by 73% under the previous Government and we know that this presents a significant challenge.
Despite the disastrous economic situation we inherited, I am determined that we will rise to this moment.
For so many young people, it is councils and combined authorities who hold the key to unlocking their potential.
To facilitate them, I will be launching a local youth transformation pilot in the next financial year to support local authorities to build back lost capability and provide tools, guidance and funding to improve their youth offers and empower young people in every community.
I have also decided to increase the total funding for other Department for Culture, Media and Sport youth programmes to ensure that young people can continue to access opportunities, no matter where they are from.
We recognise the urgent need for young people to have welcoming places that they have a stake in.
That is why, in the next financial year, my Department will allocate over £85 million of capital funding to places where it is most needed.
That includes launching the new better youth spaces fund, with at least £26 million for youth clubs to buy new equipment and do renovations.
We will also complete the youth investment fund projects that are under way.
True to our commitment to putting young people back in charge of their own destinies, we will ensure that they guide our decisions when we choose the spaces to support.
We know that buildings are worth nothing without the army of trusted adults dedicated to helping young people to thrive.
As we develop the youth strategy, I will continue to ensure we are recruiting and training the youth workers who are a lifeline for young people.
From the initial youth guarantee areas, which will help young people into employment or training, to the first young futures hubs and local prevention partnerships, this Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity.
We are also expanding the creative careers programme to widen access to creative employers across the country, and we have committed to continued investment in multi-sport facilities.
In addition to that funding, I am announcing that youth, financial inclusion, social investment and community wealth funds will each receive a significant portion of the next £350 million of dormant assets funding.
I am pleased to tell the House that, of that, £100 million will be dedicated to youth outcomes between 2024 and 2028.
There will be more detail to come when we publish our dormant assets strategy.
Throughout history, the programmes that have made the greatest difference have been the ones that met the challenges of the moment and were built to last: the Children Act 1989, delivered by a Conservative Government, enshrined it in law that the best interests of the child take priority above all else; and the last Labour Government’s Every Child Matters programme put children’s views and needs at the heart of a Government that changed lives everywhere.
I look forward to working constructively with Members across the political divide to get this right.
Together, we will grip these challenges to give young people chances and choices, put them at the heart of government and unlock the potential of a generation.
I commend this statement to the House.