Homes in the UK are among the least energy-efficient in Europe, with unparalleled health, productivity and carbon emission costs to society, as a result of the last Government’s failure to act.
I agree with the Minister: it is a disgrace that this is happening in one of the largest economies in the G7.
We welcome the news of the warm homes plan coming next year, but does the Minister agree that an emergency home insulation programme this winter, with free insulation for people on low incomes, is necessary so that people in South Cambridgeshire do not have to face the choice between heating and eating?
Let me assure the hon.
Member that we are hitting the ground running with home insulations.
We are rolling out our warm homes local grant and our warm homes social housing fund, to target people this winter—this year—because we need to deliver the biggest ever upgrade.
What steps he is taking to support public sector bodies to decarbonise.
As the first step towards the warm homes plan, we have committed an initial £3.4 billion.
That includes £1 billion towards public sector decarbonisation, because we know that we have to ensure that our schools and hospitals reduce their energy bills.
Decarbonising the public sector is good for our net zero target, but it also releases money for more teachers, nurses and street cleaners, so that savings benefit our communities rather than energy giants.
Schools across Telford are crying out for that investment.
Will the Minister do all she can to decarbonise the public sector in the years to come?
I completely agree; decarbonising our public sector will not only reduce emissions but lower bills.
We estimate that the £1 billion that we have allocated to public sector decarbonisation will reduce bills by about £40 million per year.
That is a big step forward, but there is more work to do.
It is clear that there is a role for all schools across this great United Kingdom to play in public sector decarbonisation.
They also have a role in educating the children in their classrooms, who we want to be the pioneers of tomorrow.
What has been done to ensure that the good things that  happen on the mainland of the United Kingdom are shared with regional Administrations such as the Northern Ireland Assembly?
We will work on that with the devolved Administrations across the United Kingdom.
Good practice is happening across local government and regional government.
We will ensure that everyone can learn from it, and we will deliver the biggest upgrade in a generation.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation.
The energy transition presents an incredible opportunity for job creation right across the UK, particularly in our industrial and coastal communities.
Through Great British Energy, we will build on Scotland’s reputation as a world leader in energy and secure long-term, well-paid jobs in the industries of the future.
I recently had the privilege of opening an extension to the Kype Muir wind farm in my constituency.
The extension alone will generate enough power for 53,000 homes for 30 years.
My constituency is also home to part of Whitelee, the largest onshore wind farm in Europe.
However, not one of those turbines was manufactured in the UK, let alone locally.
What steps is the Minister taking to develop UK manufacturing capacity in that area?
I know well my hon.
Friend’s constituency—it is next door to mine—and both wind farms she mentions.
She says quite rightly that, for all the expansion in those technologies over recent years, very few of those jobs, particularly in manufacturing, have been in this country.
We will do everything we can, through Great British Energy and the clean industry bonus we have announced today, to grow our domestic supply chains, build industry in this country and win jobs for Britain.
Last week, just days after the Budget, Apache announced that it would exit the North sea by 2029.
It said: “The onerous financial impact of the energy profits levy…makes production…beyond 2029 uneconomic.”
What assessment have the Government made of the impact of those policies on current jobs in north-east Scotland, and how will Great British Energy compensate for the loss of those jobs?
We are working with industry in the north-east of Scotland to ensure that this is a just and prosperous transition.
We have announced our next steps of responding to court judgments, and a consultation is open at the moment.
We will have more to say about that in the months ahead.
The hon.
Lady must recognise that if she wants to see investment from Great British Energy, she might actually have to support its creation in the first place.
The Conservatives cannot have it both ways; either they want a public energy company to invest in the jobs of the future— We don’t.
Or they do not, as her right hon.
Friend has just confirmed from the Back Benches.
She cannot have it both ways.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Budget was a major step forward, paving the way for investment in clean, home-grown power, creating jobs and delivering energy security.
Last week, the National Energy System Operator provided definitive evidence that our clean power mission is achievable and can give us greater energy security and lower energy costs.
The Conservatives have spent the past year arguing for a system that would keep the British people locked into energy insecurity and higher costs.
While they are locked in arguments about the past, we are getting on with delivering lower bills, energy security and good jobs for the British people.
The price cap rise, winter fuel payment cuts, higher standing charges and lower temperatures are all things that my constituents in Edinburgh West—particularly my pensioners—are coming to me with concerns about.
What is the Secretary of State planning to do to work with Ofgem and the energy companies to come up with a fairer set of circumstances for my constituents and others in similar situations?
We are looking to bring down standing charges.
The hon.
Lady has mentioned a lot of cases where people are struggling; we appreciate that, and we are doing what we can.
The Budget set out how we are going to protect the most vulnerable people and ensure that people are supported in the way they need to be.
We have a lot to do after 14 years of Conservative Government; we are trying to unravel that and support people.
Our push for clean energy by 2030 will lead to lower bills, and that is what we will be working on.
Following on from the exciting announcement of the £1 billion investment in wind power, it would be remiss of me not to mention the Severn estuary to the west of Weston-super-Mare, with its transformative potential for the generation of clean, renewable energy.
The potential of domestic energy has been neglected for far too long in a world where global energy markets and the cost of living are turbulent.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative party appears to have learned absolutely nothing during its time in office, presiding over the worst cost of living crisis in generations and failing to act— Order.
Topical questions should be short and punchy.
I am sure you are going to get to the end of your question any minute now.
Can I urge the Minister to go further and faster in delivering clean power for our communities, which the NESO report so clearly stated would lead to lower bills and energy security?
My hon.
Friend is right; there are good projects right across the country that we hope to invest in in the lead-up to delivering in 2030.
The NESO report clearly set out that our aim is achievable.
The Conservative party wants to continue having the arguments of the past; we are determined, with ambition, to deliver on the arguments of the future.