Let me begin by saying that the Opposition really do welcome any focus that the Government are putting on young people.
I recall from my time in the Department that spending time in the youth sector provided some of the most inspiring moments of my time as a Minister.
In government, we had a proud record of listening to young people and putting their views at the heart of our agenda, and our record shows that.
Indeed, I always ensured that young people were around the table when we were making decisions that would affect them, and would often say that I wondered how a middle-aged, grey-haired man could know exactly what young people wanted.
It was because we listened to young people that we allocated £500 million over the next three years to fund the national youth guarantee, ensuring that every young person aged 11 to 18 in England had access to regular clubs and activities, something to do after school, experiences away from home, and opportunities to volunteer.
That is what young people told us they wanted.
As part of the national youth guarantee, we allocated £300 million to youth facilities, improving and developing 300 of them.
We welcome the Government’s commitment to the youth investment fund projects that are under way, but will the Secretary of State confirm the fate of those that are not?
In government, we delivered £1.3 billion-worth of sports programmes, developing and improving sports pitches across the country.
Can she confirm that they will still be invested in, given their importance as a resource for young people?
Of course, the importance that we placed on young people went much further.
Whether the issue was housing, the national living wage, education or apprenticeships, we listened to their views at the very top of Government.
That is why we welcome some of the measures in the statement, such as the focus that the Government will  place on youth workers through the local youth transformation pilot.
The relationship between youth workers and young people is one of the most important, especially for young people with challenging backgrounds.
One element that we cannot support, however, is the scrapping of the National Citizen Service.
The NCS has grown since 2011, when it first supported 158 participants.
Over the last 13 years, more than 750,000 young people have taken part in its programme.
I had the pleasure of visiting many of them, and what struck me most was the sight of people from a mix of different backgrounds coming together.
It was a great scheme which had cross-party support.
If the Government intend to listen to young people, can the Secretary of State explain why it is scrapping a scheme with which 93% of participants were satisfied?
She says that we do not need citizenship because of social media, but I would argue that we probably do.
The cancellation of the NCS also means that a hole will develop in youth services being delivered in 2025, so can the Secretary of State tell me what immediate action will be taken to prevent it from developing, and how she intends to spend the £50 million of savings that she has announced—or is that a loss to the sector?
The NCS is not the only scheme that is being scrapped.
I do not need to remind the House of the importance of cadets both to their communities and to young people, especially following the remembrance services that took place yesterday and over the weekend.
It is a great shame that the Government have cut grant funding for cadets, and I hope the Secretary of State will reconsider that.
As for the issue of dormant assets, this is money that we announced in government, but may I ask how quickly that funding will be in the hands of those who need it?