The Minister will be aware that billions of pounds in benefits and financial help, including pension credit, goes unclaimed every year due to the stigma associated with claiming benefits, and the huge difficulty that claimants encounter when navigating the system.
What measures are the Government taking to encourage greater take-up and to simplify the benefits system?
We have run several campaigns, the latest of which was launched recently on radio and TV and in print media, to urge those who may be eligible to apply, and to urge their loved ones to encourage them and help them to apply.
We have also asked officials to see how we can improve the form to make it easier, but more than 90% of claims are now made online.
Pensioners can get help either from a loved one or from charities and local authorities, which are helping to ensure that they get the support that they deserve.
Some 16,600 pensioners in Broxbourne will lose their winter fuel payment.
How is the Minister helping those who cannot do online applications for pension credit to make an application?
Will she commit to continuing to write to all those who will lose their winter fuel payment until they sign up for pension credit?
We have written to all pensioners to tell them about the change in Government policy to ensure that those who are not in receipt of pension credit or other benefits know that they will not be getting the winter fuel payment this winter.
Minister, it is always good to have the necessary answers.
The report notes savings of £1.5 billion.
The increase in pension credit take-up from 63% to 68% represents an additional 100,000 households.
Any take-up negates savings made by the Government.
The fact is that pensioners who would qualify have lost out this year and are struggling now.
What can be done to expedite their applications and to deal with the long waiting list for decisions, which means that, for many, the potential for additional income to ease their situation and help in the winter months will be too little, too late?
The reason I make the point is that the system is taking too long to make a decision and those people need the money right now.
As I said, we have redeployed an additional 500 members of staff to process applications for pension credit and we are mostly hitting the target for processing times.