MAY 21 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense space activities in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-222 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Army.
SD-192 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the opportunities, risks, and challenges associated with growth in demand for electric power in the United States.
SD-366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine child savings accounts and other tax-advantaged accounts benefiting American children.
SD-215 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine competition in the prescription drug market, focusing on ensuring affordable and accessible medications.
SD-G50 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of State, focusing on American diplomacy and global leadership.
SD-419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department SD-138 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Maritime, Freight, and Ports To hold hearings to examine the roadway safety crisis and highlighting community solutions.
SR-253 Committee on Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine trade enforcement and entry SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America, focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities for Food is Medicine.
SD-430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine fraud and Zelle.
SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine forced labor in prisons.
SD-226