MAY 22 Time to be announced Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship Business meeting to consider S. 3772, to amend the Small Business Act to require that plain writing statements regarding the solicitation of subcontractors be included in certain subcontracting plans, S. 3971, to amend the Small Business Act to require reporting on additional information with respect to small business concerns owned and controlled by women, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, and small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans, S. 4341, to require plain language and the inclusion of key words in covered notices that are clear, concise, and accessible to small business concerns, and an original bill entitled, ``The STEP Modernization Act of 2024''.
TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Administration.
SD-192 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine water scarcity in a changing climate.
SD-608 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine Federal programs for the circular economy, focusing on state and local perspectives on efforts to improve reuse and recycling.
SD-406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Family First Prevention Services Act, focusing on successes, roadblocks, and opportunities for improvement.
SD-215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine restoring Congressional oversight over emergency powers, focusing on exploring options to reform the National Emergencies Act.
SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 11:45 a.m.
Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies--2024 Organizational business meeting to designate the Chair, designate the 2025 Inaugural site, approve the Inaugural budget, and designate official staff representatives.
S-219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the United States Capitol Police.
SD-124 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine protecting consumers' pocketbooks, focusing on lowering food prices and combatting corporate price gouging and consolidation.
SD-538 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety To hold hearings to examine new standards and practices in mining, focusing on health and safety.
SD-430 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine public safety and justice resources in Native communities.
SD-628 4:45 p.m.
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's atomic energy defense activities and Department of Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-222 JUNE 12 10 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Fish and Wildlife Service.
SD-406