Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary Ellen Chavez, as the Parade Marshal for the Town of Planada's 2024 Community Day Parade.
The daughter of migrant farm workers, Mary Ellen was born in Brawley, California and is a proud graduate of Le Grand High School (LGHS).
While an LGHS student, and eventual Manzanita Queen, she was encouraged by her peers to go to college.
Eventually Mary Ellen became the first high school and college graduate in her family.
She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from the College of the Holy Names, an all-women's Catholic college in Oakland, on a full academic scholarship.
Then she completed a teaching credential at Fresno State University.
At age 21, Mary Ellen began a 55-year long career as a catechist, teaching three generations of Planada children how to love the Lord.
A parishioner of Planada's Sacred Heart Catholic Church for over 80 years, Mary Ellen (and her family) regularly volunteered to help clean the church.
She was also a regular reader, eucharistic minister, and choir singer, as well as a founding member of the English rosary group.
Around Planada, she spent the rest of her hours cooking the best chile verde, coaching softball, helping her husband run the Planada Recreation Program, or attending baseball and softball games all over the area, where you could hear her distinctive two-fingered, celebratory whistle from a mile away.
Mary Ellen taught in Fresno, Merced and Kern counties during her teaching career.
In 1999, she was named the Vineland School District Educator of the Year while teaching an innovative curriculum on the Dust Bowl Days at Sunset Middle School near Lamont.
She retired from teaching in 2000, having already served several terms on the Le Grand Union High School District Board of Trustees from 1978 to 1991.
After her retirement, she was appointed to the Merced County Board of Education and served from 2005 to 2014.
Mary Ellen and her husband, John, married in 1963, and while dancing weekends at every wedding, church event or fundraiser, produced eight children plus one walk-on.
Those eight gave them 20 grandchildren, who have so far produced 26 great-grandchildren.
Nothing pleases Mary Ellen and John more than to be surrounded by the chaos of their big family.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mary Ellen as the Parade Marshal for the Town of Planada's 2024 Community Day Parade.