Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to a Lansing, Michiganbased organization that is creating innovative partnerships to improve the future for Black residents by assisting them with the cost of higher education, starting a small business, or purchasing a home.
Officially launched in 2022, the Justice League of Greater Lansing has worked tirelessly to engage the faith community in the area in dialogue over the historic harms done to African Americans through the institution of slavery in this country, and to foster greater understanding of its structural and systematic aftermath.
Since the program's launch, ten churches in Greater Lansing have either committed a percentage of their endowment funds, a lump sum donation, or regular contributions from the congregation as a whole and/or individual members to the effort.
To date, the League has received more than $350,000, making it one of the most successful programs of its kind in the nation.
That money will be used to provide scholarships for college-bound students, home loans for first-time buyers, and financial assistance for local entrepreneurs.
Among the churches the League has successfully engaged, many of whom have been involved since the organization's infancy, are First Presbyterian Church of Lansing; Edgewood United Church of Christ, East Lansing; All Saints Episcopal Church, East Lansing; First Presbyterian Church, Holt; and Red Cedar Friends Meeting, Lansing.
I have had the pleasure of attending meetings of the Justice League of Greater Lansing, and its board members regularly participate in roundtables I host for faith leaders on gun violence prevention and on many other topics related to the betterment of the community.
I applaud this organization's commitment to justice, equality, and positive change through meaningful dialogue and mutual understanding.
At a time where so many look to further tear the fabric of our society, I am very grateful for their thoughtful efforts to repair and strengthen it.
I look forward to seeing how this project will continue to take root in the community.