Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Alfred Poncia, who passed away at the age of 83 on August 28, 2023.
Al was a farmer, conservationist, and respected community leader.
Born on February 2, 1940, Al grew up on his family ranch in Marin County.
He graduated from Tomales High School in 1958 and joined the Army National Guard.
He later moved back home to work at his family's dairy and study at Santa Rosa Junior College.
While attending college, he met Cathie Brandeburg; they married in 1964 and settled down on the Poncia family farm in West Marin.
While working on his farm, Al also took on leadership roles in both the county and state farm bureaus.
He served 18 years on the Marin County Farm Bureau's board of directors, including three years as board president.
For decades, Al has been both a formal and informal leader in the local agriculturist community, notably leading efforts to protect open space and family farms in Marin County during successive attempts to develop rural West Marin.
A passionate advocate and an adept communicator, Al worked with a variety of agricultural groups and committees dedicated to conservation, sustainable farming and ranching.
He helped lead the Marin County Committee on Small Family Farms, a collection of both conservationists and agriculturists interested in developing solutions to water problems and fair milk prices.
In 1971, Al participated in the California Agricultural Leadership Program, an advanced leadership development program for California agriculturists, where he had the opportunity to travel around the United States and the world, meeting with global leaders in farming to learn more about national and international agricultural policy.
In 1981, Al became a founding board member of the Marin Agricultural Land Trust (MALT), the first farmland trust in the nation, representing a broad coalition of ranchers, environmentalists, and community leaders who were dedicated to protecting farming in Marin County.
His expertise, insight, and passion were critical to MALT's success at preserving local Marin County farms.
Al is survived by his wife of 59 years, Cathie; three of their children, Jennifer, Melissa, and Loren; and eight grandchildren.
Al was predeceased by his daughter, Jessica, and son-in-law, Bill.
While he will be greatly missed, Al's legacy will live on through the positive impact he had on his community and beyond.
Today, thanks to Al's lifelong dedication and hard work, Marin County stands as a national example for sustainable agriculture and open space preservation.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you join me in extending condolences to Al's family and friends, and in expressing my appreciation for his decades of work for the public good.