in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the

``Dr. Rudy Lombard Post Office'', H.R. 2379, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 616 East Main Street in St. Charles,

Illinois, as the ``Veterans of the Vietnam War Memorial

Post Office'', H.R. 3944, to designate the facility of

the United States Postal Service located at 120 West

Church Street in Mount Vernon, Georgia, as the ``Second

Lieutenant Patrick Palmer Calhoun Post Office'', and

the nominations of Adrienne Jennings Noti, Tanya

Monique Jones Bosier, Danny Lam Hoan Nguyen, Kenechukwu

Onyemaechi Okocha, Katherine E. Oler, Judith E. Pipe,

and Charles J. Willoughby, Jr., each to be an Associate

Judge of the Superior Court of the District of

Columbia.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine how primary care improves

health care efficiency.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the National Transportation

Safety Board Investigations Report.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine extended producer

responsibility policies for consumer packaging.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine global food security.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United

States and multiple veterans service organizations:

PVA, WWP, NASDVA, MRC, BSF, IAVA, BVA, SWAN, SVA, and

AMVETS.
MARCH 7

10 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of Disabled American Veterans.
MARCH 13

10 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of The American Legion and multiple

veterans service organizations: JWV, TAPS, NCHV, MOAA,

NACVSO, NCAI, VVA, NGAUS, and FRA.
390-CHOB