Title: CELEBRATING ORANGE COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
36

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ORANGE COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Orange County

Chamber of Commerce and to congratulate them on a century of unwavering

dedication to the prosperity and success of businesses in Orange

County, Virginia.
Over the last 100 years, Orange County's businesses and entrepreneurs

have benefitted from the network and expertise provided by the Orange

County Chamber of Commerce.
A cornerstone of Orange County, the staff

and members of the Chamber have been a vital force--driving economic

growth, fostering innovation, and championing the spirit of

entrepreneurship across Orange County.
Notably, the Orange County Chamber of Commerce has encouraged

collaboration through their signature events--the Orange Street

Festival and the Orange Uncorked Wine Festival.
These events have not

only helped nurture countless businesses and forged valuable

relationships within the community, but they have also provided

families across Orange with memorable experiences and fun activities.
Today, the Chamber boasts a membership of more than 280 Virginians.
Each member, alongside Chamber staff, leadership, and volunteers, has

contributed to the success and longevity of the Orange County Chamber

of Commerce.
As their Representative, I wish to extend my greatest

appreciation for the work the Orange County Chamber of Commerce does to

support the local economy and improve the lives of residents in and

around Orange County.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the

Orange County Chamber of Commerce on 100 years of service to Orange

County, and in celebrating their growth, resilience, and commitment to

excellence.
I look forward to all they will accomplish in years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE JOB CORPS

HON.
JARED F. GOLDEN

Mr. GOLDEN of Maine.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to congratulate the Job

Corps program on 60 years of dedicated support in changing the lives of

young Americans.
2024 marks six decades of ambition and hope for our

young Mainers at the centers in Limestone and Bangor, and throughout

the United States of America.
Maine's Job Corps programs are vital for

preparing young people in the Great State of Maine for high demand

industry sector employment as well as furthering educational

opportunities.
I join my congressional colleagues in honoring and supporting their

mission to better the

lives of Mainers through technical and academic training.
Since the

first class of students in 1997, the Loring Job Corps Center in

Limestone has helped students from Maine and across the Nation earn

high school diplomas, construct long-term careers, and obtain great

jobs.
The Penobscot Job Corps has maintained the same mission for the

past 45 years.
Education and community service alike are two of the cornerstones of

both Job Corps Centers in Maine, resulting in the students not only

changing their lives but the lives of those around them.
The program's

outreach and development with workforce partners has only enhanced its

ability to reach out and enrich the lives of young Mainers.
The Job

Corps program encourages the vital education and creativity of bright

young students throughout our country.
It is with great pride and appreciation that I congratulate our two

Maine Centers and Job Corps for 60 years of critical work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PAUL ELMSTRAND, MATTHEW RUGE, AND ADAM FINSETH

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, today I joined thousands of people in

Minnesota who gathered for the public funeral for Burnsville Police

Officers Paul Elmstrand and Matthew Ruge, and Firefighter-Paramedic

Adam Finseth who gave the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty.