He brought historical events from textbooks to life through his lived

memories.
Ben hoped that teaching this part of history would ensure

that it would never be repeated.
In 2010, Ben met Henny Simon, a liberated victim of the Nazi

concentration camps.
Until her death in 2017, the two visited high

schools in Connecticut and taught classes on WWII.
Students across

Connecticut gained valuable insight on how precious a thing our

liberties and rights are, and how fiercely they need to be defended.
The pair were offered to include their experiences in a documentary

titled ``In Times of War.''
Fortunately, their stories have been

immortalized through their lessons and the documentary and countless

news articles.
Mr. Speaker, even in the darkest hour of our civilization, courageous

truth tellers like Ben Cooper refuse to be silenced by fear or

indifference.
Ben's impact on our nation's citizens is immeasurable,

and scores of young citizens will remember his stories and examples.
Regrettably understanding the savagery of Nazi barbarism is of critical

importance in the world we live in today.
Our country should honor

Ben's gentle kindness and conviction that touched thousands of fellow

Americans.
I ask that my colleagues join me in immortalizing Ben's

story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NEW HAMPSHIRE'S POLL WORKERS AND VOLUNTEERS

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the important work

of New Hampshire's poll workers and volunteers, who oversaw a safe,

secure election in the first-in-the-nation primary that took place on

For more than 100 years, New Hampshire has been proud to host our

country's first presidential primary, an honor our state takes very

seriously.
This primary would not be possible without New Hampshire's

dedicated poll workers and volunteers.
This year, like every time

before, our poll workers demonstrated the power of our democracy and

the importance of civic responsibility by dutifully and earnestly

conducting this year's election.
I want to thank these citizens for stepping up for our democracy.
New

Hampshire's poll workers continue to set an example for the nation in

their tireless efforts to count every vote and ensure that the voices

of all Granite Staters are heard at the ballot box.
These poll workers

prove that despite ongoing efforts to polarize or politicize our

elections, our American democracy is strong.
Granite Stater poll

workers help inspire increased voter confidence and turnout and ensure

a smoother process for our state's elections.
It is critical that all

communities throughout our state are able to have their voices heard in

our democracy.
Poll workers, local town officials, and volunteers are instrumental

to our electoral process, preserving the right to vote for all

Americans by remaining impartial and fair throughout the process, from

overseeing voter registration to processing ballots.
All Americans

deserve to have their voices represented.
Mr. Speaker, I say thank you again to all of the poll workers and

volunteers who stepped up to serve their communities and our democracy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OFFICER BRYAN SZOSTAK'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF CANTON

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officer Bryan

Szostak on the occasion of his retirement from the Canton Police

Department after 25 years of service to the city of Canton, Michigan.
His decades of service to our community is worthy of commendation.
Officer Szostak joined the Canton Police Department in 1999 and has

served as a midnight shift officer ever since.
For the past 24 years,

he has been a member of the department's Honor Guard as one of the

founding members and leader, with which he has participated in Posting

fallen officers.
Officer Szostak also served the community's youth as a

veteran advisor for the Explorer Unit, a program for teenagers

interested in law enforcement.