Modern IT is nearly nonexistent in several buildings; what

is available cannot accommodate even the most basic digital

needs of Midshipmen, let alone support the increasingly high-

tech vessel systems that they must master.
Aside from minor Midshipmen Barracks repairs in the 2000s,

there have been no renovations or upgrades since 1988.
Nearly

every building on campus has exceeded its life expectancy and

now requires replacement or major renovation.
This is particularly true of the Academy's physical

training, leadership readiness, and athletic facilities.
Although USMMA was the first federal service academy to admit

women in 1974, no additional athletic or training spaces have

been provided for female teams in the ensuing 50 years,

clearly contrary to the requirements of Title IX.
Overall,

these limited and outdated facilities are inadequate for

Midshipmen to maintain physical readiness standards of the

U.S. Navy and other services and adversely impact the

recruitment of future Midshipmen.
Midshipmen need a purpose-

built pool, featuring a separate wave pool with high dive/

jump capabilities in order to accommodate their specific

mandatory training needs for rescue and survival at sea.
The Fix: Our working group of maritime executives,

engineers, architects, and construction industry

professionals--some USMMA graduates--propose the

authorization and funding of a multi-year program of

infrastructure replacement and improvement projects.
The Budget and Timeline Snapshot: We suggest directed

funding for foundational design work that will serve as the

blueprint for an aggressive eight-year construction and

project management program.
However, the plan can be readily

adapted to meet longer construction timelines and funding

schedules, along with any potential project modifications.
As

of January 2024, the current cost of the plan is $1.02B over

eight years.
The Plan: For decades, concerned stakeholders have

unsuccessfully sought to upgrade USMMA's physical plant; this

plan reflects much of the quality thinking and hard work that

went into earlier plans, which regrettably never came to

fruition.
This document specifically builds on the input of

those earlier planning initiatives.
This plan details the facilities necessary for the USMMA to

preserve its position as the preeminent leader in maritime

education in the Nation, today and into the future.
It

reflects a long overdue acknowledgment that the campus has

fallen woefully behind the other four federal service

academies and other peer top-tier institutions.
The plan meets the long-term objectives of the Academy

through facilities that will promote modern educational best

practices, including globally connected research facilities;

engineering powerplant laboratories; 21st century IT-enabled

classrooms.
Support mission critical proficiencies: Standards of

Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping (STCW) applications

laboratories; Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) training pool;

Conference and license exam space.
Promote readiness: Accessible modernized fitness facilities

sufficient to enable all Midshipmen to maintain physical

readiness standards required of USN Reserve officers; NCAA-

standard facilities for all athletes; Health and wellness

center.
Facilitate leadership development: Weapons range; enhanced

waterfront facilities; band facility.
Attract a diverse pool of applicants to ensure USMMA

enrolls the best and the brightest.
Provide continuing education and industry engagement

facilities: Maritime Center of Excellence for research,

innovation, and policy development; MSCE accreditation

required post-graduate continuing education opportunities;

Maritime industry leadership conference capability.
Maintain a secure facility and a safe environment: secure

campus at a level necessary to protect a federal facility;

centralized security/access control at main gate and academy

facilities; fencing and monitoring of campus boundaries;

cyber-secure, modernized IT network.
Master Planning Process and Principles: The 82-acre campus

is a unique, historically significant property.
Our plan is

designed to modernize the campus without expanding its

current footprint.
The Education District includes the original 1943 academic

buildings, barracks, and

administrative offices that form the hub of the campus.
The Waterfront District includes Eldridge Pool, the

Memorial Arbors, the Chapel, Yocum Sailing Center, the USCG

Station, Samuels Hall and Crowninshield/Cressy Pier.
The Physical Training and Athletics District includes all

the Academy's athletic facilities.
The Community District encompasses all of the McNulty

Campus, including faculty housing and the museum.