Officer Szostak joined the Canton Police Department in 1999 and has

served as a midnight shift officer ever since.
For the past 24 years,

he has been a member of the department's Honor Guard as one of the

founding members and leader, with which he has participated in Posting

fallen officers.
Officer Szostak also served the community's youth as a

veteran advisor for the Explorer Unit, a program for teenagers

interested in law enforcement.
In these roles, Officer Szostak has

showed his emphatic commitment to the units he has been involved in.
Most notably, Officer Szostak has been a committed Canine Officer for

the past 20 years.
His loyalty and passion for this program has been

exemplified in his love for his current canine partner Ragnar, who is

retiring alongside Officer Szostak, as well as his two previous canine

partners, Poncho and Hoss.
In this role, Officer Szostak has set new

standards for training and policing, which will not soon be forgotten.
Over the course of his extensive career, Officer Szostak earned many

department awards, in addition to citizen recognitions for his service

and commitmment to improving the city.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Officer Bryan

Szostak for his remarkable 25 years of service.
His commitment to the

canine program, Canton Police Department, and the City of Canton has

been dedicated to the safety and improvement of the community.
I join

Officer Szostak's family, friends, and colleagues in extending my best

wishes to him in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ONA MARIE JUDGE STAINES

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ona Marie

Judge Staines, a New Hampshire woman born in Virginia, who was enslaved

by George and Martha Washington, and taken by them to Phildelphia

during Washington's second term as United States president.
Ona Judge

self-emancipated from their household, as the Washingtons were

preparing to return to Mount Vernon in their semi-annual effort to

avoid the Pennsylvania law that enabled enslaved people to sue for

their freedom if they remained in the state for more than six months.
Recounting her story in 1845 she remarked on her escape, ``Whilst they

were packing up to go to Virginia, I was packing to go, I didn't know

where; for I knew that if I went back to Virginia, I should never get

my liberty . . .''
During her time in the city, Ona Judge had become acquainted with

members of Philadelphia's large free Black community who provided her

contact with a ship captain who would take her north.
On May 21, 1796,

she boarded the ship Nancy, bound for Portsmouth, New Hampshire in

search of freedom.
The Washingtons relentlessly pursued her, but Ona Judge found a home

among Portsmouth's Black community.
Washington learned of her

whereabouts and sent one of his wife's relatives to convince her to

return.
She refused, saying ``I am free now, and choose to remain so.''
Rebuffed, the man determined to take her and her child back to Virginia

by force and admitted his intentions to Senator John Langdon.
Whether

it was Langdon who alerted her to the impending capture, or his trusted

free Black servant Cyrus Bruce, we do not know for sure.
But Ona was

determined to remain free and fled eight miles from Portsmouth into

Greenland, New Hampshire, where she lived with her daughters and

friends John and Phillis Jacks and their family until her death in

1848.
Several years before her death, Ona Judge Staines told her story to

two abolitionist newspapers.
The interviewer for the Granite State

Freeman asked her if she ever regretted her decision, and she replied

``No, I am free, and have, I trust, been made a child of God by the

means.''
Her journey exemplifies the power of determination in the

search for liberty, embodying our state motto ``Live Free or Die.''