SES, DOT/US Navy (Ret.):
Eileen Roberson is a retired United States Navy Reserve

Officer.
As a long-time member of the Federal Government's

Senior Executive Service, Roberson has served as Director of

Total Force Management for the US Navy's Military Sealift

Command, Assistant for Administration to the Under Secretary

of the Navy, Associate Administrator at the Department of

Transportation's Maritime Administration, and Deputy Program

Executive Officer (PEO) for Navy Information Technology

Roberson holds a Master of Science degree in Management

Information Systems from Bowie State University in Bowie, MD

and a BS degree in Engineering from the United States

Merchant Marine Academy.
John O. Arntzen, President, ACTA Maritime Development

Corporation: Recently retired as a Senior Program Manager

with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, North Atlantic

Division at Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn, New York, he helped

oversee a $2.4 billion Military Construction program on U.S.

Army and U.S. Air Force bases in Europe.
Prior to this,

Arntzen was Special Missions Ships Project Officer for the

U.S. Navy's Military Sealift Command.
From 2015 to 2019,

Arntzen was Chairman of the USMMA Alumni Association and

Foundation (AAF).
Arntzen holds a M.S. in Transportation

Management from SUNY and a B.S., with Honors, in Marine

Engineering from USMMA.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 29, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.