ANDREW R. GARBARINO

Mr. GARBARINO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the U.S.

Merchant Marine Academy Congressional Board of Visitors to thank the

experts of the Maritime Security Infrastructure Council.
Recognizing the vital role of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in our

national security and concerned about outdated and deteriorating

conditions across campus, they assembled a straightforward, multi-year

plan to bring the campus up to a standard commensurate with its crucial

function.
I am pleased to include in the Record a summary of their plan

to modernize the Academy's 80-year-old infrastructure as well as a link

to the Full Speed Ahead Plan in its entirety, which can be found at

<a href='https://wearetheusmma.com/fullspeedahead/'>https://wearetheusmma.com/fullspeedahead/</a>.
Graduates of the USMMA, one of our Nation's five federal service

academies, make up more than 80 percent of the U.S. Navy Strategic

Sealift Officer Force.
Without these service-committed mariners, the

Nation would have no assured source of trained, licensed officers to

crew the vessels which move materiel, fuel and supplies to foreign

shores in wartime.
Without a comprehensive capital improvement plan and

its timely execution, conditions on the USMMA's Kings Point, New York

campus will continue to worsen, adversely impacting mission-critical

training and hindering recruitment of dedicated service-obligated

midshipmen.
For far too long, Congress has ignored the infrastructure required to

provide USMMA midshipmen the specialized education and training they

need to fulfill their mission.
It is now time to make the institution

worthy of their commitment to serve our Nation.
Maritime Security Infrastructure Council

U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Full Speed Ahead Plan

Full Speed Ahead: A Plan to Address Critical Infrastructure Needs at

the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy

Background: In January 2021, the Maritime Security

Infrastructure Council (MSIC), a group with expertise in

major construction project management and concerned about the

deterioration of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA)

infrastructure, developed a comprehensive plan to bring the

campus up to the standards necessary to prepare USMMA

Midshipmen to lead our Nation's maritime mission in the 21st

century.
The Full Speed Ahead Plan is an intensive 8-year program to

execute a decades overdue, comprehensive modernization: new

academic buildings, physical readiness/training facilities,

midshipmen morale and welfare spaces, parking structures,

faculty and senior staff housing, utilities, IT, and campus

security upgrades, and renovations of many existing

buildings.
This plan is adaptable, e.g., it can be adjusted

for longer construction timelines and funding schedules,

and--importantly--it is intended to be executed while keeping

USMMA fully operational throughout construction.
Previous cost estimates were $611M in January 2021 and

$820M in March 2022.
The estimated cost when adjusted for

inflation has now risen to $1.02B; additional delay will only

further increase the cost of this urgently needed

modernization.
The need: With over 80 years in service to our nation, a

comprehensive modernization is long overdue if USMMA is to

continue producing world-class, service-committed merchant

marine officers who are the backbone of the U.S. Navy's

Strategic Sealift Officer Force and a crucial element of

defense readiness.
Congress has rightly recognized the necessity of and

supported funding modernization projects at the other federal

service academies, especially West Point and Annapolis.
Long-

term low funding levels have left the campus under-resourced,

and the result is a deteriorating campus that makes

attracting a diverse applicant pool and providing state-of-

the-art mission critical training even more difficult.
Many

of the facilities date back to the Academy's founding in the

1940s and are simply not conducive to the immersive training

and demanding coursework expected from our Nation's five

service academies.
Modern IT is nearly nonexistent in several buildings; what

is available cannot accommodate even the most basic digital

needs of Midshipmen, let alone support the increasingly high-

tech vessel systems that they must master.
Aside from minor Midshipmen Barracks repairs in the 2000s,

there have been no renovations or upgrades since 1988.
Nearly

every building on campus has exceeded its life expectancy and

now requires replacement or major renovation.