Benjamin grew up with family roots in Emmett, Idaho, and

received an ROTC scholarship to the University of Washington.
Once

commissioned into the Marines in 2019, Benjamin continued to strive for

excellence and was promoted to Captain in August of last year.
Captain Moulton was a decorated pilot who flew with precision and

skill, navigating through challenges with grace and determination.
His

love for aviation and his commitment to excellence inspired all who had

the privilege to serve alongside him.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Moulton family and friends as

they mourn the loss of this remarkable Marine.
We are inspired by

Benjamin's bravery and his service to our Nation will never be

forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARK SMAIL

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and

legacy of Mark Smail, who sadly passed away at the age of 62 on

February 17, 2024.
A graduate of Hempfield Area High School and the University of

Pittsburgh-Johnstown, Mark joined the family business at Smail Auto

Group and spent the next 40 years establishing the company as an

institutional pillar of the Westmoreland County business community.
Mark replaced his father as General Manager in 2018 and became the

third generation of the Smail family to lead the business.
Mark distinguished himself through his leadership, business acumen,

and dedication to the community.
The Westmoreland County Chamber of

Commerce named Smail Auto Group the 2021 Business of the Year, largely

due to the company's ability to keep all 500 employees on staff during

the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mark's continuous participation in industry and

community associations also earned widespread praise.
In recognition of

his commitment to civic engagement, the Pennsylvania Automotive

Association awarded Mark the 2021 Bud Smail Political Advocacy Award.
The award pays homage to Mark's late father, who inspired him to work

hard and give back to his community.
Mark shared his father's determination to give back to the community

and strived to make southwestern Pennsylvania a better place to live.
As a philanthropist, Mark raised millions of dollars for local

nonprofits.
He contributed to and volunteered with many organizations,

including the Pittsburgh Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases, the

Magee-Women's Research Institute and Foundation, the Troops First

Foundation, the Westmoreland Cultural Trust, and the Westmoreland Food

Bank.
As a devoted husband and father, Mark cherished his friends and

family.
Mark will be remembered by his wife of 35 years, Kelly, and

their children, Taylor and Marcus.
His memory will undoubtedly serve as

an example of love, devotion to one's family, and selfless service.
Mr. Speaker, Mark Smail dedicated his life to the people of

Westmoreland County and southwestern Pennsylvania.
His legacy is the

epitome of a life well-lived.
On behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's

14th Congressional District, I wish his family healing during this

difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR.
ALAN NISHIO

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and legacy of

a community leader and advocate, Mr. Alan Nishio.
Mr. Nishio was an activist, educator, and tireless organizer.
Born in

the Manzanar incarceration camp in 1945, Mr. Nishio spent his life

uplifting the Japanese American community in his many roles, including

as the longest-tenured Board President for the Little Tokyo Service

Center.
Mr. Nishio was also the founder of UCLA's Asian American

Studies program in 1968.
Mr. Nishio advocated for the Japanese community in Little Tokyo and

beyond.
As founder and co-chair of the National Coalition of Redress/

Reparations, Mr. Nishio worked tirelessly to provide rightful

compensation to Japanese Americans incarcerated during World War II.
Mr. Nishio was not only a mover and a changemaker, but a genuinely

kind individual.