Several years before her death, Ona Judge Staines told her story to

two abolitionist newspapers.
The interviewer for the Granite State

Freeman asked her if she ever regretted her decision, and she replied

``No, I am free, and have, I trust, been made a child of God by the

means.''
Her journey exemplifies the power of determination in the

search for liberty, embodying our state motto ``Live Free or Die.''
On

behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I commend the bravery of Ona Judge Staines to assert her

right to freedom at any cost.
May her story never be forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROBERT LAMBE'S SERVICE TO THE GREAT LAKES

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Lambe on

the occasion of his retirement from the Great Lakes Fishery Commission.
His significant service to the Great Lakes and surrounding communities

during his lengthy career is worthy of commendation.
Bob Lambe has been focused on serving and protecting our environment

throughout his career.
He holds a Master of Business Administration

from the University of Western Ontario and is an Electronic Engineering

Technology graduate from the Cabot Institute of Applied Arts and

Technology.
Bob had a 35-year career within the Public Service of

Canada.
For 6 years, Bob served as the Regional Director General for

the Central and Arctic regions.
Bob was also appointed as the first

Executive Director for the Invasive Species Centre in Sault Ste.
Marie,

which focuses on research, mitigation and response planning, and

rehabilitation efforts to combat invasive species that hurt Canada's

ecosystems.
In these roles, Bob has exhibited a wealth of knowledge and

experience when it comes to natural resource management, and his true

passion and dedication for protecting and conserving our aquatic

ecosystems is clear.
Most notably, in 2013 Bob Lambe joined the Great Lakes Fishery

Commission, a binational organization based in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Here he served as executive secretary for over a decade, as well as

commissioner and chair of the Commission.
Bob's work was invaluable,

and focused on appropriations, infrastructure, and strengthening

relationships with other organizations.
Bob was also a board member for

the North American Invasive Species Network, and the Canadian Aquatic

Invasive Species Network.
In all these positions, Bob worked tirelessly

to serve the organizations and their ability to serve the Great Lakes.
He emphasized the importance of protecting and sustaining fisheries in

the Great

Lakes Basin and applying the wealth of knowledge he gained from his

career to improve the commission.
During his time with the commission,

Bob received high accolades and praise, including a Distinguished

Service Award from the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources at

Michigan State University, for his dedication to conservation and

facilitation of effective cooperative fisheries management.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Bob Lambe for

his lifetime of public service.
His commitment to the Great Lakes

Fishery Commission has made a lasting change to the conservation

efforts of this organization and will not soon be forgotten.
Throughout

his career, Bob has remained reliable and genuine in his work to

protect our environment.
I join Bob Lambe's family, friends, and

colleagues in extending my best wishes to him in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MARITIME SECURITY INFRASTRUCTURE COUNCIL'S PLAN TO

MODERNIZE THE USMMA CAMPUS

HON.
ANDREW R. GARBARINO

Mr. GARBARINO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the U.S.

Merchant Marine Academy Congressional Board of Visitors to thank the

experts of the Maritime Security Infrastructure Council.
Recognizing the vital role of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in our

national security and concerned about outdated and deteriorating

conditions across campus, they assembled a straightforward, multi-year

plan to bring the campus up to a standard commensurate with its crucial

function.