From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PAUL ELMSTRAND, MATTHEW RUGE, AND ADAM FINSETH

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, today I joined thousands of people in

Minnesota who gathered for the public funeral for Burnsville Police

Officers Paul Elmstrand and Matthew Ruge, and Firefighter-Paramedic

Adam Finseth who gave the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty.
On Sunday, February 18, 2024, these courageous public servants

answered a call to protect a family and our community, and were gunned

down in a horrific act of violence.
This heartbreaking incident occurs

amid a crisis of gun violence and domestic abuse, and our first

responders are on the front lines every day.
Officers Elmstrand and Ruge dedicated their lives to protecting our

community.
Firefighter-Paramedic Finseth was committed to saving lives,

as he was attempting to do that day.
He also served our Nation proudly

in the U.S. Army, twice deploying on tours of duty in Iraq.
Their

deaths in the line of duty are a devastating tragedy that touches their

families, their fellow first responders, the Burnsville community, the

state of Minnesota, and our Nation.
I extend my deepest condolences to their families and friends who

loved them.
Their heroic sacrifice will always be remembered and

honored.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REV.
DR.
KEITH G. TYLER, SR.
HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a special man, Reverend

Dr. Keith G. Tyler, Sr.
from Lexington, Kentucky.
His church, Antioch

Missionary Baptist Church, is celebrating Reverend Tyler's 25th

anniversary as their pastor.
Reverend Tyler professed a hope in Christ as a child and was baptized

at the age of eight by the late Rev. A.D. Jones in Louisville, KY.
He

was called to preach the Gospel in 1985 and went on to be licensed and

ordained.
Reverend Tyler accepted the call to serve as pastor at

Antioch Missionary Baptist Church in 1998.
Under his leadership,

membership has more than tripled.
He encourages the delivery of God's

word in a variety of methods, including a feed-the-homeless effort, a

neighborhood bazaar and community festival, a Women's Conference, and

Children's Church.
He launched a live radio broadcast in 2022.
He is a

motivating speaker, an inspiring preacher, and an innovative leader.
He

enjoys traveling across the nation evangelizing.
Reverend Tyler is an active leader in the community.
He serves many

organizations, including the Speigel Hill Community Center, the Black

Faith Leaders of Lexington and Vicinity, and the Central KY Council for

Peace and Justice.
In addition, he is a trustee of Simmons College of

Kentucky, and he serves on the Community Police Chaplain ``Response

Team.''
He is the proud father and grandfather of four children and

three grandchildren.
Reverend Tyler is to be commended for his ministry over 25 years at

Antioch Missionary Baptist Church.
I congratulate him and all the

members of the congregation and wish them many more years of serving

our Lord.
I am honored to recognize Reverend Dr. Keith Tyler before the

United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF CAPTAIN BENJAMIN MOULTON

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor five of our precious

fallen Marines, including Captain Benjamin Moulton, who were killed in

a helicopter crash last week in California.
At 27 years old, Captain Moulton was known for his leadership and

determination.
Benjamin grew up with family roots in Emmett, Idaho, and

received an ROTC scholarship to the University of Washington.
Once

commissioned into the Marines in 2019, Benjamin continued to strive for

excellence and was promoted to Captain in August of last year.
Captain Moulton was a decorated pilot who flew with precision and

skill, navigating through challenges with grace and determination.