I am pleased that my hon.
Friend’s constituency will benefit from the decision on High Speed 2 and benefit significantly from new Network North funding—an additional billion pounds to deliver the midlands rail hub in full.
Decisions about Kings Norton are due to be made later this year, which should be good news to him.
The extension of the forthcoming Camp Hill line services between Birmingham and Kings Norton and Longbridge will be assessed in due course, too.
I hope that is helpful and I will ensure that the Rail Minister keeps him updated on progress.
I am sure the Prime Minister will join me and the communities I represent in sending heartfelt sympathies to the families and friends grieving at the loss of four young men in a tragic accident in Garreg Llanfrothen this week.
People in north Wales pay the highest standing charges on energy bills, at £340 a year—a third more than in London—despite having lower average incomes and living in older, poorly insulated houses.
With a further increase in standing charges due next April, the Prime Minister must recognise that he cannot leave this to Ofgem.
Will his Government tackle unfair standing charges before winter sets in?
We have provided an extraordinary package of support for households across the country to help with energy bills, totalling almost £100 billion over the past year or two.
The Ofgem price cap has also fallen to about £1,800 currently, and our price guarantee will remain in place until the spring of next year, which will provide further protection for families.
Crucially, the Chancellor announced previously that we have removed the premium paid by households using prepayment meters until the energy price guarantee ends, bringing their costs into line with those paid by comparable direct debit customers, and we continue to provide considerable support for vulnerable families throughout the winter with their energy bills.
Setting strategic aims for the middle east requires us to be precise about the terms we use, and that includes the word “peace”.
Peace is not just the absence of war or conflict, but the freedom from the fear of conflict, oppression or terror.
Peace requires mutual respect, freedom from persecution and living without fear of destitution.
It comes with self-determination and liberation from arbitrary justice.
It needs hope and  dignity, and enforceable rights.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that only when all the people of the middle east can achieve all those things can any of us talk about having achieved peace?
I agree wholeheartedly with my right hon.
Friend on that and thank him for what he says.
I know that his advice will continue to be of value to the Government as we find a way for a peaceful, more secure future for everyone living in the region.
The Scottish surcharge on energy means, according to Ofgem, that people in Scotland pay 50% more in standing charges than Londoners do, despite exporting 3.2 million hours of electricity to England in the past two months alone.
Meanwhile, Scottish green energy producers pay higher charges than English power companies to connect to the grid.
Does the Prime Minister think that that is fair to Scotland’s consumers and businesses?
I refer to my previous answer about the considerable support we are providing to families across the United Kingdom with their energy bills.
The hon.
Lady mentions Scottish businesses, and it would be good if the Scottish National party realised that it should support the 200,000 people employed in Scotland’s North sea oil and gas industry.[Official Report,  11 December 2023 , Vol. 742, c. 6MC.]
The latest film from Torquay’s Unleashed Theatre Company, “3 Steps”, outlines the impact of homelessness.
What further steps do the Government plan to take to ensure that everyone has a place of their own?