In the last 13 years, the six oil and gas licensing rounds by the Tories have produced 16 days-worth of oil and gas for the UK.
Will the Prime Minister explain how doubling the number of licensing rounds will have any impact on the insanely high energy bills my constituents are facing?
If he cared about energy security, jobs or the environment, he would surely be better matching the Scottish Government’s £500 million investment in a just transition and providing a £400 rebate to bill payers.
It is not £500 million; we are investing tens of billions of pounds in energy transition, not least for things such as carbon capture and storage, in which the North sea can play a starring role.
The hon.
Lady is just completely wrong.
In order to have energy security, it is right to exploit the resources that we have here at home.
Even the independent Climate Change Committee projects that we will still need oil and gas as we make the transition and in decades’ time, so the question for the hon.
Lady is: are we better off getting that here at home, supporting Scottish jobs and businesses, or are we better off putting that money in the hands of foreign dictators and shipping it here with two or three times the carbon emissions?
Today, I am hosting—here in the House of Commons—14 Ukrainian teenage children whose parents have been and are fighting the Russians in Ukraine.
Six of them have been orphaned.
They are up in the Public Gallery, but they will also be in the Inter-Parliamentary Union room from 1 pm till 2.30 pm this afternoon.
I know that it is a busy and important day, but all colleagues are welcome to drop by if they are able to do so.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to the parents of these children and take this opportunity to reiterate our steadfast support for the people of Ukraine in their fight for their independence, their freedom and their nation’s survival?
I do join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the parents of these children and many others.
I also wish to take the opportunity to say that, while events in the middle east have been dominating the headlines, I can assure my hon.
Friend that we and our allies are steadfast in our resolve to support Ukraine for as long as it takes for it to achieve victory.
That is why the Foreign Secretary visited both Kyiv and Odesa last week to confirm the UK’s continued unwavering support for Ukraine.
Putin cannot hope to outlast the incredible resolve or spirit of the Ukrainian people, and they should continue to have our support for as long as it takes.
A few weeks ago, the world cringed at the Prime Minister’s fawning welcome for Elon Musk.
This week, advertisers are fleeing Musk’s platform after his latest vile outburst.
What exactly did the Prime Minister think he might learn from an unelected, super-rich individual who had taken over a once successful organisation and plunged it into a death spiral?
It is striking that the hon.
Member for Cambridge—of all places!—absolutely does not understand the importance of technology sectors and companies to the growth of our economy.
It is absolutely extraordinary.
It actually illustrates everything that is wrong with Labour’s approach to our economy.
What the rest of the world saw was the UK playing a lead in defining the regulations and approach to a technology that will transform how we live.
It was a great example of the UK leading the way and an enormous tribute to our incredible entrepreneurs and businesses, many of which are being poorly represented by him in his constituency.
Today is Red Wednesday when we remember millions of Christians and others worldwide who are persecuted for their faith—people such as Margaret Attah, a nurse and a lovely young mother of four, who is here today from Nigeria.
She hid behind the altar as her church service was attacked.
One hundred were injured and 41 killed that day simply for being in church.
Margaret lost both legs and an eye.
Thousands more suffer similarly in Nigeria each year.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the best way that we can honour Red Wednesday today is to commit to quickly implementing the good words of the new International Development White Paper, which was published yesterday, to ensure that UK development policies going forward are inclusive of those marginalised for their religion or beliefs?