I appreciate that there is a need for a negotiation.
A fiscal floor is vital to Northern Ireland.
Can the Secretary of State ensure that any fiscal floor is driven by evidence, based on the work of the Northern Ireland Fiscal Council, draws on the work of Professor Holtham in Wales, and properly reflects the devolution of policing and justice, as happened in 2010 around need?
There is always some debate on the basis of need, and the Fiscal Council outlined what it should be in its eyes.
In general principles, the answer is yes.
A lot of conversations are to be had, and the Fiscal Council helpfully published a report earlier this year, but I remind the hon.
Gentleman that the proposal for Wales took over seven years to negotiate.
What discussions he has had with the chief commissioner and the commissioner for investigations at the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery since their appointment.
To update the House, Sir Declan Morgan and Peter Sheridan have been identified as chief commissioner-designate and commissioner for investigations-designate, respectively.
Sir Declan commenced work in June and Peter Sheridan is due to start in December.
Formal appointments will take place only once the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery is legally established.
The commissioner-designate
and I have been in contact about a range of issues, mainly through correspondence, including in leading the search for the remaining commissioners.
I am sure that when those meetings finally take place, the Secretary of State will take the opportunity to raise the numerous crimes committed in the Republic of Ireland against Northern Ireland, and challenge them over state-sponsored terrorism there.
In his dozens of meetings with Sinn Féin, can the Secretary of State explain if he has taken the opportunity to challenge Sinn Féin about its boycott of the institutions here?
When will he ask Sinn Féin Members to come back here and do their job?
As you would expect, Mr Speaker, I meet all the political parties and their party leaders in Northern Ireland and here, where their party leaders exist.
Everyone knows the views of this Government about people who do not turn up and take the oath in this place, but I have to work with all parties and will continue to do so.
If he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of allocating additional funding for teaching assistants in Northern Ireland.
Pay policy in Northern Ireland is devolved, and it is not for the Government to make those decisions.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman would agree that such decisions should be made by the Northern Ireland Executive, with Ministers returned there.
I know that the Minister has a deep interest in the affairs of Northern Ireland, and in the wages of classroom assistants.
Only last week, thousands of non-teaching staff went on strike from Northern Ireland schools.
The action was called over an escalating row over pay, where thousands of people walked out.
Will the Minister commit to investigating that in terms of the Barnett consequentials?
Can he ascertain what can be done to support teaching assistants in Northern Ireland?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
We are actively considering representations made by trade unions.
He raises an important point, and I know that he understands that it is a matter for the Executive.
I hope that one day, he and I will be able to celebrate some progress on these issues.
What steps his Department plans to take to help restore power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with political parties in Northern Ireland on the restoration of the Northern Ireland Executive.
I will answer those questions from my beautifully tabulated pack.
Our focus remains on delivering for the people of Northern Ireland, who expect and deserve locally elected decision makers to address the issues that matter to them.
I will continue to engage regularly with the party leaders, and believe there is genuine willingness on all sides to re-establish the conditions for the devolved institutions to go back to work and to thrive.
We have heard in this House today how disappointed Northern Ireland is at no successful levelling-up bids.
I visited Coleraine football club, which was disappointed to be unsuccessful in round 2.
Is the Secretary of State confident that the restoration of power sharing is close?
Northern Ireland simply cannot afford to lose out on even more money.
I am glad that the hon.
Lady went to Coleraine football club; I went there and had a wonderful experience with a great football team.
I would have loved to referee, but I was not allowed.
I believe that we are moving closer to a decision.
Discussions are still to be had, and they are continuing at pace and at length.
We have already heard today an example of how the people of Northern Ireland are disadvantaged by the lack of a functioning Executive.
I would add to that list the deployment of the apprenticeship levy and the reform of the renewable heat incentive.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that civil servants in Northern Ireland face an almost impossible job in trying to steer the ship of state without co-ordinates set by the politicians elected there?
[Interruption.]