The Minister knows that free childcare is not available in Northern Ireland, but is he aware of the serious consequences that people across the north are facing, particularly women?
Childcare is extremely expensive in Northern Ireland—the most expensive outside of London—so something really needs to be done.
Rather than telling me that this is just a matter for the Executive, who are not even sitting, can he tell me what he is doing right now to secure free childcare for those women, and who is he speaking to about it?
I know that the hon.
Lady does not mean to implore me to ride roughshod over the Belfast/Good Friday agreement, but we need to abide by the devolution settlement in that agreement.
Northern Ireland has its own childcare system, and it is the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive and the Northern Ireland Department of Education to put in place the much-needed policies for childcare support that the hon.
Lady quite rightly raises.
Successive Executives have not prioritised funding for childcare provision equivalent to that in England, despite having funding to do so through Barnett consequentials, so I hope she will join with me in saying to an Executive—which, of course, we hope will be restored—that they really do need to take care of childcare.
Given that a post on the Prime Minister’s No. 10 Instagram account this week celebrated Northern Ireland’s businesses with the Irish tricolour, does the Minister think that parents would get a better child deal with the Republic?
I am confident that somewhere there is a junior communications professional lamenting the fact that they accepted the automatically generated flag on that Instagram post, and I do not wish to deepen their embarrassment by going further.
The hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that I was proud to put out on my own Instagram the lapel pin that I am currently wearing.
What recent discussions he has had with businesses in Northern Ireland on the implementation of the Windsor framework.
What recent discussions he has had with businesses in Northern Ireland on the implementation of the Windsor framework.
Yesterday was the 49th anniversary of the Birmingham pub bombings that killed 21 people and injured 182—the deadliest act of terrorism in England during the troubles.
At this juncture, we should remember those who lost their lives, and in this 25th year of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement it is important to remind ourselves of the progress that has been made since 1998.
I recently attended a roundtable with the Northern Ireland Institute of Directors, and I meet regularly with Northern Ireland businesses to discuss a whole range of issues, including the Windsor framework.
Officials across the UK Government are also in regular contact with businesses about implementation of the framework.
We have continued the ongoing implementation of the Windsor framework, rolling out the first phase of the green lane on  1 October , cutting red tape and lifting bans on everyday products.
I very much welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to businesses in Northern Ireland.
Could he tell the House how many of them are now registered with the UK internal market scheme?
I am happy to confirm that more than 7,000 businesses have now registered with the UK internal market scheme, of which over 3,000 are businesses that did not benefit from the previous schemes.
All of those businesses can now move their goods free from any costly issues and tariffs.
In the future, businesses registered under the scheme will also be able to avoid completing customs declarations as we continue implementation of the Windsor framework.
Does the Secretary of State accept that for as long as there are customs declarations, physical searches and ID checks for businesses moving goods from Great Britain into Northern Ireland, even in the green lane, the Prime Minister’s view that there is no “sense of border in the Irish sea” will ring hollow?
With the greatest respect to my hon.
Friend, I do not accept that.
When we agreed to the Windsor framework, we committed to a certain number of EU laws being maintained in Northern Ireland, which has been of economic benefit to Northern Ireland even up to this point and will continue to be in future.
Pretty much everybody involved in movements across the Irish sea—the businesses involved, including the new businesses using them—believe that they are simple and very straightforward.