My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister was right when he said that education is the closest thing we have in public policy to a silver bullet, but I say to the hon.
Gentleman that the Northern Ireland Fiscal Council has acknowledged that Northern Ireland is currently receiving the funding it needs through a combination of the Northern Ireland block grant, locally generated revenue and additional UK Government funding packages.
Those additional packages amount to some £7 billion in additional funding since 2014.
I am afraid that the reality for schools in Northern Ireland is that they are long overdue reform, and the cost of running a divided education system is considerable.
We need to see much more integrated education and much more efficiency, to ensure that children get the education they richly deserve.
Recent analysis shows that Northern Ireland’s budget over the past three years has been cut by £2.3 billion in real terms.
On top of that slow decline, the UK Government have withheld millions in funding, forcing budget cuts on Northern Ireland Departments.
Why does the Minister think it is okay to punish the people of Northern Ireland for the political impasse of their representatives?
It is not our view that the people are being punished for an impasse.
The reality is that the budget situation is difficult for all the devolved nations.
The hon.
Lady will know that in Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland, difficult decisions have to be taken in order to live within our means.
This Government are taking the necessary steps to assist the Executive in balancing the books.
Whoever is responsible for the current stalemate in Northern Ireland, it is not young people in the country’s schools.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Chris Stephens)  has pointed to the desperate shortfall in funding.
Is the Minister aware that teachers in Northern Ireland have not had a pay increase for three years, so effectively they have taken a pay cut that is now over 20%?
Can he explain how that will help to maintain the proud record of education in Northern Ireland that he spoke about a few minutes ago?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that teachers have not hesitated to impress that point on me when I have been in Northern Ireland.
It is a matter that we have under active consideration, but I am unable to satisfy him today.
My right hon.
Friend has mentioned additional UK Government funding, and an important element of that is levelling-up bids.
We on the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee note with concern that no Northern Ireland application was successful in the recent third phase.
Can he assure me that a sum of funding is being set aside for Northern Ireland projects?
If so, can he give us an indication of the likely amount being set aside?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to highlight the issue.
A number of things have been said about this matter that are not the case.
The money will be made available in Northern Ireland, and it has been set aside.
If memory serves, it is about £15 million, but I would need to double-check—if I am incorrect, I will write to him.
The reality is that we need decisions to be taken by a restored Executive, and the Government are keen to work with Northern Ireland Ministers to that end.
I am grateful to him for highlighting this point and giving me the opportunity to say that the money will be spent in Northern Ireland.[Official Report,  29
November 2023 , Vol. 741, c. 7MC.]