Like the Prime Minister, I know the whole House will welcome the agreement reached overnight.
We repeat our calls for Hamas to release all hostages immediately.
This humanitarian pause must be used to get the hostages out safely, to tackle the urgent and unacceptable humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, and to make progress to a full cessation of hostilities.
In recent years, the international community has treated the two-state solution as a slogan, rather than a serious strategy.
That must now change.
Like the Prime Minister, I am also sure that I speak for everyone in the House in saying that our hearts go out to the families and friends of the four young men from Shrewsbury who tragically lost their lives this week.
It is a living nightmare for any parent, and I can hardly begin to imagine their loss.
This week, the Prime Minister unveiled the latest version of his five pledges for the country.
Let us hope that he has more success with these than he did with the last ones.
Did he forget the NHS?
Just weeks after I became Prime Minister, we injected record funding into the NHS and social care.
We also unveiled the first ever long-term workforce plan in the 75-year history of the NHS.
However, I am pleased that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman mentioned the five pledges, because as he knows, three of them are economic, and on a day on which we will focus on the economy, I am happy to report that we have indeed halved inflation—no thanks to the Labour party—that we have indeed grown the economy, and that we have indeed reduced debt.
That is a Conservative Government delivering for this country.
The reason the Prime Minister ignored the NHS, not only in his new pledges but just now, is that 7.8 million people are currently on the waiting lists.
That is half a million more than when he pledged to bring them down nearly a year ago.
The Prime Minister has just claimed that this is all about economic growth, so let me ask him this: if a labourer or a care worker is forced to wait a year for an operation, how are they meant to help grow the economy?
We are doing an enormous amount to bring waiting lists down.
We are expanding patient choice and rolling out new community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, as well as putting more doctors and nurses on our wards.
When the right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about targets and waiting lists, I just hope that the Welsh Labour Government are not listening, because after 25 years in power, they are missing every single one of his targets.
Were they not meant to be his blueprint?
More than double the entire population of Wales are currently on a waiting list in England.
The Prime Minister really needs to take some responsibility.
On his watch, 2.5 million people are too sick to work,  with the majority also suffering from mental health issues, and that is on top of his failures on waiting lists.
Can he tell us how many people are waiting for mental health treatment?
We have injected record sums to expand the number of mental health treatments in our country.
I have talked about the practical things we are doing, with community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman also does not seem to realise that the union action, which he fails to condemn, and which his Members of Parliament support from the picket lines, has led to several hundred thousand cancelled appointments, all making waiting lists worse.
He asked about Wales, and we can look at it.
In Wales, more than 70,000 people are waiting longer than 18 months for treatment, whereas in England, thanks to our efforts, we have virtually eliminated 18-month waits.
That is the difference between us: he wants to play politics, and we get things done.
So raising the waiting lists by half a million is getting things done.
It is “Through the Looking-Glass”, this one.
I asked the Prime Minister how many people were waiting for mental health treatment.
He knows the answer; he just does not want to give it.
The answer is 1.2 million, and 200,000 are children.
Some are waiting nearly two years to be seen.
Would the Prime Minister accept delays of that kind if it were one of his family or friends?
One of the key things that we are doing to bring down waiting lists is expand access to patient choice.
It is a very straightforward idea to make sure that patients can choose where they are treated, and in that way we will bring down waiting lists for mental health and other treatments far faster.
The Labour party’s policy on this is a total and utter mess.
First the right hon.
and learned Gentleman promised, in his words, to ban NHS use of the independent sector; then he said that he wanted more use of the independent sector, and his shadow Health Secretary agreed with that.
But then the deputy Leader of the Opposition said that she would end it.
As ever, you simply do not know what they stand for, and you cannot trust a word they say.
As ever, no responsibility for the shocking state of the NHS.
The truth is that the Prime Minister would not accept those waits for his family, and neither should anyone else.
This morning I spoke to an NHS nurse.
For many months, Cam struggled to find time to see her 14-year-old son Mikey until he became seriously unwell, and now he has not been able to be in mainstream education for over a year.
Mikey’s mum is having to balance nursing with caring and being a parent.
This is not a one-off.
There are families up and down the country in exactly the same situation: working hard and trying to get through the cost of living crisis while desperately worried about relatives who cannot get the treatment they need.
How does the Prime Minister think they feel when they see him refusing to take responsibility and boasting that everything is fine?
We are doing absolutely everything we can to put money into the NHS to bring down the waiting lists, because I want families up and down the country to have access to the healthcare that they need.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is absolutely right: they do deserve it, but it is incredibly galling to hear this from someone who, when there are strikes happening in our hospitals and people are being denied access to emergency medical care, not only does not have the strength to condemn it, but refuses to back legislation that would guarantee that access to all the families that he talks about.
This is on the Prime Minister’s watch; it is his responsibility.
Thirteen years in, and all he has to offer is trying to blame the Opposition for his failures over and over again.
Mikey’s mum—[Interruption.]
I will tell you what Mikey’s mum said to me this morning,
shall I, if you so are interested to hear?
She said that “whatever spin the Government puts on it, you can’t hide the reality for ordinary working people.”
Those are her words.
Worth reflecting on.
I am glad that in recent years real progress has been made in tackling the stigma surrounding mental health, but the fact remains that the suicide rate for 15 to 19-year-olds has doubled since 2010 and suicide is now the biggest killer of men under 45.
These are not just statistics; every single one is a tragic loss to families and to friends.
Politics has the ability to turn this around, but it means tough choices.
If we were to scrap tax loopholes, we could have thousands more staff, more support in our schools, more support in our communities.
That would allow us to treat patients on time, getting them back to work, back to their families and, crucially, giving them their lives back.
This is about mental health.
That is Labour’s plan.
Will the Prime Minister back it?
It was this Government that for the first time in the NHS’s history ensured that it had a long-term workforce plan, providing it with record funding so that we could eliminate long waits but also ensuring that it has the money that it needs to train record numbers of doctors and nurses while radically reforming how they work to improve productivity.
That is because, the only way we will get everyone the treatment they need is to make sure that the NHS has the fantastic staff it needs, and it is this Government that have put that in place.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about records.
This is something that no Government have done in the past, and it is something that I am proud we have done.
Labour’s record on this issue is clear.
It was a “disastrous failure” of workforce planning.
Those were not my words.
That was the verdict of the Labour-chaired Health Select Committee.
It was Labour that did not train the consultants that we need now, that take 13, 14 or 15 years to train.
It is this Government that are for the first time making sure that every family will finally have the doctors and nurses that they need.
Access to housing that local people can afford is the biggest challenge we face in Cornwall.
While we need to build more houses, we need to ensure that they are available and affordable to local people and meet the needs of our rural and coastal communities.
Local knowledge, particularly from elected representatives, is an important part of ensuring that we achieve this, yet the Leader of the Opposition has made it clear that his intention is to ignore or override the views of local  people in decisions on planning matters.
Can the Prime Minister assure me and the people of Cornwall that, under his Government, the views of local communities will play a part in the planning process?