I beg to move, That— (1) In Schedule 1 to the Tobacco Products Duty Act 1979 (table of rates of tobacco products duty), for the Table substitute— “TABLE (2) In consequence of the provision made by paragraph (1), in Schedule 2 to the Travellers’ Allowances Order 1994 (which provides in certain circumstances for a simplified calculation of excise duty on goods brought into Great Britain)— (a) in the entry relating to cigarettes, for “£393.45” substitute “£422.80”, (b) in the entry relating to hand rolling tobacco, for “£351.03” substitute “£412.32”, (c) in the entry relating to other smoking tobacco and chewing tobacco, for “£161.62” substitute “£173.68”, (d) in the entry relating to cigars, for “£367.61” substitute “£395.03”, (e) in the entry relating to cigarillos, for “£367.61” substitute “£395.03”, and (f) in the entry relating to tobacco for heating, for “£90.88” substitute “£97.66”.
(3) The amendments made by this Resolution come into force at 6pm on  22 November 2023 .
And it is declared that it is expedient in the public interest that this Resolution should have statutory effect under the provisions of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968.
As a country, we are in a very different position from the one we were in a year ago.
Back then, the Office for Budget Responsibility and the Bank of England were predicting a recession, but we have had growth.
Debt was predicted to rise almost 100% of GDP by the end of the forecast, but headline debt is now predicted to be more than 5% lower.
Rather than falling, average real incomes have risen.
None of that happened by accident.
It happened because of the difficult decisions we have made, which have turned the economy around.
We have learned the lessons of what happened a year ago, but the Opposition have not.
Today, we set out a plan for the economy that will grow our potential, reduce debt and reduce taxes, yet all Labour wants to do is reverse this progress by borrowing £28 billion.
It is the same old Labour party.
Let me begin with what we have achieved.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to highlight the issue.
A number of things have been said about this matter that are not the case.
The money will be made available in Northern Ireland, and it has been set aside.
If memory serves, it is about £15 million, but I would need to double-check—if I am incorrect, I will write to him.
The reality is that we need decisions to be taken by a restored Executive, and the Government are keen to work with Northern Ireland Ministers to that end.
I am grateful to him for highlighting this point and giving me the opportunity to say that the money will be spent in Northern Ireland.
I refer to my previous answer about the considerable support we are providing to families across the United Kingdom with their energy bills.
The hon.
Lady mentions Scottish businesses, and it would be good if the Scottish National party realised that it should support the 200,000 people employed in Scotland’s North sea oil and gas industry.