The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 22 November.
I know the thoughts of the whole House will be with the families and friends of the four teenagers who died in a car accident in north Wales.
I am sure we will touch on it later, but let me just say that we welcome the agreement reached overnight for a humanitarian pause in Gaza.
This is something that we have pushed for consistently and is a crucial step towards ending the nightmare for the families of those taken hostage in Hamas’s terror attack and addressing the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Today, the Prime Minister’s Government will say that disabled people have a duty to work from home or lose their benefits, as if a suitable job of this kind is something that can be conjured up at will.
It should be obvious to anyone that this kind of punitive policy is not incentivising work; it is simply punishing disabled people who are already among the most marginalised in our communities.
So can the Prime Minister do his duty and tell us now how many of the 137,000 jobs on the Department for Work and Pensions “Find a Job” website are roles that specify that you can work from home?
It would not be right to pre-empt the Chancellor’s autumn statement, but let me just say this: I am proud of the Government’s record in supporting those with disabilities.
Not only have we closed the disability employment gap and increased the number of employers who are now disability confident, we are also making sure that we support those who are most vulnerable in our society, not least with the cost of living payments this year, which include £150 for all those on means-tested disability benefits.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the measures taken to get us through the economic shocks caused by covid and Putin’s war were right for that time, but they are not the blueprint for the long-term successful economies of the future?
It is innovation and skills, and investment in them, such as the imminent rebuild of Harrogate College or the 12,000 local apprenticeships we have seen since 2010.
Those are our foundation, and not the fantasy fairytale tens of billions of borrowing from the Labour party.
My hon.
Friend is right.
I am proud that since 2010 we have created 5.5 million apprenticeships.
That is the difference between us.
We now know that the Labour party wants to halve the number of apprenticeships if it is in office.
Meanwhile, we want to make an apprentice Education Secretary.
My hon.
Friend is right.
Labour’s plans to borrow  £28 billion a year would just push up inflation, interest rates and taxes, undermining all the progress we have made on the economy.
It is only the Conservatives who will give people the opportunity to build wealthier, more secure lives for them and their families.