Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize and celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Christian Embassy, a ministry that has faithfully served leaders in Washington, D.C. and around the world since 1975.
I have had the privilege of being involved with Christian Embassy since I first came to the House of Representatives 28 years ago.
For half a century, the Christian Embassy has stood as a spiritual resource to public servants, helping them discover the relevance of God's truth in their personal and professional lives.
This vital ministry began when government officials and business leaders, concerned for the spiritual health of Members of Congress and their spouses, invited Dr. Bill and Vonette Bright--founder and president of Campus Crusade for Christ International--to come to Washington to minister to the personal, private, and spiritual needs of those serving in public life.
Over the years, the Christian Embassy's ministry expanded to include the White House, Presidential Appointees, senior Pentagon civilian and military leaders, ambassadors, and their spouses and staff.
From the beginning, God blessed this work.
The evidence of His faithfulness is seen in the many leaders who have come to know Jesus Christ personally through the ministry, as well as in those who have grown in their faith, learned to share it with others, and discovered how to live a Spirit-empowered life even amid the pressures of leadership.
The Christian Embassy's outreach has included discipleship training, evangelism training, private prayer times, personal counseling, and both group and individual Bible studies.
Through these efforts, the Christian Embassy has served Members of both Houses of Congress, White House officials, Presidential Appointees, senior military officers and civilians, and international diplomats.
For over two decades, one of the most cherished programs of the Christian Embassy was the ``Washington Escape,'' an annual retreat that allowed Members of Congress, senior military leaders, political appointees, senior executives, ambassadors, and their spouses to step away from the demands of Washington for a time of rest and renewal.
Renowned pastor and author Chuck Swindoll served as the master teacher for these retreats, which blessed countless participants with biblical wisdom and encouragement.
My wife Caroline and I were honored to participate in some of these retreats over the years.
I also want to highlight the leadership of Bobby Little, who has served as Executive Director of the Christian Embassy since 2007.
Under his direction, the Christian Embassy has expanded its programs to strengthen the spiritual and relational foundations of leaders serving in Washington and around the world.
Working alongside his lovely wife Sheila, 
Mr. Little has guided initiatives that provide discipleship, leadership development, and biblical training for Members of Congress, senior military officers, and diplomats.
As someone who has known Bobby for many years and is currently in the bible study he leads, I know that his steady leadership has helped the Christian Embassy remain faithful to its mission--equipping and encouraging those in positions purpose.
The Christian Embassy is nonpolitical and non-denominational, maintaining a singular vision: to minister to government leaders not only because of their personal needs, but also because of their influence as decision-makers shaping our Nation and the world.