Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise to recognize a significant milestone in the life.
Peter's United Church of Christ in Millbury, Ohio.
The congregation celebrates its 150th anniversary on Sunday, October 12, 2025.
Only one year after the founding of Millbury, St. Peter's Church was founded in 1875 by twelve families of German immigrants who came together to form the German Evangelical United St. Peter's Congregation.
It is the oldest continuous church in the community.
Church records show that the first meeting took place at the home of Adam Martin, a home that stands yet today, and was officiated by Reverend Andrews.
John's Church.
A fire sparked by a passing train burned the newly constructed building in 1878 and a new building was finally completed in 1884 using the railroad settlement.
That year, the church adopted its first constitution.
In 1908 a parsonage was built and a minister was hired.
The following years brought growth along with stained glass windows and a pipe organ.
In 1934 following a national merger the congregation was renamed St. Peter's Evangelical and Reformed Church.
Since a 1957 merger the church has held its current name, St. Peter's United Church Branching out into the community in the 1950's, adjacent land was purchased and a park was built which serves the neighborhood, gardens and athletic teams.
Uniquely, a boulder which resembled the image of Christ at Gethsemane was unearthed in 1969.
Moved next to the church, a plaque was inscribed with Mathew 16:18, ``And I say unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.''
Believing that ``every generation is called to live out its faith in meaningful worship, honest reflection and sincere devotion to God,'' the church continued to grow through the decades.
A youth program produced musical groups Kid's Praise and The Light Brigade which toured the states in our region and visited the Creation Music Festival in Pennsylvania.
Community services continued throughout, as the congregation supports food pantries, partners with service organization, has hosted an AA chapter for over forty years, opened its doors following a devastating tornado and became a Red Cross command post, and adapted to COVID by offering a ``parking lot church'' and live streaming which continues to this day.
Also during this time the congregation merged with its shared church Eastminster United Presbyterian Church so the two congregations now worship as one.
For an astounding 150 years, St. Peter's United Church of Christ lives up to the faith's motto, John 17:21: ``That they may all be one.''
The church demonstrates this message while living Christ's message of Love and being ``a welcoming place for all--no matter who you are or where you are on life's journey.''
As today's congregants celebrate this journey of 150 years, looking back with inspired recollection and renewed with a faith-filled purpose, we look forward to the next centuries of servant leadership in the community of Millbury and surrounding neighbors.