These

programs are a benefit to all Americans.
SFVAHCS' commitment to high quality health care does not go

unnoticed.
In 2023, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

received a 4-star rating for overall quality and a Silver Level

Geriatric Emergency Department Accreditation from the American College

of Emergency Physicians.
In 2024, two outstanding SFVAHCS employees

were recognized: Dr. Cynthia Delgado as one of TIME100's most

influential people in health and Dr. Bruce Ovbiagele with the W Lester

Henry Award for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion by the American

College of Physicians.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that the San Francisco VA Health Care

System is a critical resource for the veterans of California's Bay

Area.
Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here

today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUPERVISOR DON BLASER

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the dedicated career and

public service of Yuba County Supervisor Don Blaser.
Don was born and raised in the Yuba-Sutter region.
He proudly

attended Sutter Union High School where he would meet his future wife

and childhood sweetheart, Lavina, Don and Lavina were married in 1968.
Upon graduating, Don would attend college at the University of

California, Davis earning a degree in Agricultural Business.
Don would use his degree to help on his family's farming business in

Sutter County for many years.
Don would then go on to work with the

Yuba City Steel Products Company, where he would work for the next 30

years.
Don and his family would visit Hawaii and become inspired by a local

coffee shop known as ``Badass Coffee from Hawaii''.
Don's son Adam and

wife would later open their own coffee shop in Roseville known as ``Bad

Ass Coffee''.
Soon after Don and his wife would purchase The Brick

Coffee House Cafe in Marysville.
This venture would initially need a

major overhaul and clean-up; while starting as only a local coffee

shop, it would expand to become a thriving place to visit with great

food and desserts and be known for their great catering service.
The

cafe would stay as a family business for the next 20 years.
Don was elected to the Yuba County Board of Supervisors in 2021,

where he represented District Two.
During Don's tenure on the Board, he

would additionally serve on many other governmental organizations,

working to represent the rural interests of Yuba County.
Don has served

on the Area on Aging Area 4, California State Association of Counties

(CSAC), North Central Counties Consortium (NCCC), and many others.
Don

also served as Chairman of the Yuba County Board of Supervisors in the

year of 2024.
Don and Lavina have been married for 56 years and have two children,

Adam and Kricia, and four grandchildren.
We thank Supervisor Don Blaser for his term of service on the Yuba

County Board of Supervisors and commitment to the citizens of Yuba

County.
We wish him all the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUPERVISOR GARY J. EVANS

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the courageous public

service career and rural advocacy of Colusa County Supervisor Gary

Evans.
Gary is a fourth-generation life-long resident of Colusa County

growing up in the Stonyford-Lodoga area.
Gary proudly attended Maxwell

High School graduating in 1973.
Upon graduating, Gary would work for

the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service in

Fire Management for 12 years.
He would then go on to open and manage a

small sawmill, logging and contracting business in Colusa County for

many years.
Gary decided to run for the Colusa County Board of Supervisors in

2004 earning his first term on the Board, since then he has been

reelected four times serving 20 years on the Board.