The effectiveness of a leader can be judged by their lasting

impact.
By that measure, Alicia has excelled as she leaves Redwood City

in a better place.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues please join me in congratulating

Alicia Aguirre for an exemplary record of service to Redwood City,

commending her for her tireless dedication of time and talent, and

wishing her all the best in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALISA McAVOY

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Alisa McAvoy, School Board

Trustee for the Redwood City School District, upon her retirement after

17 years of dedication and advocacy for public education.
Alisa was born in Oxnard, California in 1963.
She moved to Northern

California where she attended Stanford University to pursue her

Bachelor and Master's degrees in Civil/Environmental Engineering with

an energy planning emphasis and graduated in 1987.
Alisa's commitment to protecting the environment has been illustrated

by her time working for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Dedicated to pollution prevention and agriculture sustainability, she

worked as an engineer and manager overseeing hazardous waste management

projects across several states.
Alisa's journey into educational advocacy began in 2007, when she was

elected to the Redwood City School District Board of Trustees.
During

her years on the Board, Alisa served as Board President and Vice

President three times.
Additionally, she has participated on numerous

District committees including Policy, Wellness, Call to Action, School

Choice Programmatic, Local Control Accountability, Superintendent's

Advisory, Feasibility Study, and Community Outreach.
The length and

depth of knowledge and experience acquired through active participation

in Board committees deepened her commitment and tireless advocacy for

education.
As a school board trustee, Alisa has engaged extensively with

community members, parents, staff, teachers, and elected officials to

foster collaboration to ensure a high caliber and meaningful public

education for all students.
Her leadership includes chairing

initiatives and successfully advancing multiple Redwood City School

District ballot measures, securing over $500 million to support

facility upgrades, capital projects, ongoing operations, and

educational programs.
Alisa has devoted numerous volunteer hours at school events across

San Mateo County, and in the schools, helping with math, art, field

trips, special events, science and more.
Alisa has always advocated for

education, especially for adequate and consistent funding with

community partners, parents, elected officials, state and federal

officials and non-profits and community groups.
With a passion for service, Alisa, has served on various boards

including Little Hands, Carlmont Parents Nursery School, Clifford

School Parent Teacher Organization, Redwood City Education Foundation,

North Star Site Council, Family Connections, and the Family Connections

Authors Night, Emerald Lake Country Club, Redwood City Woman's Club,

League of Women Voters, San Mateo County iZone Leadership Team and

Policy, and San Mateo County Community Choice Energy Advisory

Committee.
Because of exemplary service in public education, Alisa has been

recognized for her achievements, receiving Outstanding Volunteer of the

Year Award in 2011 from Family Connections, the Golden Oak Service

Award from the California State Parent Teacher Association, and the

17th District Parent Teacher Association in 2020.
For her decades of

service to the San Mateo County education community as a Redwood City

School District Trustee, Alisa was recognized with the 2024 J. Russell

Kent Award.
When Alisa is not advocating for public education, she enjoys

bicycling, hiking, enjoying nature, cooking, attending musicals and

concerts, and spending quality time with family and friends.
She

resides in Redwood City with her husband, Neil McAvoy, and has two

daughters Marissa and Clara.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the

extraordinary service to public education that Alisa McAvoy has

demonstrated over the past 17 years.
All the families that she has

impacted through her advocacy are better off because of her

determination to improve student education outcomes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALVIN ROYSE

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.