Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Wesley Housing as they mark

50 years of service to our community.
I am incredibly appreciative of

the vision, dedication, and tireless work that the team at Wesley

Housing does to address the critical need for affordable housing in

Northern Virginia.
Wesley Housing was established by Virginia Peters in 1974 in response

to a community-led poverty study that revealed the lack of viable

housing solutions for many families.
Since its inception it has

cemented itself as an independent nonprofit committed to changing lives

through access to safe and affordable rental housing units.
From its groundbreaking in 1979 with the first property in Fairfax

County, Wesley Housing has grown into one of the mid-Atlantic region's

largest and most respected providers of affordable housing.
To date,

the organization has developed or acquired 2,915 units across 40

properties, positively impacting the lives of over 25,000 individuals

and families.
But Wesley Housing's influence extends far beyond the

walls of its buildings.
Through collaborative partnerships and a

holistic approach to resident support, the organization empowers

families to build better lives, break the cycle of poverty, and

overcome deep-seated racial inequities.
Wesley Housing's commitment to excellence and its transformative work

in the region have earned the organization numerous accolades over the

years.
In 2022, the Housing Association of Nonprofit Developers (HAND)

named Wesley Housing ``Nonprofit Developer of the Year'' for the third

time, recognizing the organization's ongoing contributions to

affordable housing.
Other prestigious honors include the SatisFacts'

Resident Superior Award, which Wesley Housing has won seven consecutive

years due to exceptional ratings from residents, and recognition from

Affordable Housing Finance, which ranked Wesley Housing among the ``Top

50 Affordable Housing Developers'' in 2021.
I am honored to celebrate Wesley Housing's important milestone and

want to express my deepest gratitude to the entire team, its partners,

and the countless individuals who have benefited from its life-changing

work.
Wesley Housing's continued success is a testament to the power of

community-driven solutions and its unwavering commitment to improving

the lives of those who need it most.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALICIA AGUIRRE

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize Alicia

Aguirre, Councilmember for the City of Redwood City, upon the

conclusion of her 19 years of service to our community.
Alicia is the daughter of immigrant parents from Mexico, first

generation to graduate from college, and proud mother of two young men

with three grandchildren.
She holds an M.A. from Eastern Michigan

University and has done Doctoral studies in Social Anthropology at the

Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico City.
She was a Fulbright Exchange

Professor in Argentina.
A 36-year resident of Redwood City, Alicia arrived in 1988 concurrent

with her employment as a Professor at Canada College in the English as

a Second Language (ESL) and Spanish Departments.
She currently serves

as the ESL Department's Coordinator.
She was also a former Visiting

Dean at the Sequoia Union High School District as Director of English

Learners.
Her passion for education is evident in her volunteer and

community activities that have empowered others to achieve.
She served

for six years as a Trustee, with one year as President, of the Redwood

City Elementary School Board before her appointment to the City

Council.
She served as a Trustee for Notre Dame De Namur University in

Belmont, on the Mt. Carmel and Garfield Charter School Boards, and as

Board Member for the Redwood City Library Foundation.
Alicia was appointed to the City Council of Redwood City in January

2005 and was elected in November 2005, and re-elected in 2007, and

2011, 2015, and 2020 for a total of 19 years, amongst the longest-

tenured City Councilmembers in San Mateo County.
She has served as both

Vice Mayor and then Mayor from 2011-2013 and is the first Latina Mayor

in the history of Redwood City.