Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF WINIFRED WHITE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
174

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF WINIFRED WHITE

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday

of Mrs. Winifred White.
Winifred was born on December 10, 1924, to Thomas and Frances Marsh

at Mercy Hospital in Bakersfield, California.
Born the middle child

between her two sisters, Wilma and Georgia, Winifred attended Emerson

Junior High School followed by Kern County Union High School, which is

known today as Bakersfield High School.
Even back in those early years,

Winifred recalls the societal and technological milestones she felt in

her life and the community around her, like when her family discarded

their ice box to buy their first refrigerator after her father quit the

Union Ice Company.
With her sisters, Winifred brought life to the

emerging Bakersfield community, attending performances, ice skating,

and enjoying ice cream sodas at Dewar's Candy Shop.
Following her graduation from high school, Winifred attended summer

school at a junior college in the Pasadena area, where she found a

lifelong passion for bookkeeping.
She soon met her first husband, Jim

Bolin, with whom they had a daughter, Marcia.
Winifred later met Vince

Bittleston, an Air Force officer stationed at Minter Field, and the

couple would soon be engaged.
They would bring a son into the world in

1946--Lawrence Thomas Bittleston--and a second son in 1947--Allan Lee

Bittleston.
Vince flew planes in World War II and the couple would

share a love of aviation and travel for their entire lives.
In 1947,

the couple launched a crop-dusting business where Winifred managed the

bookkeeping, bills, and inventory, and Vince handled sales and flew the

planes.
Two years later, with the crop-dusting business growing, the

couple built a three-bedroom house together and owned their first

washer and dryer.
To spend more time as a family, Winifred and Vince

later moved to a home in Buttonwillow and bought their three children a

horse.
Finding herself in a new town, Winifred became involved nearly in

every local community

organization.
She served as Secretary of Lady Lions, President of the

local Parent Teacher Association, Vice President of the local American

Legion Post, and Den Mother of the Cub Scouts.
Winifred is the first

woman to have been nominated to run for mayor of Buttonwillow.
While

the race was unsuccessful, Winifred would go on to serve on the staff

of several mayors.
Vince sadly passed away in October of 1991, following nearly 46 years

of marriage.
Winifred later remarried Cliff White, a longtime friend

and the builder of her Buttonwillow home.
As both were previously

widowed, it marked a new beginning of their future journey together as

a loving couple.
Winifred White is the proud mother of three, grandmother of seven,

great-grandmother of eight, and great-great-grandmother of two.
Through

marriage and love, Winifred has herself become a beloved matriarch and

a beloved member of our community.
Kern County is blessed with Winifred

and other women like her, who serve as a model for community

involvement and the American Dream.
join me in celebrating the 100th birthday of Mrs. Winifred White, an

amazing woman who has grown with Kern and helped our community thrive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 50 YEARS OF WESLEY HOUSING

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Wesley Housing as they mark

50 years of service to our community.
I am incredibly appreciative of

the vision, dedication, and tireless work that the team at Wesley

Housing does to address the critical need for affordable housing in

Northern Virginia.
Wesley Housing was established by Virginia Peters in 1974 in response

to a community-led poverty study that revealed the lack of viable

housing solutions for many families.