He passed away this year after a long life spent advocating

for the Independent Cattlemen's Association of Texas.
Born in February 1948 in Corpus Christi, Texas, Dr. Tate's childhood

was spent on a small farm near Victoria, and quickly moved to Devine.
Here, his love for all animals, but especially horses and cattle, was

born.
Dr. Tate took this love and turned it into a career.
In 1973, after

graduating from Texas A&M, Tate received his Doctor of Veterinary

Medicine and opened two practices, with one in Alberta, Canada, and the

other in Lytle, Texas.
Beyond his business successes, Dr. Tate was also renowned for his

heifers.
His Brangus heifers were frequently the highest selling in

many special replacement female sales.
An avid rodeo fan, Dr. Tate traveled across this continent to watch

the sport and spend time with his treasured friends in team roping.
Dr. Tate was especially dedicated to the Independent Cattlemen's

Association of Texas, where he served on the ICA Board of Directors and

chaired the committee on animal health and safety.
He was also an active member of the South Central Texas ICA chapter

and served on their board.
In 2019, he was awarded the South Central

Texas Independent Cattlemen's Association Trailblazer Award at the

annual ICA convention.
Dr. Tate is survived by his wife of 55 years Diana and 3 children,

Justin, Jennifer and Gaylyn.
Glen especially loved family time with his

6 grandchildren--Lane, Bradley, Tyler, Taryn, Dalton and Josie, as well

as 3 great grandchildren--Cohen, Stevie Lynn and Lottie Jane.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE PHILADELPHIA TRIBUNE'S 140TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DWIGHT EVANS

Mr. EVANS.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor The Philadelphia

Tribune, the Nation's oldest continuously published newspaper serving

the African American community, as it proudly celebrates its 140th

anniversary.
Since its founding in 1884 by Christopher James Perry Sr.,
The

Philadelphia Tribune has been a steadfast voice, uplifting and

amplifying the stories, struggles, and triumphs of African Americans in

Philadelphia and beyond.
From its humble beginnings as The Weekly

Tribune, a one-page publication, the newspaper has grown into an

esteemed institution, documenting pivotal moments in our Nation's

history and reflecting the rich tapestry of African American life and

culture.
Under the visionary leadership of figures such as Eugene Washington

Rhodes, who championed civil rights and community empowerment, and

Robert W. Bogle, its current President and CEO, the Tribune has

expanded its reach and impact.
Through its publications, special

editions, and community events, The Philadelphia Tribune has celebrated

Black history, fostered civic engagement, and highlighted the

achievements of African Americans in the Greater Philadelphia region.
Over its 140 years, the Tribune has garnered numerous accolades for

its excellence in journalism and public service, including the A.

Philip Randolph Messenger Award for Outstanding Journalism and the

``Russward Award'' for Best Newspaper in America.
These honors

underscore the Tribune's commitment to truth, equity, and advocacy.
The legacy of The Philadelphia Tribune is not just about chronicling

the past; it is about empowering the present and shaping the future.
As

it continues to serve as a vital platform for African American voices,

I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating The Philadelphia

Tribune on this historic milestone and in celebrating its enduring

contributions to our society.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained.
Had I

been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
477 and YEA on

Roll Call No.
478.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MAHMOUD OTHMAN ATTA

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the

life and work of Mahmoud Othman Atta a highly-respected leader in the

Muslim and interfaith community, veteran, husband, father and

grandfather.