She also worked as a postal instructor in Oakland,

Maryland, and Oklahoma.
Postmaster Burns later managed Consumer and Industry Affairs at the

Postal Headquarters in Washington, D.C. During this period of her

career, she participated in a national roundtable on the development of

new postal vehicles.
Postmaster Burns was also instrumental in

establishing postal customer call centers in New Jersey, Michigan, and

Los Angeles.
Additionally, she demonstrated her commitment to

accountability by conducting financial audits under the direction of

the Office of the Inspector General.
As Postmaster in St. Helena, Napa, and now Oakville, Postmaster Burns

exhibited strong leadership.
Following the Napa earthquake and

devastating wildfires, she ensured uninterrupted mail service and

introduced free P.O. Box delivery for residents who lost their homes, a

lifeline to many rebuilding their lives.
The role of a postmaster requires meticulous organization, clear

communication, and the ability to adapt under pressure.
Postmaster

Burns has consistently embodied these traits, guiding her teams with

grace, and fostering trust and reliability among postal employees and

the community she served.
Her ability to lead through challenges while

prioritizing the needs of others is a hallmark of her career.
Beyond her professional accomplishments, Postmaster Burns has been a

beacon of inspiration within our community.
In 1983, she proudly held

the title of Miss Napa County, a testament to her grace and charisma.
She is affectionately known by many as their ``Favorite Postmaster,'' a

reflection of the respect and admiration she has earned in our

community.
Postmaster Burns resides in Oakville with her husband, Steve.
She is

the proud mother of three adult children, Jordan, Samuel, and Addison,

and is the loving grandmother of five grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I thank Postmaster Burns for her dedicated service to

our community and

her lasting contributions to the United States Postal Service.
I thank

her for her tireless dedication and wish her the very best in her well-

earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SAN FRANCISCO VA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my

colleagues Speaker Emerita Nancy Pelosi, Representative Kevin Mullin

and Representative Jared Huffman to honor the San Francisco VA HeaIth

Care System (SFVAHCS) in celebration of its ninety years of providing

high quality medical care and services to our country's veterans.
Conceived of by the newly consolidated Veterans Administration in

1931, San Francisco VA Medical Center opened its doors on the aptly

chosen date of November 11, 1934.
Located at historic Fort Miley in San

Francisco, the original medical center remains the flagship of the

California Bay Area's veterans health care system.
Over the last nine

decades, the hospital and staff have served thousands of veterans.
In

2023, SFVAHCS provided care to 94,594 veterans with a combined 870,693

outpatient visits and 3,203 inpatient admissions.
Now as part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), SFVAHCS

continues to operate the medical center, manages a 120-bed community

living center and oversees nine outpatient clinics across its service

territory.
Those clinics are located in downtown San Francisco,

Clearlake, Eureka, Oakland, San Bruno, Santa Rosa, and Ukiah.
The

health care system is supported by an incredible staff of more than

three thousand employees and three hundred volunteers.
For over sixty years, SFVAHCS has partnered with the University of

California, San Francisco's School of Medicine to train physicians.
Many generations of medical professionals that now support our

country's greater health care system learned from the highly skilled

clinicians at SFVAHCS.
Moreover, the health care system boasts the

largest competitively funded research program in the VA which is

driving cutting edge health care innovations and technologies.
These

programs are a benefit to all Americans.
SFVAHCS' commitment to high quality health care does not go

unnoticed.
In 2023, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

received a 4-star rating for overall quality and a Silver Level

Geriatric Emergency Department Accreditation from the American College

of Emergency Physicians.