All the families that she has

impacted through her advocacy are better off because of her

determination to improve student education outcomes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALVIN ROYSE

HON.
KEVIN MULLIN

Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor

Councilmember Alvin L. Royse, fondly known as ``Al,'' for his decades

of exemplary service to his community, his profession, and his family.
As Councilmember Royse completes his third term on the Hillsborough

City Council, it is appropriate to reflect on his remarkable legacy of

leadership and dedication.
Al was born in 1950 in the Peace Garden State of North Dakota as one

of five children in his household.
He began his career of service to

the public by serving two terms in the North Dakota Legislative

Assembly, where he championed key issues such as the Equal Rights

Amendment.
He was later inducted into the University of North Dakota

School of Accounting Hall of Fame and was awarded the University of

North Dakota Sioux Award for Distinguished Achievement and Leadership.
He served as Mayor of Hillsborough in 2021 and 2022, bringing his

deep expertise and collaborative spirit to the role.
Al has served as

Public Works Commissioner since 2021, after serving as Finance

Commissioner from 2013 to 2020.
His tenure on the Council has been

marked by his steadfast advocacy for fiscal responsibility and

sustainable infrastructure development.
Beyond his contributions to local government, Al's impact extends to

national service.
A retired Senior Partner with Deloitte & Touche LLP,

he distinguished himself as Global and U.S. National Managing Partner

for Tax Industries, among other leadership roles.
A Certified Public

Accountant and attorney, Al has also lent his expertise as a consultant

to businesses and a lecturer on global economics, corporate ethics, and

leadership development.
Al's contributions to nonprofit organizations are equally

significant.
He is a past National Chairman of both the American Heart

Association and Voices for Healthy Kids.
His work for these

organizations earned him numerous accolades, including the 2021 Gold

Heart Award and the 2024 Morgan Stark Memorial Award from the American

Heart Association.
Locally, he has supported education, youth sports,

and civic organizations, serving as a leader for groups such as the

Hillsborough Schools Foundation, Boy Scouts, and Peninsula Family

Service.
A proud resident of Hillsborough since 1985, Al raised his children,

Matthew and Jennifer, in the community.
Al's role as a father,

grandfather, and active participant in his children's lives has been a

source of immense pride.
An avid skier, tennis player, and history

enthusiast, Al is looking forward to spending more time with his

grandchildren, traveling, and pursuing his-love of reading following

his time on the Hillsborough City Council.
Al's tenure is a testament

to his unwavering commitment to public service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing

Councilmember Alvin L. Royse for his decades of extraordinary service

and his enduring commitment to making his community and our Nation a

better place.
His legacy will continue to inspire future generations of

leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING POSTMASTER JULIANA BURNS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Juliana Burns, an esteemed member of our Napa community, as she retires

from 37 years of service with the United States Postal Service.
Postmaster Burns began her career as a letter carrier in Vallejo and

Napa before advancing to serve as a postal customer service supervisor

in multiple cities.
She also worked as a postal instructor in Oakland,

Maryland, and Oklahoma.
Postmaster Burns later managed Consumer and Industry Affairs at the

Postal Headquarters in Washington, D.C. During this period of her

career, she participated in a national roundtable on the development of

new postal vehicles.
Postmaster Burns was also instrumental in

establishing postal customer call centers in New Jersey, Michigan, and

Los Angeles.