From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MAHMOUD OTHMAN ATTA

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the

life and work of Mahmoud Othman Atta a highly-respected leader in the

Muslim and interfaith community, veteran, husband, father and

grandfather.
Mr. Mahmoud Othman Atta was born on June 22, 1936, and he

died on November 10, 2016, at the age of 80.
Mr. Atta was born in the Palestinian territories in El-Bireh,

Palestine and moved to Milwaukee at age 16 with his dual-citizen

father.
He graduated from West Division Hjgh School in Mi]waukee,

Wisconsin, attended two years of technical college and was drafted into

the U.S. Army, serving as a medic.
After his military service Mr. Atta

returned to the Palestinian territories, where he married his wife,

Intisar and had two children.
He later returned to Milwaukee with his

family in the mid-1960s.
He is regarded as the Milwaukee area's first de-facto imam, leading

prayers and religious services in homes, though he never held the title

full time.
Local Muslims hailed from various homelands, speaking

different languages and Mr. Atta bridged those divides through communal

worship.
He organized classes to teach Arabic, the language of the

Qur'an so that everyone would be able to pray and read the Holy Book

together.
Mahmoud Othman Atta was one of the Islamic Society of Milwaukee's

seven founding members.
Mr. Atta guided Milwaukee's Muslim community

and the Islamic Society of Milwaukee in the 1970's, when an estimated

200 Muslims lived in the city.
He helped lead fundraising for the

purchase of its main center on the city's south side and served on the

society's first board of trustees, a position he held for about a

decade.
Mahmoud Othman Atta was a natural leader.
He saw the value in

reaching across racial and religious lines, joining interfaith

organizations and Muslim-Christian dialogue groups.
He was respected

for his character and his knowledge.
Mr. Atta would open his home to a

stranger, realizing how it felt like to be alone without family, so he

always had a soft spot in his heart for students or individuals who

were coming from overseas.
Mr. Atta worked as an engine technician at Briggs & Stratton for

about 25 years, retiring in 1990 after suffering his first stroke.
Mr.

Atta had been in declining health in recent years and suffered a stroke

while he and his wife spent several months in the Palestinian areas.
He

returned to the Palestinian territories every year or two, where his

large family is well-known.
About 1,000 people there have attended

visitations spread over three days, after his death.
Mahmoud Othman Atta is survived by his wife Intisar; 2 sons Othman

and Ihsan; 2 daughters Janan and Bayan; and 12 grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, Milwaukee has experienced a profound loss with the

passing of Mahmoud Othman Atta.
He had an attachment to Milwaukee, and

he loved the Midwestern lifestyle.
Today, I thank him and his family

for their immeasurable achievements.
I mourn his loss and I salute his

legacy.