Upon graduating, Gary would work for

the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service in

Fire Management for 12 years.
He would then go on to open and manage a

small sawmill, logging and contracting business in Colusa County for

many years.
Gary decided to run for the Colusa County Board of Supervisors in

2004 earning his first term on the Board, since then he has been

reelected four times serving 20 years on the Board.
As Supervisor, Gary

would stand as a stanch defender of the Constitution and the Civil

Rights of local citizens, businesses, schools, churches, and

organizations.
Additionally, Supervisor Evans served as Chairman of the

Colusa County Board of Supervisors during the years of 2009, 2012,

2017, 2018, 2021 and 2024.
Gary has played a pivotal role in bringing the Sites Reservoir

Project to reality and has made a point to see the project to

completion which would help provide the larger region and agricultural

community with the essential water it needs.
Over the years, Supervisor Evans fought directly for the residents of

Colusa County.
During the statewide Stay at Home Order in the 2020

COVID-19 pandemic, Supervisor Evans moved to allow those who choose to

reopen for business and recreation to do so as they saw fit.
This

action would save many local businesses and allow for a quicker

recovery.
Gary's leadership on the Board has proved instrumental as he

personally introduced and coordinated a variety of projects in Colusa

County that have included County, State, Federal agencies, and numerous

private landowners working towards common goals with a positive.
``we're all in this together'' attitude.
We thank Supervisor Gary Evans for his twenty years of service on the

Colusa County Board of Supervisors and commitment to the citizens of

Colusa County.
We wish him all the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUPERVISOR NICK MICHELI

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the public service career

of Sutter County Supervisor Nick Micheli.
Nick is a third generation Sutter County resident and farmer.
The

Micheli family roots in Sutter County go back to when the family first

started farming in Live Oak in the 1920's.
Nick's early education was in Sutter and Yuba County where he

attended Sutter Union High School.
and then Yuba College.
Nick would

further his education at the University of Phoenix, where he majored in

Business Management and received an Associate's Degree in Business

Fundamentals.
Nick would take over the family farm, Micheli Enterprises Inc., at

the age of 20, after his father passed away.
Nick continues to serve as

the Manager and Owner of the farming operation and as the Secretary and

Treasurer of the Lomo Receiving Co. in Live Oak.
Nick would also serve as a Board Member of the Yuba-Sutter Farm

Bureau and California Dried Plum Board.
In these organizations, Nick

served on the Government Affairs and Management Committee.
Nick proudly serves as a local ambassador to Shriner Children's

Hospital and is a 32nd Degree Free Mason who chairs the bicycle program

for local elementary schools.
Nick and his wife, Sasha, have a daughter named Violet.
We thank Supervisor Nick Micheli for his years of service advocating

for the agricultural industry while on the Sutter County Board of

Supervisors.
We wish him all the best in his career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DR.
GLEN TATE

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate the life of Dr.

Glen Tate.
He passed away this year after a long life spent advocating

for the Independent Cattlemen's Association of Texas.
Born in February 1948 in Corpus Christi, Texas, Dr. Tate's childhood

was spent on a small farm near Victoria, and quickly moved to Devine.
Here, his love for all animals, but especially horses and cattle, was

born.