Opening day was gruesomely coincided with the announcement of the

assassination of Alexey Navalny by war criminal Putin.
His widow Yulia

Navalnaya courageously spoke to proclaim the efforts to resist Putin's

oppression of the Russian people will continue.
Highlights of our Saturday, February 17th meetings at the Munich

Security Conference were Chairman Mike Turner hosting a

``Conversation'' with the Mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko, the American

German Institute at Johns Hopkins policy discussion with German

Minister of Defense Boris Pistorius, a speech by Vice President Kamala

Harris, a U.S.-Netherlands meeting with Dutch Ministers Kasja Ollongren

of Defense and Hanke Bruins Slot of Foreign Affairs, U.S.-German

meeting with Chancellor Olaf Scholz, the U.S.-Ukraine meeting with

President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a U.S.-Iraq meeting with Prime Minister

Shia' Al Sudani, a briefing by U.S. European Commander General

Christopher Cavoli, and concluding with a dinner featuring former

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, with Prime Minister Nikolay Denkov of

Bulgaria, and Deputy Prime Minister Olha Stefanishyna of Ukraine, as we

later met President Iham Aliyev of Azerbaijan.
The next day, on Sunday, February 18th at the Munich Security

Conference, key meetings included a U.S.-Swedish bilateral session with

Swedish Minister of Defense Pal Johnson, a breakfast meeting on

national security challenges in space with former Secretary of State

Mike Pompeo, a U.S,-Romania bilateral meeting with Romanian Minister of

Foreign Affairs Luminita Odobescu, a U.S.-Ukrainian bilateral meeting

with Ukrainian parliamentarians led by Yehor Cherniev, and a meeting

featuring former General and CIA Director David Petraeus.
In the afternoon, as the Chair of the Commission on Cooperation and

Security in Europe, I hosted the Commission's first-ever side event at

the Munich Security Conference with the U.S. Ambassador to the OSCE,

Michael Carpenter.
The lunch discussion on the future of international

institutions and U.S. support brought together Congressional and

international organization leaders.
Our international participants

included Helga Schmid, Secretary General of OSCE; Mircea Geoana, Deputy

Secretary General of NATO; Boris Ruge, NATO Assistant Secretary General

for Political Affairs and Security Policy; Stephen Biegun, Senior Vice

President for Global Public Policy, Boeing Company; Michael Georg Link,

Member of Bundestag, Coordinator of Transatlantic Cooperation;

Ambassador Gesa Brautigam, Special Envoy for Feminist Foreign Policy

and Human Rights, German Foreign Office; Majda Ruge, Senior Policy

Fellow, European Council on Foreign Relations; and Fabrizio Micalizzi,

Chief of Staff to Coordinator of Transatlantic Cooperation, Bundestag.
In addition to myself and Ambassador Carpenter, the U.S. delegation was

honored to include Congressman Lloyd Doggett, Congresswoman Victoria

Spartz, and Margaret Grun Kibben, Chaplain of the U.S. House of

Representatives.
Afterwards, en route to Nuremberg, the U.S. delegation presented a

wreath in memory of the over 41,000 murdered at the Dachau

Concentration Camp during the Nazi Holocaust targeting the Jewish

people and others opposing Hitler's genocidal policies.
Mr. Karl

Freller, Director of the Bavarian Memorial Foundation, expert guide

Alex Pearman, and Press Officer Verena Bierl provided the gruesome

history of the infamous camp.
At Nuremberg, the delegation met with Ukrainian community refugees at

the German-American Institute welcomed by Professor Andreas Falke,

Director of the German-American Institute in Nuremberg.
Tuesday, February 20th, it was historic to host a field hearing at

the Nuremberg Palace of Justice Courthouse, Room 600, where the Nazi

war criminals were tried after World War II.
The U.S. Organization for

Cooperation in Europe delegation was bi-cameral with Senator Thom

Tillis (NC) and bi-partisan with Congressman Lloyd Doggett (TX) and

recorded testimony by Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, as well as

Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN), and Congressman Andy Harris (MD).
This was a field hearing to examine how best to bring Russian

perpetrators to account for their war crimes in Ukraine.
The hearing was opened with welcoming remarks from Ukrainian

President Zelenskyy, who, addressing the hearing in a video, said ``No

war can be truly ended without bringing to justice those thugs

responsible for sparking this war, killing, and torching, deporting

children and adults . . .