From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TOM SKILLING

HON.
JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

Ms. SCHAKOWSKY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of the

most renowned and beloved figures in Chicago, meteorologist Tom

Skilling.
Tom, a 9th Congressional District resident, has worked for 45

years on WGN-TV, enthusiastically and accurately providing weather

forecasts to Chicagoland.
His lifelong passion for weather and his

connection with his audience has earned him a place in the hearts and

history of this city and beyond.
I am proud and honored to call him a

friend.
As he embarks on his well-deserved retirement and starts his

next chapter, we offer our sincerest gratitude for bringing his

sunshine to our TV screens for decades.
I commend Tom Skilling for his unrelenting and contagious dedication

to the weather.
As a boy growing up on the East Coast, he studied

weather maps purchased with his allowance.
Tom moved to Aurora,

Illinois in 7th grade and brought with him a passion for meteorology so

strong he had to share it with the world.
At only 14 years old, Tom

gave the forecast on the local radio station WKKD before attending

class at West Aurora High School.
Upon completing his studies in meteorology and journalism at the

University of Wisconsin, Tom embarked on a career that made him a

Chicago area legend.
Joining the team at WGN-TV, Tom accomplished what

no other did before him--he didn't just say what the weather was, he

told us why it was happening.
Bringing a level of accessibility and

authenticity like no other, Tom connected with viewers' hearts and

minds.
Tom's last day on the air brought a 70-degree day in February,

followed by rain and strong winds and a steep drop in temperatures.
Tom

speaks with tremendous knowledge and gravitas about climate change

science, and the dangers of not acting to protect our planet.
He has

travelled across the country, including to Washington, to talk about

``climate disruption,'' and led a special series on WGN called

Forecast--A Fragile Climate.
He speaks about climate change frequently.
I know first hand, since we participated together in a climate change

forum several years ago.
He has and earned honorary doctorates at universities and colleges,

but I'm sure none of those mean as much to Tom as the love and

admiration of the millions of viewers who have trusted him to tell them

about their weather and their environment for the last 45 years.
As his next chapter arrives Tom's lifetime love for weather persists.
We are grateful for Tom's dedication and contribution to this city, and

he will always be revered as Chicago's weatherman.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend

votes as I was accompanying President Joseph R. Biden, Jr., to my

district--the 34th Congressional District of Texas.
Due to my absence,

I was not present to vote on Roll Call No.
57, Roll Call No.
58, and

Roll Call No.
59.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
58.
I

stand firm against my stance on government shutdowns as they have

adverse impacts on every part of the country, national economy, and

national security.
Likewise, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
59.
It is crucial

that funding for the

Federal Aviation Administration does not lapse as it would have great

implications for our air travel, activities and programs related to

airport planning and development, facilities and equipment, and

operations.
Moreover, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
57.
Everyone

deserves a seat at the table and the establishment of the Office of

Native American Affairs within the Small Business Administration will

do just that by establishing substantial resources to support Native

American-owned businesses.