Moreover, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
57.
Everyone

deserves a seat at the table and the establishment of the Office of

Native American Affairs within the Small Business Administration will

do just that by establishing substantial resources to support Native

American-owned businesses.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
GLEN STEPHENS

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Glen Stephens

for his dedicated service to the Kern County community and to

congratulate him on his well-earned retirement from the Eastern Kern

Air Pollution Control District.
Mr. Glen Stephens' career in air

quality control and passion for public health began more than thirty

years ago when he became an Air Quality Engineer for the Eastern Kern

Air Pollution Control District.
In 1992, he joined the San Joaquin

Valley Air Pollution Control District and two years later, returned to

work for Eastern Kern County.
In 2012, Mr. Stephens was appointed to

serve as Air Pollution Control Officer by the Eastern Kern Air

Pollution Control District Board.
During his tenure as Air Pollution

Control Officer, Mr. Stephens has worked to expand the Tehachapi field

office to solve staff members and the District's Board of Directors,

deployed additional air monitors throughout Kern County to improve air

quality, and advocated for cost-of-living wage increases for his staff.
Mr. Stephens has also used his expertise to help numerous solar

projects navigate the rulemaking and permitting processes.
Throughout

his career, Mr. Stephens has been steadfast in his commitment to

promoting clean air for all residents of the community.
He has used his

decades of experience to support rural communities and work with local

stakeholders to address complex air quality issues and find common

sense solutions.
He has also strived to engage community members on the

importance of air quality and preserving the character of rural

communities across the Valley.
His dedication to his colleagues, his

work, and his community is a true testament to his character.
I know

that his service to our Central Valley community will have a lasting

impact for generations to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the

House of Representatives to join me in thanking Mr. Glen Stephens for

his decades of service to the Central Valley and wishing him a happy

and well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 63RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. PEACE CORPS

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate 63 years of the United

States Peace Corps' work in promoting world peace and friendship among

nations.
President John F. Kennedy established the Peace Corps as the

United States' first global volunteer initiative on March 1, 1961.
Since then, the Peace Corps has sent more than 241,000 Volunteers to

serve communities in 143 countries.
These committed Americans have

formed enduring bonds of friendship across cultures and championed the

best of our country's values abroad.
The founding Director of the Peace Corps, Sargent R. Shriver,

observed that ``Peace requires the simple but powerful recognition that

what we have in common as human beings is more important and crucial

than what divides us.''
Peace Corps Volunteers have performed immensely

valuable and meaningful work to advance the vision of person-to-person

peace-building by living and working in communities abroad.
Over the

past 63 years, Volunteers have learned the languages of their host

countries to advance development work in public health, education,

agriculture, youth organizing and community economics.
Today, the Peace

Corps' mission is in the capable hands of my constituent, Director

Carol Spahn, who is herself a former Volunteer.
This week, I am honored

to celebrate her work as my Eighth District Local Hero to showcase the

importance of her leadership of one of our country's most important

diplomatic and service programs.