Title: CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH IN MICHIGAN'S 11TH DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
38

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH IN MICHIGAN'S 11TH DISTRICT

HON.
HALEY M. STEVENS

Ms. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the wisdom of an

inspiring figure, Dr. Eddie Connor, as we conclude 2024 Black History

Month.
Dr. Connor delivered remarks in observance of Martin Luther King

Jr. Day in January, and his words inspire me as we continue the

important work to create a more equitable society.
It is an honor to learn from so many influential leaders about this

important history.
From the Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage in

Alabama to local leaders in Michigan's 11th District, I am moved by the

stories and insight that has been shared with me.
Dr. Connor is one of

those figures that I am proud to highlight.
He is a 16-time best-

selling author, international speaker, survivor of stage four cancer,

and founder of the mentoring program Boys 2 Books.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the tapestry of communities in

Oakland County that make up Michigan's 11th District.
It was a pleasure

to celebrate Black History Month with so many remarkable people, and it

is my honor to amplify the powerful remarks from Dr. Connor as we close

Black History Month 2024 and continue our work throughout the remainder

of the year.
(By Dr. Eddie Connor)

MLK Jr. Day Remarks

The question that we must ask ourselves today at the annual

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Celebration is ``What can

I do to make the world a better place? ''
Not just presently

but for future generations.
There indeed is a great work for

all of us to do.
We must labor and be faithful to be fruitful

in order to reap a plentiful harvest.
He expressed that life's most persistent and urgent

question must be.
``What are you doing for others? ''
Dr.

King's ultimate societal goal was the achievement of

structuring a nonviolent beloved community that would embrace

those of various ethnicities and backgrounds to all be seated

at the table of brotherhood.
Dr. King declared ``Poverty is the bride of crime.''
We

look at the disease of violence and mass incarceration but we

must unmask it to analyze societal symptoms.
The symptoms are

poverty, lack of education, dilapidation of communities,

unseemly blight, gentrification, and redlining are the

symptoms that create the disease and dis-ease that we see.
His decision to speak out against the tyranny of the

Vietnam War made him a marked man more than ever before.
Dr.

King spoke about the triple evils of racism, militarism, and

materialism seeking to redistribute the wealth in the Black

community through group economics.
When Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968 in Memphis,

Tennessee, his popularity was at its lowest and the threats

on his life were at its highest.
His name was ran through the

streets and now we name the streets after him.
Dr. King was not killed because he had a dream.
He was

killed because he spoke out about the nightmare in these yet

to be United States of America.
He became the moral

conscience of America.
He challenged our nation and even the

world in a greater context, to ``Learn to live together as

brothers or perish together as fools.''
He proclaimed ``The

true measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of

comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of

crisis, challenge, and controversy.''
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., challenged us despite race,

creed, or color to come together, stay together and work

together.
Simply because coming together is a beginning,

staying together is progress but working together is success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.