Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Brigadier General John ``Pogo'' Pogorek, who was Commander of the New Hampshire Air National Guard (NHANG).
On July 8, 2024, he was the victim of a tragic accident near his home in Rochester, New Hampshire.
General Pogorek was a beloved father, husband, son, and brother who dedicated his life to service in both the Air Force and NHANG.
Born in Ware, Massachusetts, General Pogorek received a Bachelor of Science in Human Factors Engineering from the United States Air Force Academy and was commissioned as an officer in 1989.
He Joined NHANG in January 1999, serving in numerous leadership roles, including commanding the 157th Maintenance, Operations, and Air Refueling Wing Groups.
General Pogorek was promoted to Commander of the NHANG in June 2022 and served as the principal advisor to the Governor of New Hampshire.
General Pogorek made a remarkable impact on New Hampshire and our country throughout his 35 years of service.
During his career he logged over 6,000 flight hours piloting T-1, C-130, KC-135, and KC-46 aircraft.
He also helped design the KC-46 tail art and helped to bring back military airshows to New Hampshire.
For his dedicated service, General Pogorek received accolades such as the Meritorious Service Medal with four oak leaf clusters, the Air Medal Aerial Achievement Medal with four oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal with oak leaf cluster, the AF Outstanding Unit Award, and several others.
He was dedicated to the health and safety of everyone that is currently serving at Pease, and those that served there in the past, along with their families.
General Pogorek was deeply devoted to his family, and in 2018, he and his beloved wife Whitney established Red Gate Farm.
The family farm quickly grew into a heritage breed meat business, where General Pogorek transitioned his service and dedication from country to community.
General Pogorek and his family developed relationships selling their meat to local farmers markets as he adapted to life as a farmer.
General Pogorek's family and friends describe him as a kind, humble, funny, and resilient man.
He had a passion for learning and inspired those around him, both within his career of service and outside of it.
Those who knew General Pogorek recognized his dedication to his country and family, and admired his loyalty, kindness, and leadership.
We are forever grateful for his selfless service and sacrifice.
During this difficult time, my thoughts and condolences are with his wife Whitney, his children, Megan, Jacob, Jenna, Jason, and Jackson, his mother Mary, his siblings, Karen, Donna, Kevin, and Sandra, and all Hampshire's First Congressional District, I commend General Pogorek for his exemplary service and sacrifice to our Nation.
His legacy will endure, and he will be dearly missed.