Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ken Hayward, a resident of Ann Arbor, Michigan, on the occasion of his induction into the Michigan Baseball Hall.
His contributions to Wolverine athletics and the state of Michigan are worthy of commendation.
Ken was born in 1963 to Bud and Pat Hayward as their only child.
A native of Waterford, Michigan, Ken's talent and passion on the baseball diamond was evident from an early age.
After a tremendous high school career, he received a scholarship to play baseball at the University of Michigan.
A four-time letterman, Ken was also a four-time First Team All-Big Ten honoree.
His time on the team saw the Wolverines win two Big Ten Conference Titles, two NCAA Regional Championships, and multiple trips to the College World Series.
He still holds Michigan career records for batting average, RBIs, and games played.
Going the extra mile for his team, Ken also pitched for his last two seasons, going 12-2 and recording 7 saves.
In 1985, as a senior and team captain, Ken batted 432 with 13 home runs and 64 RBIs in 65 games.
His achievements earned him a Big Ten Medal of Honor and the 1985 Michigan Athlete of the Year award.
Shortly after he graduated from the University of Michigan, Ken embarked on a long and successful career in the hospitality industry.
Starting in 1985 as a sales representative, by 2010 he was the Executive VP and Managing Director of Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island, consistently ranked as one of the world's top hotels.
Ken was appointed to the Michigan Travel Commission by Gov. Jennifer Granholm in 2005 and then reappointed in 2008.
Ken served as the commission's chairman from 2008 to 2010.
During his tenure as chairman, Travel Michigan secured funding to develop the Pure Michigan advertising campaign, which continues today as a national brand and marketing effort for Michigan travel and tourism.
Since 2021, Ken has been a VP at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, directing their social mission and community affairs.