Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law enforcement men and women who have provided distinguished service to the people of Florida's 16th Congressional District.
Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice, courage, and dedication to serve others.
Every day, brave men and women put themselves in harm's way to enforce the laws of our society and protect public safety.
They deserve our gratitude and respect.
Fourteen years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Law Enforcement Awards to give special recognition to law enforcement officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement.
This year, I will present Congressional law enforcement awards to the following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current and retired law enforcement personnel representing a cross-section of the district's law enforcement community: Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award: Lieutenant Nicholas Pruitt, Deputy Michael Ates, Deputy Althavia Brown, Deputy James Forkin, Deputy Christopher Houghton, and Detective Dwight Roberts of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Dedication and Professionalism Award: Officer Andrew Adkins of the Holmes Beach Police Department, Officer Kevin Williams of the Bradenton Police Department, Trooper Taylor Ledford of the Florida Highway Patrol, Corporal Benjamin Schlabach of the Palmetto Police Department, Detective Matthew Hostetler, Detective Steven Luke, and Detective Carmine Luper of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Gary Tibbetts Career Service Award: Major Todd Shear of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office, Captain (retired)
William Knight and Detective Jeff Beckley of the Bradenton Police Department, and Special Agent (retired) Stephen Lieberman of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.
Preservation of Life Award: Sergeant Russell Ackerman of the Bradenton Police Department, Officer Specialist Kelsey Dalton of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, Lieutenant Richard Rietz, Sergeant Randy Lamb, Sergeant Laszlo Nagy, Detective Eric Davis, Deputy Jake Essek, Deputy Joshua Groover, Deputy Brian Hart, Deputy Stanley Hartley, Deputy Brandon Howard, Deputy Lauren Jalowiec, Deputy Alexis Lyon, Deputy Robert Macchio, Deputy Paul McCartney, Deputy Humberto Noronha, Deputy Gregory Palso, Deputy Deborah Perry, Deputy Carrie Renninger, Deputy Patti Savageau, Deputy Hurly Smith, and Deputy Arturo Velasquez of the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
Unit Citation Award: Bradenton Police Department Narcotics Unit: Detective Eleazar Garcia and Detective Brandon Kells; Florida Highway Patrol Troop C Criminal Interdiction Unit: Sergeant Joshua Malloy, Trooper Jeremy Fields, Trooper Wesley Kelly, Trooper Deryck Lewis, Trooper Chris Nottingham, Trooper Sergio Pearce, Trooper Eric Schaub, K-9 Flip, K-9 Titan, and K-9 Lobo; Manatee County Sheriff's Office Fraud/Auto/Pawn Unit: Sergeant Jason Farrier, Detective Anthony Begley, Detective Joshua Breitwieser, Detective Gary Cummings III, Detective Samuel Ebeling, Detective Rachael Fossaceca, Detective Daniel Reyna, Detective Antonio Starnes, and Detective Randall Walker.