Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Dina Bennett, Director and visionary of the American Jazz Museum (AJM), as she bids farewell to the iconic institution and transitions to new professional ambitions.
Dr. Bennett's dedication to sustaining, cultivating, and celebrating music has echoed throughout her life.
Growing up in a music family, music was always around her; her father was in a band with her uncle, and as a young girl she attended the Fun Factory of the Arts, a program that aimed to nurture the talents of children with an interest in music.
The camp not only gave her a space to begin exploring the artistry of music, but it recognized a capacity within her that was needed to sing.
As a result, she was offered a scholarship for piano lessons, which gave her a consistent and formal setting to refine her skills.
In addition to her love for music, service was an equal part of her life, starting with sharing her newfound expertise in piano.
She went on to become a Minister of Music at her Baptist church, playing for Sunday school, for the choir, and for her dad before sermon.
Once Dr. Bennett hit thirty, her childhood passion began to beat louder, and she decided it could no longer be a side-gig, music and the arts would be her contribution to the world.
This led her to pursue her PhD in Folklore and Ethnomusicology, with a minor in African American and African Diaspora Studies at Indiana University.
Dr. Bennett chose to study jazz; her fieldwork and dissertation took her, not to the birthplace of jazz, but to where it was raised: Kansas City.
She did her anthropological work in the 18th and Vine District, and it is beyond fitting that her career in museum curation led her back to our beloved Jazz District, starting as Deputy Director of AJM and leaving as Director.
AJM is a cultural touchstone of Kansas City and a beacon of the Black community, history and legacy.
As Dr. Bennett says, ``In African American music, music is part of everything from birth to the grave.''
The strength of jazz is in its variability, in riffs and chord changes that demand improvisation and invention.
Its melodies can serve as an anthem of joy, a requiem of pain, and a force of creativity and evolution.
AJM appreciates and preserves jazz as an art form, with all its whims and caprices.
The museum showcases legendary musicians; Charlie Parker, Ella Fitzgerald, and countless others who have played a pivotal part in composing the symphony ofAmerican jazz.
Beyond recounting the rich history of jazz in the United States, AJM carries the art form into the modern era by offering jazz instruction to middle and high school students and orchestrating The Blue Room, a jazz club that hosts professional artists and community jam sessions.
These contributions could not come to fruition without an outstanding conductor ensuring all the pieces move together in harmony.
That is where Dr. Dina Bennett has so spectacularly shined.
As an employee of AJM for nearly five years and now its Director, Dr. Bennett, has orchestrated the success of many remarkable exhibits at the museum.
To mark their 25th anniversary, the museum created a timeline of jazz that allowed visitors to engage and share their own memories and moments in history, creating a community record of jazz in Kansas City.
Dr Bennett also worked on an exhibit that partnered with Disney to examine the significance of the movie Soul and incorporated an interactive piano for guests to play themselves.
In these examples and many more, the skill and influence.
Bennett resound.
She has been instrumental in maintaining and refining our beloved American Jazz Museum that Kansas City enjoys today.
Dr. Bennett has set AJM on a new course, one that will strum new engagement with jazz and its cultural wellspring, while supporting the never-ending transformation of the art form in Kansas City and beyond.
The time, effort, and sacrifice that Dr. Bennett has invested in the museum will not be forgotten and her impact will continue to ring through AJM and our 18th and Vine District for many years to come.
With a surplus of gratitude, we thank her and watch with anticipation as she continues to be a formative voice in the legacy of jazz and Black music.