Mr. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate R.A.I.N. (Regional Aid for Interim Needs) on providing incredible service to the Bronx, and New York City, for 60 years.
R.A.I.N. started from humble beginnings as a home attendant service for elderly individuals who were being discharged from hospitals, who also lacked proper home care.
Since then, it has expanded into a multi-service agency providing many crucial services to those in need throughout the Bronx and Manhattan including senior centers, home delivered meals, case worker visits among other irreplaceable activities.
They have also partnered with the Bob and Dolores Hope foundation to foster Cucina Dolores, a community based mobile meals program for homeless and hungry persons in the South Bronx.
As we celebrate this momentous occasion, we also remember and pay homage to the life of Beatrice Castiglia-Catullo, affectionately known as Bea.
Beatrice, who passed away in 2018, was the esteemed founder R.A.I.N. A nurse by training, she worked tirelessly for her patients and later on for those who benefited from R.A.I.N.'s services.
R.A.I.N. would not have reached this milestone without the decade's long dedication and commitment from Beatrice and the rest of their outstanding team.
In recent years R.A.I.N. has provided additional valuable programs and resources in the Bronx community.
They have begun providing services to Alzheimer caregivers acknowledging the significant toll that the horrific disease has not only on those suffering from it but also those caring foi them as well.
R.A.I.N. sponsors two housing facilities in the district where our seniors live comfortably and affordably.
Finally, R.A.I.N. runs 17 centers across the borough where their critical work takes place.
Thank you to President and CEO Dr. Anderson Torres for continuing Beatrice's essential work in our community.
Congratulations to every member of R.A.I.N. and thank you to them for their service.
I look forward to another 60 years of R.A.I.N.'s community service.