Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the 160th anniversary of Calvary Episcopal Church in Americus, Georgia.
Established in 1864 during the Civil War, this historic church has been a cornerstone of faith and community in Southwest Georgia.
The congregation celebrated this momentous occasion on Wednesday, August 28, 2024, in Americus.
The history of the Episcopal Church in Americus began in 1858, with the first service officiated by Bishop Stephen Elliott.
Despite the bloody and bitter challenges of the Civil War, the parish was reestablished in 1864 as Calvary Episcopal Church, symbolizing hope and resilience during a time of great turmoil.
Rising from the ashes of hate and division--not succumbing to fear, anger, and distrust--is not only part of the legacy of Calvary Episcopal Church, but a hallmark of faith and service to the Lord.
Overcoming hardship makes the faithful stronger, equipping one with the full armor.
Reverend James Bolan Lawrence, who served as rector from 1905 to 1947, played a pivotal role in the church's development and in the spread of the Episcopal faith throughout the region.
Reverend Lawrence founded several churches across Southwest Georgia and was recognized as a saint by the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia in 1999 for his extraordinary contributions.
Reverend Lawrence spearheaded the construction of the present church and had a significant impact on the church members he served and the community at-large.
He dedicated his life to those in need: the sick, the poor, the young, and the elderly.
Reverend Lawrence's impact cannot be understated and his work in service of others left a lasting mark.
Over the years, Calvary Episcopal Church has undergone numerous restorations and expansions, including the construction of a parish hall and other facilities that have supported its mission.
The current church building, completed in 1921, was designed by the renowned Gothic architect Ralph Adams Cram and stands as a testament to the strength of faith and service of the Calvary Episcopal Church congregation.
Today, the church continues to be a beacon of faith and service in the community.
Calvary Episcopal Church is and will remain a model of inclusion and benevolence.
Calvary Episcopal Church endures today because the mission of the church shall never die.
Faith, service, duty, and humility continue to shape the congregation.
Romans 12:1 tells us, ``I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.''
The Lord calls upon his people to live their service to him.
In doing so, the faithful heal the sick, clothe and provide safe harbor for the poor, and ensure hope need not be a luxury for those who have much at the expense of those who have little.