Rev. Byron Elliott Woods,

Christopher Wyatt Woods, Minister Joyce Elaine Woods Lewis (Dr.

Tommie), Minister Angela Gay Woods McClure (Dr. Micheal), Dr. Timothy

Justice Woods, Sr.,
and Dr. Quintin Prescott Woods, Sr. (
Tramella); his

thirty-seven grandchildren, his sixty-eight great-grandchildren, his

eleven great great-grandchildren; his two daughter-in laws, his two

son-in laws, his thirty-three nieces and nephews, his sixty-one great

nieces and nephews, and a host other ministers of the gospel, cousins,

family, and dear friends.
On a personal note, the contributions that Bishop Woods made to

ensure the equal rights of all Americans during the Civil Rights

Movement were truly exemplary.
I know that I get to represent my home

district as Alabama's first Black Congresswoman because of his

courageous efforts.
To call him an icon of the Movement is an

understatement.
His unwavering commitment to improving the lives of

black Alabamians had a profound effect on our community and will

continue to be felt for generations to come.
His life stands as a

testament to the power of ordinary Americans to achieve extraordinary

social change.
His legacy will live on with every vote cast and in the

many lives he impacted.
May he rest in peace and power.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy

of Bishop Calvin W. Woods, Sr.
for his contributions to generations of

civil rights leaders and decades of exemplary service to our Nation in

our fight for liberty, equality, and justice for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF HARRIETT BURT

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of

Harriett Burt.
Harriett was born in Alameda, California in 1940.
Throughout her

life, Harriett demonstrated her compassion and dedication to service.
She followed in her parents' footsteps, becoming a teacher and

educator.
She moved to Martinez, California shortly after college to

teach at Martinez Junior High and later taught in Australia before

stepping into administrative and consulting roles in the education

field.
Her work took her throughout the United States and Canada.
Additionally, Harriett was deeply passionate about serving her

community.
She was a journalist for the Martinez News-Gazette and

served on the Martinez City Council, the city's planning commission,

and the California Public Utilities Commission.
She was an active member of our community, a part of the Boys and

Girls Club, the Soroptimist Club, the Martinez Education Association,

Kiwanis, the Lyons Club, the American Association of University Women

(AAUW), and more.
Additionally, she was the first woman to serve as

board president for the Boys and Girls Clubs of Contra Costa.
Harriett's leadership in the community has had a profound impact on

countless lives and has paved the way for future generations.
Sadly, Harriett recently passed away at the age of 85.
She will be

remembered for her indelible impact in Martinez and beyond and for her

intellect, warmth, and kindness.
Please join me in recognizing Harriett

Burt for her many contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF TOM TORLAKSON

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

distinguished career of Tom Torlakson, a dedicated public servant and

steadfast advocate for California's students, families and educators.
Tom's career in service began in the classroom.
As a high school

science teacher and coach in the Mount Diablo Unified School District,

he saw firsthand the transformative power of education.
His early

experience in education shaped a lifelong commitment to ensuring that

every child could learn, grow, and succeed, regardless of their

background or zip code.
Recognizing the broader systemic challenges facing education, Mr.

Torlakson entered public office to expand his impact.