Her involvement

in various initiatives showcases her unwavering dedication to improving

the lives of others.
Mrs. Booker's service extends far beyond her church.
She has been a

consistent advocate for children's welfare and has worked relentlessly

to provide opportunities for underserved populations.
Her tireless

efforts reflect her core belief that every child deserves access to

quality education and a supportive community.
Mrs. Booker has been

involved with many social and civic organizations recognizing her

enduring legacy to her community to include Partners in Education

Coordinator, Department of Family and Children Services, Columbus

Community Center, Student Assistant Professional Association, Rape

Crisis Center, Women Wanting Justice, Family Center, Jack and Jill of

America, Inc. (Local Charter Member), Jack and Jill of America

Foundation, Columbus Chamber of Commerce Ambassadors, Historical

Columbus Foundation Scholarship, Girl Scouts, Girls, Inc., Columbus

State University Teen Achievers, Orchettes Civic and Social Club,

Matron Bridge Club (President), Starlight Bridge Club (Secretary),

Girlfriends Bridge Club (President), Magnificent Bridge Club, and

Network, Inc.

Moreover, her contributions to organizations such as Alpha Kappa

Alpha Sorority, Inc., Gamma Tau Omega Chapter, where she is a Golden

Soror and Pearl Member and SISTERS, Inc. highlight her commitment to

enriching the lives of those around her.
Mrs. Booker's passion for

service is infectious as she inspires others to get involved and make a

difference.
Juanita Carson Booker is not only a devoted mother and grandmother,

but also a cherished friend and mentor to many.
Her kindness, grace,

and integrity serve as a model for us all and remind us of the profound

impact one individual can have on the community.
On a personal note, it has been an honor to know Mrs. Booker for

almost five decades.
I will always cherish her friendship as well as

her sage counsel and advice that have been invaluable to me as I have

served in Congress.
Accordingly, the impact of her life is inspiring

and exemplifies the kind of love and devotion to others for which we

should all aspire.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along

with the more than 765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional

District in honoring the life and service of Mrs. Juanita Carson Booker

on the occasion of her 95th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE 120TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEAD JOHNSON NUTRITION

HON.
MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mead Johnson, a

global leader in science-backed pediatric nutrition, as they celebrate

120 years of leadership and innovation in the field.
Mead Johnson's

flagship manufacturing and R&D center was created in Evansville over

100 years ago and still stands as one of the largest manufacturing

facilities for infant formulas.
The Mead Johnson story began with the founder, Edward Mead Johnson

and his son, who was born with a condition that made it difficult for

him to digest his feedings.
He worked with Dr. Abraham Jacobi, known as

the father of American pediatrics, to create the first scientifically-

based infant formula that saved his son's life.
Since then, Mead

Johnson has become a world leader with a mission to nourish the world's

children for the best start in life.
Mead's dextri-maltose was the

first clinically supported infant feed product in the U.S. Today, the

Enfamil family of formulas developed in Evansville support infant

nutrition across the globe, and Enfamil is the top infant formula brand

recommended by pediatricians in the U.S.

Mead Johnson has hired thousands of people in and around Evansville

throughout their history and currently employs nearly 800 employees

working across 25 departments.
Nearly 20 percent of their employees

have been with the company for 15 or more years, showing how much

people value being a part of the Mead Johnson mission.
Mead's R&D

strength comes from a deep bench of diverse experts working across

disciplines to advance infant nutrition.