From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIBERTY CORNER FIRE COMPANY'S 115TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Liberty Corner

Fire Company, an essential part of Bernards Township, Somerset County,

for its steadfast and selfless service to our community for 115 years.
Since 1910, the Liberty Corner Fire Company's enduring strength has

been built not only on the courage of its members but also on the

support of the community it serves.
Comprised of more than 65

volunteers, the Liberty Corner Fire Company is responsible for

providing fire and rescue service 24 hours a day, 365 days a year to

the Liberty Corner section of Bernards Township.
Through community

fundraising events and donations, residents ensure that these

volunteers have the equipment, training, and protective gear needed to

continue their mission safely and effectively.
Generations of families

in Bernards Township have worn the uniform of Liberty Corner Fire

Company, making it both a proud tradition and a vital lifeline.
Mr. Speaker, as Bernards Township hosts its upcoming First Responders

Appreciation Night, I am especially proud to commend Liberty Corner

Fire Company for its unwavering commitment and remarkable legacy of

more than a century of service to our community.
I invite my colleagues

to join me in honoring these extraordinary volunteers, whose dedication

to protecting our neighbors is a shining example of community spirit

and sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MRS.
JUANITA CARSON BOOKER

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving mother,

dedicated grandmother, trailblazing leader, dedicated community servant

and faithful woman of God, Mrs. Juanita Carson Booker.
Mrs. Booker

celebrated her 95th Birthday with her family, friends, and community

leaders at a celebration on August 21, 2025, at the Green Island

Country Club in Columbus, Georgia.
The Genesis of the Life of Juanita Booker began with her birth in

Reynolds, Georgia to the union of Thomas Carson and Mildred Dent Carson

Perry.
She was primarily raised by her grandmother, Mrs. Leather Dent

who instilled in her a love of serving others and an unwavering faith

in our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Instilled with a love of learning, Mrs. Booker graduated from Albany

State College with a Bachelor of Science Degree, a Master of Science

Degree in Counseling and Guidance from Fort Valley State College, and a

Specialist Degree in Education and Counseling and Guidance from Auburn

University.
Armed with the knowledge and skill, Mrs. Booker turned that gift into

a 46-year career in Education that touched the lives of thousands of

young people.
Her career encompassed 12 years as a classroom teacher, 7

years as Director of Guidance at Talbotton Road Junior High School, 7

Years as Director of Guidance at Daniel Junior High School, and 20

Years as the first Coordinator of Guidance Services for the Muscogee

County School District.
Because of her trailblazing effort, the

Muscogee County School Board voted to name the counseling and social

work department after her.
A ceremony to commemorate this occasion was

held on August 21, 2025, at the school board's administrative offices.
For over 70 years, Mrs. Juanita Booker has devoted her life to

uplifting others, especially children, through her work as an educator

and community leader.
She has exemplified the values of compassion,

perseverance, and faith--qualities that have earned her deep respect

and admiration from those who know her.
As a faithful 73-year member of First African Baptist Church, Mrs.

Booker has held numerous leadership positions, including Deaconess,

Trustee, and Finance Committee Member, where she has demonstrated her

commitment to spiritual growth and community service.
Her involvement

in various initiatives showcases her unwavering dedication to improving

the lives of others.
Mrs. Booker's service extends far beyond her church.
She has been a

consistent advocate for children's welfare and has worked relentlessly

to provide opportunities for underserved populations.