Title: CELEBRATING OUR 2025 SUMMER INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
141

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OUR 2025 SUMMER INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO

CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and celebrate the

exceptional interns who have devoted their summer to serving the people

of California's 20th Congressional District.
From my offices in

Washington, D.C., and Bakersfield, California these students have

exhibited maturity well beyond their years, offering their time,

talents, and energy to support my work in meaningful ways.
Their

contributions have been a powerful reminder of the potential and

promise embodied by the next generation.
At a time when many young

Americans are contemplating their role in civic life, these interns

chose to engage directly with purpose and passion.
As all the summer Congressional internships come to a close, I want

to express my deepest gratitude to Nikhil Bawa for his contributions to

my Washington, D.C. office.
His hard work has been instrumental to my

team's efforts, and I am confident that the experiences and lessons he

has gained will guide him toward continued success in his future

endeavors in public service.
I look forward to seeing where his path

leads, and I hope that path includes a continued dedication to serving

others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARROLL LEE ASHBURN

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carroll Lee

Ashburn for his community service and civic leadership to the Northern

Neck.
The influence Carroll has shown on his community over the years

has cemented his legacy as a legendary softball coach, manager, sports

broadcaster, and local historian.
Carroll Ashburn served his country in the United States Coast Guard,

was a softball coach of the legendary Texaco's Fast Ball Pitch Softball

team, managed the girls fast pitch softball team, and started the

Girl's Little League Softball program in Kilmarnock at Lancaster's

Youth Park.
Mr. Ashburn later became a broadcaster for High School

Radio Sports on WKWI Radio, now Bay FM 101.7, where he served as the

voice of high school basketball in the Northern Neck for over 25 years.
In 2007, Carroll Ashburn became the President of the Kilmarnock

Museum, a position he still holds.
Carroll has promoted and help

produce several documentaries highlighting the history of the Northern

Neck, including Kilmarnock, Virginia Living History; The Pirates of the

Chesapeake Bay; Historic Churches of Virginia's Northern Neck; Rear

Admiral Bert Chase--A Dream of Flight, and A Fish Story.
Mr. Ashburn, a

born-and-raised Northern Necker, brings a wealth of knowledge about the

valuable history of the region.
If one wants to know how the Chesapeake

Bay built the Northern Neck or how the Northern Neck built the

Chesapeake Bay, go no further than Carroll Lee Ashburn.
Today at 93, Carroll remains busy by hosting trips to Tangier Island

from Hummell Field in Topping with his favorite pilot, Davy Nichols, in

a 1970 Cessna.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Carroll Lee

Ashburn for his extraordinary contributions to the Northern Neck

Community and in expressing our deepest appreciation for his lasting

impact on our unique community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KATE LOUISE PATE-WALKER

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true American hero

from Southeast Texas--PFC Kate Louise Pate-Walker.
Kate was part of the legendary Six Triple Eight, the 6888th Central

Postal Directory Battalion.
It was the only all-Black, all-female unit

deployed overseas during World War II.
Their mission was clear: sort

and deliver a massive backlog of mail to nearly seven million U.S.

troops.
Morale depended on it.
They were given six months.
They did it in three.