The English philosopher Francis Bacon (1561-1626)

said truth is the child of time, meaning that it emerges and

is revealed through the passage of time, not through

someone's immediate authority or declaration.
When we hear things privately or in the public arena, if

the truth of them is not discernible we may be confident that

time will show the truth.
The political writers' adage is

that nothing anyone says during a campaign may be true, but

during the course of it the truth will become clear and the

voters will know whom to vote for from the total body of the

dialogue.
German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) said

lying steals one's dignity and we know from Scripture that

God wants us to maintain our dignity as Christians by

avoiding such things.
Stone-Campbell Church Movement leader Alexander Campbell

(1788-1866) advocated for a rational and deliberative

understanding of Christianity, firmly rooted in the New

Testament.
He opposed both speculative theology and emotional

revivalism, emphasizing a return to the Bible as the primary

source of truth.
Campbell advocated for a focus on biblical

text and avoided theological systems that relied on

philosophical or speculative reasoning.
Truth derives from the wisdom developed through the fear of

the Lord and wisdom and truth are indispensable in our

pursuit of virtue.
How may we obtain these treasures of the

Holy Spirit?
Of course, through prayer, reading Scripture,

attending church and fellowshipping with other Christians.
Pray and ask God for the wisdom to discern truth and

succeed in our ever-advancing pursuit of higher and higher

virtue.
Ask to be empowered to bear well the responsibility

of being a link in the multi-generational sustenance and

progress of good character in your family.
Ask for a complete

God-given understanding of the nature and importance of truth

and thereby avoid the errors that can set back or thwart your

spiritual goals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW I,

ARCHBISHOP OF CONSTANTINOPLE-NEW ROME

HON.
ROBIN L. KELLY

Ms. KELLY of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following proclamation recognizing Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I,

Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome.
Whereas, on September 15, we will welcome His All-Holiness

Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, Archbishop of

Constantinople-New Rome to Washington, D.C., to receive the

Templeton Prize, the world's most prestigious award in

Religion and Science;

Whereas, His All-Holiness is the spiritual leader and

Primus inter pares (``Fast among Equals'') of Orthodox

Christianity worldwide--a Church of 30 million individuals--

and is the longest-serving Archbishop of Constantinople;

Whereas, in 1997, His All-Holiness was awarded the

Congressional Gold Medal and declared that pollution,

deforestation, and climate change, among other acts harmful

to the environment, should be considered ``ecological sin''

and moral failings, as opposed to merely practical missteps;

Whereas, he has worked to guide the Orthodox Christian

Church in an environmentally conscious and Godly way, helping

to develop a strong community of faith, and has presided over

events including the 150th anniversary of the Theological

School of Halki and the 500th anniversary of the Greek

Orthodox Community in Venice, among others;

Whereas, he has visited the United States during the

Clinton (1997), Bush (2004), Obama (2009) and Biden (2021)

administrations;

Whereas, His All-Holiness was elected in October 1991 as

the 270th Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome and

Ecumenical Patriarch, and has served for nearly 34 years;

Whereas, His All-Holiness has authored four books in

English and has been invited to speak before the United

Nations, the European Union, UNESCO, and the World Economic

Forum; and

Now, therefore be it resolved, that I Robin L. Kelly,

serving as a member of the House of Representatives,

recognize and honor the remarkable work and accomplishments

of His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I,

Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIBERTY CORNER FIRE COMPANY'S 115TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.