TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life

and legacy of a Civil Rights icon and community leader, Bishop Calvin

W. Woods, Sr.,
who passed away on August 16, 2025, at the age of 91.
A native of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, Bishop Woods was

born on September 13, 1933, in Birmingham, Alabama, to the late Maggie

Rosa Lee Wallace Woods and Abraham Lincoln Woods, Sr.
Bishop Woods received his Bachelor of Arts from Miles College before

continuing his education at Birmingham Baptist College.
He went on to

complete multiple degrees at the Universal Bible Institute, Union

Baptist Seminary, and the School of Truth.
Woods is also a graduate of

the Urban Training Center for Christian Missions and obtained a

certificate for police communications from Samford University.
In 1956, Bishop Woods joined his brother Reverend Abraham L. Woods,

Jr., and Reverend Fred L. Shuttlesworth to co-found the Alabama

Christian Movement for Human Rights (ACMHR).
Through this work, Bishop

Woods began the journey of what would become six decades of courageous

leadership throughout the Civil Rights Movement.
Working closely with

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and supporting the work of Reverend Fred L.

Shuttlesworth, Bishop Woods challenged segregation directly,

participating in numerous demonstrations, including the Birmingham

Campaign and the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in 1963.
Though his participation in the Movement resulted in him being beaten,

arrested, and fired from his job, he continued to fight for justice and

equality for all.
He planned strategies for public protests following

the shooting of five African Americans who had been protesting at a

supermarket during the 1960s and filed a lawsuit on behalf of the youth

suspended from school during the demonstration to ensure that they

could be reinstated.
As a result of his tenacity and dedication, Bishop Woods was

appointed by Dr. King as the SCLC City Convener for the Birmingham

Ministers Leadership Conference.
In this position, Bishop Woods was

responsible for educating ministers concerning Black History,

picketing, housing, direct non-violent protesting, voter registration,

and negotiations to ensure that they were fully equipped to continue

leading their congregations throughout the Movement.
In addition to his work as a Civil Rights leader, Bishop Woods played

a vital role in the Birmingham community through his various community

affiliations and as the pastor of Shiloh Baptist Church in Birmingham,

Alabama, where he led the congregation for more than three decades.
Throughout his life, Bishop Woods served in many leadership capacities,

including as the Discipline & Administration and Evening Supervisor for

Community Ed School at Parker High School, a board member of the

Birmingham Civil Rights Institute, the President of the New Era Baptist

State Convention of AL, the Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of

Birmingham Easonian Baptist Bible College, and a member of the National

Baptist Convention, USA Inc. Board of Directors.
Mr. Woods is preceded in death by his beloved wife, Lucille Grayson

Woods; his parents, Rev. Abraham Lincoln Woods, Sr.
and Maggie Woods;

his brothers, Rev. Abraham Lincoln Woods, Jr., Dr. Roy Woods, Sr.,
Franklin Delorna Woods, and Dr. Dwight Edward Woods; his sisters, Mary

Ruby Woods Hutchinson, Melzer Woods Luke, and Lois Woods, his

daughters, Linda Cal Woods Holt, and Shelia Vanessa Woods Minter; his

son, Dr. Freedom Progress Woods, Sr.,
and his granddaughter, Tamecia

LaShun Woods.
He is survived by his children, Jeanette Marie Woods

Smith, Judy Kay Woods, Dr. Calvin Wallace Woods, Jr., (Minister

Constance), Carlton Wayne Woods, Sr.,
Rev. Byron Elliott Woods,

Christopher Wyatt Woods, Minister Joyce Elaine Woods Lewis (Dr.

Tommie), Minister Angela Gay Woods McClure (Dr. Micheal), Dr. Timothy

Justice Woods, Sr.,
and Dr. Quintin Prescott Woods, Sr. (
Tramella); his

thirty-seven grandchildren, his sixty-eight great-grandchildren, his

eleven great great-grandchildren; his two daughter-in laws, his two

son-in laws, his thirty-three nieces and nephews, his sixty-one great

nieces and nephews, and a host other ministers of the gospel, cousins,

family, and dear friends.