AUGUST PFLUGER

Mr. PFLUGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record an

opinion column from the Odessa American titled ``Campbell: The Nature

of Truth,'' published May 1, 2025.
In it, the author reflects on how

society grapples with competing claims of truth and encourages readers

to return to foundational and verifiable sources--a theme with deep

implications for both our civic culture and the way we approach

legislation.
I believe this thoughtful reflection is a meaningful reminder of the

importance of clarity, honesty, and shared understanding in democratic

discourse.
[From the Odessa American]

Campbell: The Nature of Truth

Truth is ephemeral in the temporal world.
It seems that

everyone has his or her own version and whether or not they

actually know the truth is open to interpretation and subject

to one's own preference or prejudice.
It's a key concept in

my business, journalism, where truth is the lynchpin.
We are

bound to be truthful to the best of our ability and we are

prohibited from writing anything that we know to be false.
We

can be fired for doing it.
That's the difference between the Odessa American and

publications like the National Enquirer, which publish

nothing but stories that they know to be untrue.
That's not

to say we never publish falsehoods, but we don't do it

deliberately.
It's that we have good reasons like credible

sources and reliable references to believe that what we write

is true.
In the case of political candidates, if we had to believe

everything they say we would never write anything about them.
We're not saying that what they say is true.
We're saying

it's true that that is what they said.
We attribute

accurately and leave it to the readers to ascribe credibility

or not.
There has never been a newspaper or a book written that had

nothing false in it.
Only one book is 100 percent true: the

Bible.
God cannot lie and we may be certain that every word

of the Bible is true.
Depending on the translation, Jesus 75-80 times in the

Gospels uses the phrase ``I tell you the truth'' or

variations of it and in John 14:5 he is even more specific

when he says, ``I am the way, the truth and the life.''
So he

was not just telling the truth, he was and is the truth.
He

embodies it.
I think Jesus emphasized the truth and the fact

that he was always telling it because he understood the

inherent deceitfulness of the world.
He was saying, if you

want the pure truth, look to me.
At the end of Revelation we see the importance of this

issue when it says that everyone who loves and practices

falsehood is classified with the sexually immoral, murderers

and idolators as being among those who will be damned.
Of

course some people occasionally tell white lies in deference

to the feelings of those they love, but then people who are

always strictly truthful are often respected for it and their

candor is accepted in deference to the values they espouse.
Truth derives from wisdom and like wisdom it is more

valuable than much pure gold and sweeter than honey from the

honeycomb.
The English philosopher Francis Bacon (1561-1626)

said truth is the child of time, meaning that it emerges and

is revealed through the passage of time, not through

someone's immediate authority or declaration.
When we hear things privately or in the public arena, if

the truth of them is not discernible we may be confident that

time will show the truth.
The political writers' adage is

that nothing anyone says during a campaign may be true, but

during the course of it the truth will become clear and the

voters will know whom to vote for from the total body of the

dialogue.