Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Karen Chapman, my District Chief of Staff and leader of my exceptional District office team upon her retirement from the federal government.
Karen grew up in San Mateo County and attended local schools.
A graduate of Castilleja in Palo Alto, she went on to receive her BA in history with a focus on comparative political systems from the University of Colorado in Boulder.
For her senior thesis she conducted research at the University of Kent in Canterbury in conjunction with Cornell University, with the focus of her studies centered on political propaganda.
While working on various political campaigns, including my first congressional campaign and later, former Governor Jerry Brown's campaign for State Party Chair, Karen also participated in the Practical Politics Master's Program at San Francisco State University.
During my service on the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors, Karen served as my Executive Assistant and Legislative Aide.
At the each Supervisor had only two staff members, demanding that Karen had to do essentially everything.
She also managed my schedule, planned events, staffed commission meetings and conducted casework and field work.
When I was elected to Congress in l992, Karen joined me in Washington, D.C. as a senior staffer and helped set up the best office on the Hill.
She returned to Palo Alto two years later to be my District Director.
Karen brought her superb leadership and diplomatic skills to the District Office operations and established the best Congressional constituent services operation in the Nation, an organization known for getting things done right, solving difficult problems and treating each constituent with dignity, respect and kindness.
My District operation includes Co-Deputy Chiefs of Staff Anne Ream and Patty Kim, Senior Field Representatives Nicholas Hargis and Justin Jeong; and Communications Director Katrina Rill, all of whom are seasoned, engaged and highly professional.
There are many examples of Karen's drive and dedication throughout the years.
When the CZU fire devastated parts of my District in Santa Cruz County, Karen led her colleagues in the field, working alongside FEMA and our other partners in government.
They worked nights and weekends along with tremendous help from Brian Perkins of Congresswoman Speier's office, staying in the field during the pandemic until all constituents had opened cases with FEMA and received local, state and federal help.
Karen builds bridges between people, organizations and agencies, bringing everyone together to find solutions that are practical and that reflect my values.
My Congressional District includes four federal facilities which require consistent support.
Karen carried out this support in this ongoing work including advocating for USGS and NASA Ames when each was threatened with significant cuts by various Administrations.
Karen staffed me, together with her D.C. counterparts on the fight to preserve the iconic Hangar One and retain the 129th Rescue Wings both located at Moffett Federal Airfield.
Karen has been highly involved in several key projects, including the soon to open National Monument, Cotoni-Coast Dairies near Davenport in Santa Cruz County.
She also worked with her D.C. counterparts to staff me for decades of work in the District to electrify Caltrain.
This game changing project was completed this year for the Bay Area and will reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 176,000 metric tons annually.
In true Silicon Valley spirit, our District Office operation has always had an innovative approach toward representing over 740,000 people.
We were the first District Office to conduct casework using digital signatures as a result of my legislation establishing their legality.
This legislation allowed us to conduct casework via the Internet, reducing processing times and promoting greater efficiency, and saving significant tax dollars.
We were the first Congressional Office in the Nation to become a `Green Congressional Office' having worked with property owner Premier Properties.
The Eshoo office invested in renewal energy resources, with 100 percent of the energy used by the Eshoo office derived from renewable resources and the office exceeding established green standards.
Our office was the first where the Member of Congress established a Congressional Student Advisory Board (SAB) for high school students, giving voice to students about the legislative process.
Karen and my team made sure the SAB was robust and every year graduated more than 100 students, while providing resources and information to ensure their success.
Each year SAB became more professional and the staff time devoted to it was a significant and worthwhile investment.
During the entirety of the pandemic, Karen's innovative work continued as she remained in the office full time, and staffed me while I ran the Energy and Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Health from my home in San Mateo County.
Karen adapted quickly in order for us to remain resilient and nimble, and through her innovation she increased responsiveness and productivity for committee work, casework and fieldwork during the pandemic and beyond in ways that kept my staff safe and healthy while keeping up with the unique challenges of a pandemic and multiple wildfires.
Karen Chapman is a public servant's servant.
She's humble, loyal, generous, disciplined, resourceful, and steadfast.
Often sought after for her discretion and wise counsel, Karen has also advised campaigns and supported local candidates.
She cares deeply about making a difference in people's lives and improving their circumstances.
She staffed me on some of my most challenging cases including seeing success for Carl Clark who had been denied by the Navy for his heroism due to racism during World War II, protecting Dr. Christine Ford's identity before she decided to tell her story in public, and making sure my late friend Hank Sciaroni's package was complete to receive the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his courageous heroism when his plane was shot down behind enemy lines during World War II.