Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Naya Stamets.
Naya is an extraordinary leader with a heart as bold and inspiring as her mission.
It's the only way you get to receive the most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
She earned this award by turning her personal battle with Type 1 Diabetes into a powerful PSA, raising awareness of the condition one person at a time.
It is so wonderful to have Naya as my constituent from Farmington, New Mexico.
She is one of New Mexico's golden treasures.
She has been a member of the Girl Scouts of New Mexico Trails, Troop 10068 for 13 years.
She is now a first-year undergraduate student at New Mexico Tech studying Mechanical Engineering and Digital Media--go Miners.
To earn the prestigious Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead a team of experts and community members to implement a project that produces lasting change.
In pursuit of this prestigious award, Naya created a PSA video with the help of medical professionals to educate the community about T1D symptoms, prevention, and management.
Naya's PSA titled ``SEE T1D'' will have a positive impact on our New Mexico community for years to come.
Naya was inspired to create this PSA after a life-threatening emergency in her childhood, where she learned she had Type 1 Diabetes (T1D).
As she grew older, she noticed the lack of T1D education in her community.
At the end of the PSA, Naya included a QR code to a Google Form, which asks people if they experience any T1D symptoms and if someone selects 4 or more then it immediately tells them to contact their physician.
As a result of her PSA, she has been able to collect over 50 survey responses and speak with 4 individuals who sought help after seeing her video and survey.
Two people were able to get a diagnosis for early onset diabetes after consulting with their doctor and two others learned they had other underlying health issues.
In addition, Naya was able to present her research and PSA to the International Order of the Rainbow Girls, where she shared her findings with over 100 people from across the U.S. ranging from Connecticut, Kansas, Ohio, and California.