Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an extraordinary member of my congressional staff, Na Young Patty Kim, on the occasion of her retirement after serving as a member of my staff for over 26 years.
Patty was born Na Young Kim in Seoul, South Korea, in 1976 to Chong Seung Kim and Young Suk Kim.
In 1985, her parents decided to immigrate to the United States to pursue the American dream for their young daughters, Na Young and Jee Young.
Landing first in San Francisco, they eventually settled in Newark, California.
Na Young became Patty in the process of learning English and she learned about being a bridge for immigrants like herself while helping her parents navigate the unfamiliar system in America.
Patty graduated from Newark Memorial High School in 1994 and went on to study at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Although she was initially interested tn pursuing Business Economics, Patty developed a passion for political science and opted to study abroad in South Korea at Yonsei University to learn about international relations.
She also participated in the University of California Washington Center (UCDC) program and interned with the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice in the special litigation section.
These experiences helped her develop her passion for public service and in 1998, Patty graduated with a B.A. in Political Science and a specialization in Business Administration from UCLA.
Following her graduation from UCLA, Patty joined our Palo Alto District Office for the 14th Congressional District of California in the heart of Silicon Valley where she began as a Staff Assistant, moved to be a Scheduler, then a Caseworker, a Constituent Service Director, and now Deputy District Chief of Staff and Senior Counsel.
Patty opted to work full time while attending Santa Clara University School of Law, as a part time student.
During this time, she studied abroad at Oxford University to obtain a Certificate in International Law and also spent time working for the Federal Public Defender's office in San Jose on a case to help acquit a defendant on death row.
After graduating in May 2005, Patty passed the California Bar exam in November and decided to remain in public service as my Counsel.
In 2010, she married Steve Yu, a Marine Veteran and entrepreneur, and they have two beautiful children; Gloria and Michaela.
While raising her two young children, she continued to work tirelessly to serve constituents in a diverse district encompassing Silicon Valley.
Patty is an exceptional professional who truly understands the important connections between legislative work and constituent services.
She works quietly behind the scenes to use her deep knowledge of immigration, tax, telecommunications, and high-tech issues to help those in need.
Patty has helped thousands of constituents navigate the federal bureaucracy, has led a casework operation second to none, and been a trusted advisor in times of crisis.
Over all the years, Patty has worked effectively with community stakeholders, federal agencies, and constituents to get results.
Through it all, she has always been positive, never losing sight of the fact that we are in the business of hope.