Title: CELEBRATING LITERACY KC'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
106

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING LITERACY KC'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Literacy KC,

Kansas City's only adult-focused literacy organization, for their

exceptional work challenging illiteracy in Missouri's Fifth

Congressional District.
For forty years, Literacy KC has ceaselessly

pursued its mission of promoting literacy for all and has empowered

thousands of low-literate individuals through the organization's direct

services, advocacy work, and community collaboration initiatives.
Literacy KC was born out of a passion for community engagement and

mutual support.
In 1985, a group of volunteers led by Catherine Mathews

perceived a need for adult literacy services and took the initiative to

form a small, literacy tutoring group.
Initially, with only a handful

of students, the organization worked out of the basement at Country

Club Congregational Church and relied solely on volunteer labor.
Mathews affiliated the organization with the National Laubach Literacy

Council, which gave the fledgling group access to curriculum and

materials.
Mathews and her team of unpaid instructors called themselves

the Kansas City Laubach Literacy Council before changing their name to

Literacy KC.
What began as an ambitious dream eventually became a reality, with

the organization hiring an executive director and full-time staff as

classroom sizes swelled and funding was secured.
Literacy KC has

advocated tirelessly for adult education programs since its inception,

working to acknowledge and address the barriers low-literate adults

face in the workforce and in daily life.
Whether via direct service

programs or advocacy efforts, Literacy KC seeks to address the

consequences of low literacy--including an increased likelihood of

poverty, incarceration, and health problems--for the 225,000 adults in

the Kansas City area that are classified as low-literate.
Literacy education provides innumerable benefits, both to individuals

and to our society at large.
Greater literacy rates are correlated with

higher levels of economic output, improved health outcomes, heightened

civic participation, and decreased crime levels.
Beyond practical

considerations, the ability to read opens a portal of knowledge,

discovery, and imagination that can transport readers across time,

throughout space, and beyond reality.
Literacy KC does not just focus

on the downstream consequences of illiteracy, but works with thousands

literacy provides, empowering learners with the tools needed to improve

their own lives.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the work that Literacy KC

has done to improve literacy rates throughout Missouri's Fifth

Congressional District.
Since 1985, Literacy KC has offered hope to

people in challenging situations and acted as a springboard for

individuals that receive their services, propelling them to new

heights.
Whether helping students obtain their GEDs, study for

citizenship exams, or pursue job-specific certifications, their

services have left an indelible mark on our community, bringing great

meaning, fulfillment, and empowerment to the lives of thousands.
As we

mark Literacy KC's 40th anniversary this year, I am proud to

commemorate their work and champion their mission of literacy for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATION OF JUNETEENTH AMID THE EROSION OF BLACK HISTORY

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, after just four short years since

I proudly cast my vote to establish Juneteenth as a federal holiday

through the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act, the very history

that this day honors is now under attack by the current administration.
While we mark Juneteenth with prayers and proclamations, we must also

confront a harsh and unsettling truth: the significance of this day and

African American history is being erased.
Across our Nation, we are

witnessing the systemic losses of our hard-fought gains--the stripping

of diversity, equity, and inclusion from federal institutions,

censoring school curriculums, and silencing conversations about the

true history of America.