Therefore, until D.C. is given authority to amend

title 11 of the D.C. Code, which one of my bills would do, an act of

Congress is required to clarify that LGBTQ+ jurors in the D.C. Superior

Court are protected from discrimination.
As the Supreme Court said in Edmonson v. Leesville Concrete Company,

``discrimination within the courtroom raises serious questions as to

the fairness of the proceedings conducted there. . . . [
B]ias mars the

integrity of the judicial system and prevents the idea of democratic

government from becoming a reality.''
Similarly, the Court, in Batson

v. Kentucky, which was a juror discrimination case based on race, said,

``The harm from discriminatory jury selection extends beyond that

inflicted on the defendant and the excluded juror to touch the entire

community.
Selection procedures that purposefully exclude black persons

from juries undermine public confidence in the fairness of our system

of justice.''
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ABRAHAM J. HAMADEH

Mr. HAMADEH of Arizona.
Mr. Speaker, due to attending a funeral, I

was unable to be present for Roll Call No.
156 on H.R. 2966, the

American Entrepreneurs First Act.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
156--H.R.

2966, American Entrepreneurs First Act.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BELLEVUE-PAPILLION ROTARY CLUB

HON.
DON BACON

Mr. BACON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Bellevue-Papillion

Rotary Club of Nebraska on the celebration of their 50th Anniversary.
Since its founding on January 15, 1975, the Bellevue-Papillion Rotary

Club has exemplified the values of Rotary International by promoting

peace, advancing education, and delivering vital services to the

community.
Over the past five decades this organization has remained a

steadfast force for good in Eastern Sarpy County and beyond.
The club's service includes providing college scholarships to local

students, honoring outstanding educators, and awarding community

grants, their work has supported organizations such as the Bellevue

food Pantry.
Habitat for Humanity, and a local shelter for survivors of

human trafficking.
The club has also funded the installation of police

dash cameras, contributed to holiday food programs, and invested in

public amenities such as the gazebo at the Eastern Nebraska Veterans

Home and benches at Papillion Landing.
In moments of crisis, the Bellevue-Papillion Rotary club has stepped

up, including providing direct assistance to children affected by the

2019 floods.
The club also supports global initiatives, including polio

eradication and health assistance in Africa.
The rotary motto, ``Service Above Self'', is more than a guiding

principle--it's a commitment the Bellevue-Papillion Rotary Club has

lived every day for 50 years.
Its members have made immeasurable

contributions to the community and have set an example of civic

responsibility and service.
I commend the Bellevue-Papillion Rotary Club for its remarkable

legacy and congratulate its members on this milestone anniversary.