She established a monthly virtual forum for

geropsychology VA supervisors nationwide, offering support, training,

and practice reviews.
As chair of the Orlando and VISN 8 Dementia

Committees, she has led the implementation of the VHA Dementia System

of Care Directive, developed dementia education and training plans, and

continually addresses these needs.
Dr. Munroe's contributions include

formal presentations on brain health and dementia prevention, which

have significantly impacted geriatric mental health and the broader

healthcare community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDGAR ``PETE'' PETERS AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL

FLORIDA FOR CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Edgar ``Pete'' Peters has been a dedicated and

hardworking operations agent with Southwest Airlines for the past 27

years.
In 1998, the young Army veteran joined Southwest Airlines as a

ramp agent in Baltimore, Maryland.
He later accepted his current

position and transferred to the Southwest Airlines operations in

Orlando, Florida.
Pete has worked in many capacities over the years,

including as a member of the Safety and Emergency Care team, a

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion representative, and as a training

coordinator.
He has been awarded many honors, including Operations

Agent of the Quarter on several occasions and Operations Agent of the

Year.
His passion for helping others and giving back to the community has

led him to create The Ann Hewan Foundation, which contributes to his

native Jamaica from his Lake Nona community in Central Florida.
Pete,

as he is known throughout the area and community, is heavily involved

in charity work that supports underprivileged children.
Each year, Pete

collects, solicits, purchases, and ships back-to-school items, such as

notebooks, pencils, backpacks, restored computers, and clothing items,

to Jamaica, where he partners with a local school and charity in the

community.
Throughout the school year, he collects and donates some of

his own money to help support the Goodwill Infant and Primary School

Breakfast Program, which now operates three days a week, providing

breakfast to underprivileged children at school who are unable to get

it at home.
Pete's current project is assisting a local community

charity in building a proper playing field for the kids at the Goodwill

Primary and Infant School, which is almost 50% complete.
The playing

field will be used for recreational purposes and extracurricular

activities, bringing joy and a sense of pride to the children and the

community upon completion.
Pete also helps out and supports local

charity events around Central Florida communities and around the

Southwest Airlines system.
Pete's dedication and low-key approach are what keep him going.
As

the son of Pinkie Hewan, who migrated to the United States in search of

a better life, Pete's passion and understanding create the high octane

for helping others and treating them with respect.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LILLIE CONNET

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Lillie Connet,

for her work as an intern serving in my D.C. office.
I would like to

take this opportunity to thank her for her hard work and recognize the

meaningful contributions she has made to the office this summer.
Lillie

is from Hendersonville, North Carolina, and attends the University of

North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Lillie is entering her third year at

Chapel Hill where she is studying Political Science.
Interns work with staff to serve constituents in North Carolina's

11th congressional district.
Lillie was chosen from a competitive pool

and impressive work ethic.
It was a pleasure to work with Lillie, and I

am so proud to have had such an intelligent and ambitious intern

representing my office.
Lillie exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the

best that our Nation has to offer.
I congratulate Lillie on the

successful completion of her internship and thank her on behalf of the

people of Western North Carolina.