Kazakhstan inherited a massive nuclear stockpile and legacy sites for

chemical and biological weapons research following the dissolution of

the Soviet Union.
The voluntary commitment to rapidly remove these

weapons from its territory and accede to the Non-Proliferation Treaty

and other key arms control measures was a model for the region and the

world.
Kazakhstan has also made significant contributions to UN

peacekeeping missions, including independent deployments of

peacekeepers from 2024.
These efforts support stability and security in

both Central Asia and the wider world.
U.S. companies remain the largest source of foreign direct investment

in Kazakhstan, helping build resilient supply chains driving

Kazakhstan's economic diversification, supply chain resiliency, and

sustainable economic development.
Last month, Wabtec Corporation and

Kazakhstan Temir Zholy announced a $4.2 billion locomotive deal,

reflecting deepening cooperation between Kazakhstan and American firms.
We reiterate our commitment to advancing repeal of the outdated

Jackson-Vanik Amendment, which will allow us to fully realize the

potential of this relationship.
We also applaud Kazakhstan's efforts to

position itself as a key Eurasian transit hub.
We believe it is in our

shared interest to improve Central Asian connectivity with global

markets to boost the resilience of supply chains, and will seek ways to

support the realization of the Trans-Caspian ``Middle Corridor.''
In

addition to continued dialogue to safeguard critical technologies and

improve the investment climate, we hope that the ongoing process of

constitutional and political reform in Kazakhstan initiated in 2022

will strengthen governance and human rights.
On the occasion of Kazakhstan's Republic Day, we can reflect on our

enduring friendship and the bright future of our strategic partnership.
We look forward to continued high-level engagement with Kazakhstan,

both bilaterally and in multilateral fora.
In particular, we believe

the anticipated [EA5] C5+1 Leaders' Summit in Washington, D.C. would be

a pivotal opportunity to strengthen longstanding United States

cooperation with Kazakhstan and Central Asia.
Mr. Speaker, please join me and Representative Huizenga in honoring

Kazakhstan's Republic Day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING 100 YEARS OF THE MANHEIM LIONS CLUB

_____

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

the Manheim Lions Club for their 100th anniversary.
Located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, the Manheim Lions Club is

a dedicated community partner, exemplifying the Lions International

motto of ``We Serve'' since their chartering in 1925.
The club is

heavily involved in youth activities, sponsoring a 14U baseball team

and the Cub Scouts, and presenting educational awards to local

students.
It also runs programs that support vision care, such as an

eyeglasses drive, and engages in a variety of community service and

humanitarian relief efforts.
These efforts are supported through Easter egg hunts, 5K races, broom

sales, and food stands at the Manheim Farm Show.
This does not include

past traditions like car shows at the football field and plastic boat

races on the creek.
Ultimately, the money raised within the community

is reinvested back into the community.
The Manheim Lions are currently led by Club President Aaron

Henderson.
They are one of 49,000 Lions clubs across 200 countries and

regions, and Lions Club International boasts 1.4 million members

worldwide.
As the Manheim Lions Club celebrates 100 years of community service,

I would like to thank the club and its members for their long-standing

record of selflessness.
Their efforts have made Pennsylvania's 11th

Congressional District a better place, and I wish them another century

of positive impact.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF ARLINGTON: EMPOWERING WOMEN,

STRENGTHENING COMMUNITY

_____

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions and enduring legacy of the Junior League of Arlington

(JLA), an organization that has been empowering women and strengthening

the Arlington community for nearly five decades.