A proud graduate of Vallejo schools

herself, she began her career in the same district as a teacher before

serving as coordinator, vice principal, principal, and director of

student support services.
Though retired from full-time service, she

continues to champion educational opportunity and student success as a

trustee and mentor to the next generation of educators.
Beyond her

service to the school district, Dr. Young is President of Fighting Back

Partnership, a nonprofit organization dedicated to ending poverty and

strengthening families in Vallejo and across Solano County.
She is also

an active member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. (Kappa Beta Omega

Chapter), the California Association of African American

Superintendents and Administrators (CAAASA), and the Solano-Napa

Chapter of Black Women Organized for Political Action (BWOPA).
Dr.

Young's academic achievements are as impressive as her professional

record--holding two master's degrees, in early childhood and special

education from Sonoma State University and in counseling from the

University of La Verne, along with a doctorate in educational

leadership in urban schools.
Her lifetime of service embodies

perseverance, compassion, and faith in the transformative power of

education.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional

District, I am proud to honor Dr. Latyna Young for her remarkable

leadership, her dedication to the Vallejo community, and her lifelong

commitment to public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL BRENDA STRENGTH AS ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S 8TH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

_____

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Lt.
Col.
Brenda Strength as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year for her

exceptional leadership, operational excellence, and dedicated service

to both the United States Air Force and the Northern California

community.
Lt.
Col.
Strength leads a team of 372 military and civilian

personnel in managing the Air Mobility Command's largest logistics

portfolio, valued at over $983 million.
Under her leadership, her unit

executed over 58,000 passenger movements and transported more than 5

million pounds of cargo, while simultaneously planning and executing 12

high-priority Presidential support missions, mobilizing 123 personnel

across 22 locations in less than 24 hours.
She played a pivotal role in

finalizing a 15-year modernization effort involving the transfer of

3,000 legacy weapons systems across three wings.
Through innovative

joint training with the U.S. Marine Corps, she established three cross-

service exercises and embedded 25 Air Force reservists into five

critical logistics functions, enhancing operational readiness and joint

interoperability.
Her logistical acumen led to major advancements: a 30

percent reduction in overdue parts in the ``Due In From Maintenance''

program, a 15 percent increase in Specialized Fueling qualifications,

and the resolution of a vital Base Exchange agreement benefiting over

135,000 members of the Travis AFB community.
Further demonstrating her

strategic foresight, Lt.
Col.
Strength oversaw a zero-cost warehouse

floor plan redesign that consolidated 124 locations for 11,000 line

items, resolved 132 asset discrepancies, and bolstered the Air Force's

largest mobility account.
Her innovation directly enabled a 26 percent

increase in qualified aircrew by resolving a 9-month gap in hot refuel

kit certification.
Beyond her military service.
Lt.
Col.
Strength has

strengthened community bonds by encouraging squadron engagement in

local volunteerism, including youth mentorship, highway cleanups, STEM

and robotics initiatives, and support for local athletics and the arts.
Her commitment to community partnerships highlights the Air Force's

enduring connection to the people it serves.
On behalf of the people of

California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and

recognize Lt.
Col.
Brenda Strength for her invaluable contributions to

our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LISA NELSON-BONNINGTON AS ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S 8TH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

_____

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lisa Nelson-

Bonnington, recognized as one of California's 8th Congressional

District's Women of the Year.