From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF ARLINGTON: EMPOWERING WOMEN,

STRENGTHENING COMMUNITY

_____

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions and enduring legacy of the Junior League of Arlington

(JLA), an organization that has been empowering women and strengthening

the Arlington community for nearly five decades.
Founded on October 22, 1975, as the Service League of Arlington with

45 charter members, the organization was officially welcomed into the

Association of Junior Leagues International on February 22, 1982,

becoming the 248th Junior League and adopting the name Junior League of

Arlington.
Since that time, JLA has remained steadfast in its mission

to advance women's leadership for meaningful community impact through

volunteer action, collaboration, and training.
Over the years, the Junior League of Arlington has invested more than

$3 million and over one million volunteer hours into more than 100

local agencies.
Through these efforts, the League has made a tangible

difference in the lives of countless residents across North Texas.
This

year alone, JLA is providing $100,000 in grants to 10 community

organizations, continuing its long tradition of philanthropy and

partnership.
Beyond its financial and volunteer contributions, the Junior League

of Arlington's influence is seen in its enduring commitment to service

and empowerment.
From its collaboration with Arlington ISD on the

annual Back to School Kick-off at AT&T Stadium, to its many ``Done in a

Day'' projects, JLA consistently answers the call to serve families,

women, and children in need.
As the League begins a new chapter in its new home at Wellspring on

Main--The Arlington Center for Community Engagement--it reaffirms its

dedication to building stronger, more inclusive communities.
Through

leadership training, volunteerism, and a commitment to diversity,

equity, and belonging, JLA continues to shape women into leaders who

create lasting, positive change.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the Junior

League of Arlington for its nearly 50 years of outstanding service,

leadership, and community partnership.
The League's unwavering

dedication to empowering women and strengthening the Arlington

community stands as a model of civic engagement and compassion for us

all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING NOAH WOFSY FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE U.S. HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

_____

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Ranking Member Morelle and

myself, I kindly ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Noah Wofsy

on his retirement as Deputy Legislative Counsel after 39 years of

service to the House of Representatives.
Noah joined the House Office

of Legislative Counsel in 1986 after

earning his J.D. from the University of Southern California.
I have had

the good fortune of working with Noah in his capacity supporting the

Committee on House Administration and the Subcommittee on Modernization

and Innovation.
Noah has served as the Deputy House Legislative Counsel since 2018,

helping lead the office and manage a committed team of experts to

provide the House with impartial and confidential drafting and

counseling services for bills, amendments, resolutions, and laws.
his unmatched expertise to countless Members, committees, and staff

working on a broad array of policy issues.
The Select Committee on the

Modernization of Congress relied heavily on Noah's institutional

knowledge and ideas when making recommendations to modernize the

House's outdated processes and technologies for legislative drafting.
He was also instrumental in leading the effort last Congress to

modernize leadership roles and succession planning in the Office of the

Legislative Counsel.
While Noah's service over the years has benefited

the House in many ways, his dedication to teaching staff the art of

legislative drafting has left an indelible and lasting mark on this

institution.
Teaching is a talent that Noah exemplifies as thousands of

current and former House staffers will attest.