SCOTT GOMEZ

_____

HON.
NICHOLAS J. BEGICH III

Mr. BEGICH.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to

honor a trailblazer in Alaska's sports history, Scott Gomez for his

induction into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.
As the first

Alaskan to receive this extraordinary distinction, Mr. Gomez has not

only broken barriers in the world of professional hockey but has also

served as a role model for generations of young Alaskans.
Born in Anchorage and a graduate of East Anchorage High School, Mr.

Gomez rose swiftly through the ranks of professional hockey.
He made an

immediate impact in his rookie season with the New Jersey Devils, by

winning the NHL's Calder Memorial Trophy.
His career would go on to

include two Stanley Cup championships, over 1,000 games in the NHL, and

international representation with Team USA at the Winter Olympics.
Beyond his accolades on the ice, Mr. Gomez's legacy is defined by his

commitment to community.
During the 2012 NHL lockout, while many of his

peers played overseas, he returned home to Alaska to play in front of

local fans.
He has continued to mentor youth and invest in the sport

through coaching roles, including his current position with the USHL's

Surrey Eagles.
Mr. Gomez also founded the Scott Gomez Foundation, which is dedicated

to promoting youth hockey and increasing opportunities for underserved

communities.
Through scholarships, clinics, and community work, the

foundation reflects his deep commitment to giving back and uplifting

the next generation of players.
Scott Gomez embodies the values of perseverance, excellence, and

service that make Alaska proud.
His journey from local rinks to

national recognition reflects the very best of our state's spirit of

optimism, hard work, and generosity.
I offer my congratulations on this

well-deserved honor and thank him for the inspiration he continues to

provide both on and off the ice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATIONAL IMMIGRANTS DAY

_____

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express gratitude and support

for our Nation's vibrant immigrant community on this National

Immigrants Day.
Every October 28th, we recognize and celebrate the contributions of

immigrants--born citizens of another country--to our United States.
Our

Nation stands as the country with the most immigrants in the world:

over 52 million in 2024, or about 15 percent of our overall population.
Throughout our history immigrants have made, and today continue to

make, invaluable contributions to our country, including invigorating

our economy and sharing their unique cultures to enrich the fabric of

our society.
Nowhere is this truer than in my Hawaii, where so many are themselves

immigrants or descended from immigrants.
Hawaii is home today to

256,000 immigrants, or about 18 percent of our total population--

ranking us 8th in the Nation.
Immigrants have been central to the

history and culture of Hawaii for centuries, from being the backbone of

our labor force in Hawaii's earlier agricultural industries in sugar

and pineapple, to now making up 22 percent of our labor force and a

disproportionately large share of our vital hospitality and health care

industries as well as our dominant small businesses.
Our distinctive

multicultural identity, from ``pidgin'' to fusion foods like spam

musubi, meat jun and saimin, to our distinctly local music and way of

life, have been uniquely shaped by our immigrant `ohana.
Nationally, the immigrant experience then and now has strengthened

our country immeasurably in equally multiple ways.
In pure economic

terms alone, in 2022 immigrants generated some $1.6 trillion in

economic activity and contributed more than $579 billion in local,

state and federal taxes, and today millions of American workers are

employed at immigrant-founded and immigrant-owned companies.
Immigration is and will increasingly be essential to meeting workplace

demand.
Our immigrant communities maintain ties to their countries of

origin and thus strengthen our Nation's indispensable international

bonds.