Ukrainians in the UK deserve stability after fleeing war, yet almost half report severe stress and anxiety caused by prolonged uncertainty about their visa status.
Some 44% have lost a job opportunity, 26% have been unable to sign new tenancy agreements and 25% have had a student loan rejected, all because of that uncertainty.
Does the Minister agree that this is an unacceptable way of treating those to whom we opened our arms, and will she commit to giving Ukrainian refugees the certainty about their visas that they deserve?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that we continue to stand by Ukraine, and to support those whom we have been able to welcome to our country.
We have provided certainty under the Ukraine permission extension scheme, which we opened on  4 February .
Under that scheme, people can prove that they have ongoing status through section 3C leave during their application process.
This month, we marked eight years since the Westminster bridge attack, a cowardly assault on our parliamentary democracy that killed five people, including the late PC Keith Palmer, and injured almost 50 others.
As the survivors seek to rebuild their lives, what measures is the Department putting in place to support the survivors and honour the victims of terrorist attacks?
The victims and survivors of terrorism need and deserve the highest levels of support to recover and rebuild their lives.
The Government will set up a new, dedicated support hub for victims and survivors, supporting their needs in the immediate and long-term aftermath of a terrorist attack.
Proposals for a new national day for victims and survivors of terrorism will also be consulted on, helping the country to remember and honour those who have been tragically killed or impacted by terrorist attacks.
Cambridgeshire’s rural crime action team is successful, but it does not have the resources to be available 24/7.
Indeed, it was not available during the recent hare coursing incursion into my constituency of Ely and East Cambridgeshire.
What assessment has the Minister made of ensuring the 24/7 availability of rural crime action teams?
I was very concerned to hear about the incident to which the hon.
Lady refers.
I announced earlier that additional funding is going into the national wildlife crime unit and the national rural crime unit to assist forces in providing the cover necessary in rural areas.
During a recent walkabout in Wallsend with Northumbria’s police and crime commissioner, Susan Dungworth, and the North Tyneside cabinet member for community safety, Karen Clark, I heard about how the police, retailers and the council work in partnership to tackle retail crime.
However, while larger retailers can provide personal safety equipment for staff, that is not affordable for small retailers.
Does the Minister have any plans to help small shop owners with such costs?
The Government have announced that we will provide £7 million over the next three years to support the police in tackling retail crime, including by continuing to fund a specialist policing team.
There is £100,000 available to the National Police Chiefs’ Council to assist with measures that retailers can introduce to make their shops and retail outlets more secure.
That that may well be of use.
Topical questions should be short.
The Home Office states that it takes fraud in visa applications seriously, but I know of a case involving a man who came here on a spousal visa, was then arrested four times for domestic abuse, and left the family home in October ’23.
All this is backed up by police reports and social worker documentation.
In his spousal visa application of March last year, he claimed that he was still living with my constituent in the family home.
She has reported this twice to the Home Office— Order.
These are topical questions.
I call the Minister.
I am happy to speak to the hon.
Member about the case she raises.
Socketts newsagents in my constituency is more than 100 years old, but it faces closure because of gangs of masked youths shoplifting.
What will the Minister do to help Socketts and ensure that it can stay open?
Well, that is totally unacceptable.
That is why we need our neighbourhood policing guarantee, and bobbies working on the high streets and in communities that have been devoid of police officers for too long, because of decisions taken by the previous Government.
I am happy to discuss that case with my hon.
Friend.
Under the Police Regulations 2003, officers in Hertfordshire receive an allowance of up to £3,000, and those in Bedfordshire receive £2,000.
Officers in Cambridgeshire are not eligible for the south-east allowance, despite being in the same tri-force area.
The Policing Minister has previously informed me that the Government will give careful consideration to representations regarding the south-east allowance.
Will she take steps to award the south-east allowance to Cambridgeshire constabulary police officers?
I am certainly willing to hear representations on that.
Following the gripping storyline of “Adolescence” and the rise of incel culture contributing to youth crime, what specific measures is the Home Office implementing to address the root causes and create a safer and more supportive environment for our young people?
My hon.
Friend is right to mention the television programme “Adolescence”, which many people will have seen, and the issue of rising violence among teenagers.
We see this in a number of areas; the issues range from knife crime to extremism and violence fixation.
Importantly, we have the stronger measures in the Online Safety Act 2023 to protect young people from seeing extreme violence and inappropriate material online, but it is also important for us to work with schools to prevent violence among young people, including violence in relationships.
Yesterday,  reported on the leaking of a report from the National Police Chiefs’ Council on the Leicester riots of 2022.
The report blamed Hindu extremism; however, during the riots, 105 Hindu homes were attacked, but no Muslim homes, and two Hindu temples were attacked, but no mosques.
Will the Minister ensure that the report is published, so that we can scrutinise it and ensure that the blame is put where it should be?
We take these matters very seriously.
I will look carefully at the details of the point that the hon.
Gentleman has made, and I am happy to discuss it with him further.
There has been a recent slew of successful European sting operations that have resulted in the arrest of prominent individuals involved in people-smuggling gangs.
Does the Minister agree that this highlights the crucial importance of international co-operation, and signals that Labour’s plan to smash the gangs is working?
Hard, tough cross-border policing takes time.
[Interruption.]
Conservative Members may laugh, but on a recent joint action day led by German and Belgian authorities, 500 German officers arrested targets and seized dozens of boats and engines, including some in warehouses targeted by the National Crime Agency.
On a joint action day led by German police earlier this month, there were seven arrests in eight raided locations,  and 90 dangerous life jackets were seized.
That demonstrates a momentum in joint working that will put pressure on the criminal gangs.
In the south-west last year, 77 police community support officers were taken off our streets; my local Avon and Somerset force accounted for 60 of them.
It said that the change was a direct result of lack of funding.
Will the Home Secretary agree to raise the matter with the Chancellor as a matter of urgency, so that we can put more money back into frontline policing?
An extra £1.2 billion is going into policing for the financial year starting tomorrow.
Obviously, past Governments must account for their failure to fund the police adequately.
When the Home Secretary visited Nuneaton to speak to local business owners, she heard from them directly about the problem of retail crime.
There was a glimmer of hope, because our town centre officer was having a big impact, but that role is now vacant.
Shops and other businesses say that retail crime is at an all-time high, with a 58% increase since January.
Now that Labour is putting more money into people’s pockets, what more can be done to ensure that it is safe for it to be spent in town centres?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of town centre crime.
We are investing additional funds of more than £1 billion in policing next year, and are providing an additional £200 million for neighbourhood policing, which was cut so heavily under the Conservative Government, so that we can bring it back to our town centres.
We are strengthening the power of police officers and PCSOs to tackle street and shop theft—crimes that have soared in recent years because the Conservative Government turned their back on it.
During the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill Committee, we Conservatives proposed a new clause that would provide a mechanism for a binding annual cap on the number of non-visitor visas issued by the UK.
That would have introduced accountability and transparency, but it was voted down decisively by Labour Members.
The Government talk tough, but does the Home Secretary not believe that the British public deserve a transparent and honest answer to the question of what the level of migration will be under this Government, rather than the Government’s just blaming us, or saying “lower numbers” on every occasion?
I am staggered by that question, because net migration reached record highs under the Conservatives’ watch.
We are the ones with a plan to bring it down.
Quite frankly, the hon.
Lady should support that.
Mohamed waited nearly three years for a decision on his asylum application, a period that was extended by the pause in processing Syrian asylum cases.
If the Minister will not end the pause, what interim steps will she take to further support host communities such as Falkirk?
As I said earlier, we are keeping under close review the pause in Syrian asylum applications.
We cannot decide asylum applications against a country policy that is no longer relevant because of the rapid change in that country.
We will resume those decisions as soon as we can.
Reports about the Met police raid and arrests at the Quaker meeting house in Westminster last Thursday have caused great alarm, particularly because Quakers are renowned for their non-violent and pacifist principles.
The incident raises serious concerns about the police’s approach to freedom of assembly, freedom of expression and the right to peaceful protest.
What explanation have the Met police given the Minister for their actions that night?
As the hon.
Gentleman will realise, this is an operational matter for the Metropolitan police, and I am sure that they will provide further commentary at some point.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Dawn Thurkettle and the Rugby Street Pastors, and particularly the recently commissioned pastors, on all the excellent work that they do to lower the temperature on nights out in our town?
They show kindness and listen to people on our streets, and play an important role in our community.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to Dawn and the Rugby Street Pastors for their excellent work.
Many street pastors around the country do really important work in keeping people safe and secure on nights out.
The final question goes to the Father of the House.
Will the Home Secretary consider raising an obvious lacuna in the law in the Committee of Ministers at the Council of Europe?
Under the refugee convention, we can automatically deport foreign criminals who enter this country illegally, but under the convention on human rights, we cannot.
Surely we can address that in partnership with other members of the Council of Europe.
The right hon.
Member will know that we have increased the return and removal of foreign national offenders significantly since the election.
Deportations, returns and removals had plummeted under the previous Government.
We are increasing them, and I believe it is right to do so.
By working internationally, we have secured a new agreement with Germany, which will now go after the trafficking and smuggler gangs and the illegal warehouses in that country, but we need to ensure that we take action against dangerous foreign criminals.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I want to make it clear that in the first question I asked, the number I intended to ask about was the 30,000 people who have illegally crossed the channel since the last election, which is  a 31% increase on the previous period; and for the  period since  1 January , the number was the highest in history.
To be clear, the figure is 30,000 since the election.
—[Official Report,  31 March 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 3.]
The shadow Minister has got his point on the record.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I asked the Security Minister why the Government were spending so much time with, and lending legitimacy to, organisations and people whom they say they oppose.
The Security Minister replied, “We are not.”
I gave three examples, and for each of them there is photographic evidence.
In one case, a picture shows the Prime Minister in No. 10, laughing with the man I mentioned.
I have much admiration for the Security Minister, and I am sure that he did not say what he did deliberately, but can you advise us on how he might correct the record?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order.
As he knows, the Chair is not responsible for the content of questions and answers.
Nevertheless, Members should strive to be accurate in the comments they make to the House.
If a mistake has been made, there is a procedure for correcting the record.