The summit is dealing with source countries.
We are looking at how we can co-operate with countries all the way along the routes used by smuggling gangs to ensure that the right messages, rather than very slick organised immigration gang advertising, are conveyed.
People smugglers do not just put the immigration system in jeopardy; they exploit the vulnerable and they put lives in danger.
There is nothing progressive about allowing the vulnerable to be exploited by these smugglers.
Does the Minister agree that we should be straining every sinew to crack down on these gangs and can she update us on her meetings today on this topic?
I agree strongly with my hon.
Friend and that is why today’s immigration summit, where 40 countries will be co-operating and attending, is such an important event.
Today we also announced that, since we came into government, we have returned more than 24,000 people who have no right to be here.
We have also tightened up the illegal working regulations to make certain that they apply across the board to the gig economy and to casual workers, too.
Since the Labour Government came to power, more than 30,000 people have entered our country illegally.
The Prime Minister says he is very angry about that, but he is not as angry as the British taxpayer, who has to fork out £1.2 billion a year to keep those illegal invaders in our country.
Does the Minister agree that anybody arriving here illegally should be detained and deported?
We have a duty to ensure that those arriving on our shores who claim asylum are properly processed.
The Conservatives prevented themselves from doing that by becoming obsessed with the Rwanda scheme and they left us with a huge backlog.
We will speed up immigration processing so that we can deal with those people, protect those who have a right to be here and send back those who have failed.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will welcome the steep increase in returns and removals that I have just announced.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is not gimmicks such as Rwanda but international co-operation that will fundamentally deal with the illegal gangs who are facilitating crossings?
Is that not why we should welcome today’s summit, at which people are coming together to co-operate and to tackle those gangs?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
These criminals are cross-national, very sophisticated and operate across borders.
In order to respond properly, we have to do the same, and that is what today’s summit is helping us to co-ordinate.
What steps her Department is taking to support police forces in Gloucestershire.
Total funding for Gloucestershire police for 2025-26 will be up to £169.3 million, which is an increase of up to £11.2 million on last year and includes £1.5 million to kick-start the recruitment of additional neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in Gloucestershire—to get those bobbies back on the beat in our local communities.