I realise that my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  was unable to get a meaningful answer, but with Islamist extremism behind three quarters of MI5’s caseload, it is essential to shield our democracy from its pressure.
The Minister has repeatedly reiterated the Government’s non-engagement policy with the Muslim Council of Britain, despite a Government Minister attending its annual dinner.
More recently, there have been concerns about attendees at Government events who have publicly expressed some frightening views.
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government remain committed to a non-engagement policy with those who seek to promote extreme views that undermine our democracy?
Where Government Ministers go against that, how does the defending democracy taskforce respond?
I assure the shadow Minister that our policy on engagement has not changed.
I have responded on this matter on a number of occasions.
What I can say to him, addressing the substance of the issue, is that we will tackle extremism wherever we find it.
The Government take these matters incredibly seriously.
We will never allow them to be used as a political football.
We will address these matters and tackle them head-on.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, with devastating consequences for our high streets and town centres.
The Conservative party wrote that off as low-level crime, but the Labour Government are determined to take back our streets from thugs and thieves.
That is why we are ending the effective immunity for shop theft of goods under £200, introducing a new offence of assaulting a shop worker and delivering 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in communities across the country.
Many retailers in Bournemouth town centre and across my constituency have told me that the same people over and over again are responsible for shoplifting and putting their staff’s safety at risk.
Good progress has been made locally with Dorset police’s Operation Shopkeeper and the town centre business improvement district’s use of the UK partners against crime system, but what more can be done to tackle repeat offenders and to learn the lessons from successful initiatives such as those in my constituency?