In Ashford and Staines in my constituency we have a real plague of shoplifting and antisocial behaviour.
Inspector Matthew Walton of the North division is doing a great job with his team to tackle it, in combination with the community and the retailers, but still the problem is getting worse.
After the success of the facial recognition software roll-out in Croydon, will Ministers please consider extending it to Spelthorne, because it would be a welcome addition to policing in my area?
As an operational matter, live facial recognition is something for the police to use as they deem fit, but from my experience of it being used in Croydon, I can see the benefits to policing.
It seems to be a very effective tool that police forces should have in their armoury.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the antisocial use of off-road bikes.
Many of us will know from our constituencies the havoc that can be caused in communities by the dangerous and deafening antisocial use of off-road bikes.
That is why this Government are giving the police  stronger powers to swiftly seize those bikes and other vehicles where they are being driven antisocially through local estates and town centres, as part of our mission to crack down on antisocial behaviour and make our streets safe.
People across Lichfield, Burntwood and the surrounding villages in my constituency—and, I am sure, across the country—are sick and tired of off-road bikes being used inappropriately, antisocially and dangerously on our streets.
The worst example I have seen was somebody doing a wheelie on a quad bike at 40 mph on Eastern Avenue in Lichfield.
I reported that to the police and they are following it up as best they can, but they tell me that they need the new powers in the Bill.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me, my constituents and the rest of the country that this Government will continue to crack down on this problem and will not rest until our streets are safe for all road users?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and I am sorry to hear about the appalling incident he describes.
This is a challenge for us in many of our constituencies.
My constituents in Airedale and Chequerfield see the total nightmare of off-road bikes being driven deliberately to harass people.
If we have to wait for the police to give multiple warnings, they cannot take the swift action needed, which is why we need the change in the Bill.
My constituent Peter from Corfe Mullen has had numerous run-ins with e-scooters and off-road bikes.
What consideration is the Home Secretary giving to the redefinition of electric bike so that it is genuinely an electric bike?
The hon.
Member is right that there are many different forms and changes to the kinds of vehicles, bikes and scooters being used.
The legislation applies not just to off-road bikes, but more widely to vehicles being used antisocially.
That is important because the police need to be able to act swiftly and not end up having to try to chase and catch the same people again and again to take action.
Antisocial behaviour is a significant concern to my constituents, especially the nuisance caused by off-road bikes and e-scooters.
Last Friday, local officers specifically told me that they do not feel they have the power to pursue the riders of these bikes when they are in their patrol cars, with riders often taunting and even laughing at them because they know they cannot easily be caught.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that my local officers in Mansfield have the specific powers they need to stop those bikes and bring those terrorising our community to justice?
My hon.
Friend is right, and people in Mansfield should not be terrorised by deliberate harassment by people on off-road bikes.
That is why we are strengthening the law through the Crime and Policing Bill, but it is also why we support the work that some police forces are doing—for example, the work I have seen in Staffordshire where they were using drones to follow those on off-road bikes and make swift seizures or arrests.
At the weekend, I was speaking to residents of Braunstone Town, and many, particularly the elderly, were frightened by the use of off-road bikes and similar vehicles given the noises they make and the risk to pedestrians.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the Government are taking the matter seriously and that they will empower local police forces to bring those driving the bikes to justice?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
Often, particularly for older people, the way in which the bikes are used is just dangerous.
The deliberate ramping up of the noise to intimidate and scare people is disgraceful antisocial behaviour.
That is why we are increasing policing powers and why we want to work with policing on things like the drone use and other measures to tackle antisocial behaviour.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle mobile phone theft.
Street theft increased by more than 40% in the last year of the previous Government, largely due to soaring rates of snatch theft involving mobile phones.
There is clear evidence of organised criminality in those crimes—this is not just about petty criminals and opportunists.
That is why the Home Secretary recently convened a mobile phone theft summit with tech companies, policing leaders and the National Crime Agency, and why our Crime and Policing Bill includes a new power enabling police to enter premises identified by electronic mapping if stolen items are believed to be there.
Mobile phone theft is a widespread concern in my constituency.
Between 2019 and 2024, the spate of mobile phone thefts has risen by 22.3%.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure my constituents that this Government will take all steps to ensure their safety?
I can give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
Our recent mobile phone theft summit resulted in clear commitments from attendees to work in collaboration to tackle mobile phone theft and the organised criminality driving it.
That is also why our Crime and Policing Bill will give police the power, where it is not practical to wait for a warrant, to enter and search premises where stolen mobile phones are believed to be.
The rising number of mobile phone thefts has caused great concern among many of my constituents.
By the way, I am not technically minded—I know very little about how my mobile phone works—but many people have everything on their phones: their bank details are on that phone; their life is on that phone.
If their phone is stolen, they are in big trouble.
How will we restore confidence in the general public on mobile phones and having all our details on them?
I think it is worth reflecting on the impressive results we have seen in recent months from the Metropolitan police in their work to intensify action on mobile phone theft.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: this is an important subject and we need to see that kind of activity around the country, including in Northern Ireland.
What steps she is taking to help tackle rural crime.
The Government are committed to tackling rural crime and safeguarding rural areas through tougher measures to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, fly-tipping and the theft of agricultural equipment.
Alongside our neighbourhood policing guarantee, we are also providing funding to the national rural and wildlife crime units to ensure their valuable work can continue.
Crime rates in rural areas have surged by 32% since 2011, compared with 24% for urban areas, with a total rise of almost 130 reported offences.
Rural crime in my constituency includes theft of agricultural machinery, livestock and fuel.
The area’s remote locations make it vulnerable to such crimes, which impact on local farmers and residents.
What are the Government doing to ensure that rural crime gets the attention that it deserves?