The accurate collection of sex-aggregated data by police forces is essential to addressing male violence against women and girls.
What plans does my right hon.
Friend have in place for her Department to implement the recently published Sullivan review?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that we take the Sullivan review extremely seriously.
It is important to recognise the difference between biological sex and gender and to make sure that policing and the criminal justice system always have the accurate data that they need.
Women and girls will never truly be safe while terrifying online influencers such as Andrew Tate are allowed platforms that radicalise men and boys into extreme misogyny.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking with Cabinet colleagues to support police in tackling violence against women and girls?
Measures in the Online Safety Act 2023 are being implemented over the course of this year.
That includes the introduction this summer of measures expected to ensure that stronger action is taken to prevent young boys and children more widely from seeing inappropriate material, which can be very damaging and very extreme.
We also need to work in schools to prevent abuse in relationships.
Rape victims were failed under the previous Government, and too few actually got to see the inside of a courtroom.
Among those victims were the victims of Andrew Tate here in the UK, who suffered rape and other violence against them.
While I know that the Home Secretary cannot comment on the current extradition notice with Romania, what message can she send to those victims, whom I have met and who will be meeting a Minister as well, about their day in court and getting justice?
My hon.
Friend will know that there is a court case under way in Romania and that issues around prosecution and extradition decisions are matters for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service.
I know that she has worked with victims, including in her constituency, and it is hugely important that victims of appalling crimes have a route to justice, wherever they are in the world.