My former party leader, the late Lord Ashdown, regularly expressed his grave concerns about the fragility of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, drawing on his own experience as the country’s former High Representative.
Despite repeated warnings, the UK ignored the threat posed to peace in Bosnia by Milorad Dodik, his entourage and  his supporters in the Kremlin.
Dodik’s latest defiance of international authority, rejecting the legal orders of the international peace envoy, is only the latest act in his concerted work to undermine the Dayton agreement and regional stability in the Balkans.
It is clear that the UK has taken its eye off the ball in Bosnia.
The Conservatives’ short-sighted decision in 2020 to withdraw our troops from the EUFOR Althea peacekeeping operation sent entirely the wrong signal about our commitment to the region.
Does the Minister agree that the UK should recommit to the EUFOR mission, so we can work in lockstep with our international partners to prevent a further deterioration of the situation in the Balkans?
Madam Deputy Speaker, you will understand that I cannot comment on the previous Government, but I know there is strong support across the House for peace and stability across the Balkans, and that we are all engaged in that effort.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we absolutely have not taken our eye off the ball.
This region is one of the most important to the Foreign Secretary and myself, not least because of our long history of engagement in the region.
It is why we have now put in place one of our most senior diplomats to act as special envoy, and why we have been engaged in the diplomatic conversations I mentioned.
On the role of the High Representative, we are clear that the political crisis was caused by Republika Srpska, President Dodik and his supporters.
We support the High Representative’s role and we support the use of his powers, if necessary.
His role remains vital for Bosnia and Herzegovina’s future prosperity and stability, and we continue to work alongside EUFOR and indeed with the NATO presence we have there, too.
We all know that Dodik has continually denied that a genocide occurred at Srebrenica.
I was absolutely appalled to see that after his conviction, he was invited by the Israeli Minister for antisemitism to go to Jerusalem to address an antisemitism conference.
I hope that the Minister can restate the UK’s strong belief that a genocide occurred at Srebrenica and that other countries should not be inviting Dodik to address conferences, particularly on the subject of genocide.
I obviously cannot comment on Mr Dodik’s travel, but I can say that we are absolutely clear on what happened at Srebrenica.
My hon.
Friend will know that I have visited Srebrenica and that we have done important work with Remembering Srebrenica.
Again, there is a cross-party attitude on this issue across the House.
We are in a year of very important and solemn anniversaries and it is crucial that leaders refrain from inflammatory rhetoric and actions, and instead focus on building trust between communities across the western Balkans, and particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
President Dodik’s language and actions are both reckless and dangerous.
Given that the Minister has just admitted to there being Russian meddling in the region—as we know, it has been going on for many years—can I ask what conversations he has had with the Americans to ensure that they continue to have command of the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo?
To the point made by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (James MacCleary) , can the Minister say whether the UK could play a bit more of a role in EUFOR, and, from his discussions with the French Minister, whether there is likely to be an extension of that mandate?
As I said, I met one of the American representatives on Friday, with other Quint members, and there is unity across the Quint on these issues.
We will continue to work closely with the United States and other partners on this matter.
EUFOR is vital for maintaining peace and security in Bosnia and Herzegovina and for upholding the military aspects of the Dayton peace agreement, and we regularly engage with both EUFOR directly and the EU delegation.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we do not currently participate in EU common security and defence policy missions.
Of course, we are open to future opportunities for co-operation, and we have identified the western Balkans, and, indeed, hybrid activities, as one of the areas where we need to see closer co-operation.
The subject was discussed by the Foreign Secretary and the EU at the Foreign Affairs Council in Luxembourg a few months ago.
Does the Minister agree that we need leaders in the west Balkans region who are focused on building a stable and inclusive future for all the peoples of the region, instead of escalating tensions with reckless rhetoric?
I could not agree more.
I sincerely hope that all, including leaders in Republika Srpska, will focus on delivering the reforms and progress necessary for their citizens, instead of using inflammatory rhetoric and divisive language, which seeks only to break down communities and unity, rather than building up the trust between communities that is so needed.
In the 1960s, Germany took the very important step of showing programmes about what had happened in the second world war with the Holocaust; the exact opposite has been happening in Republika Srpska and areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina, where textbooks are being rewritten to actually increase that hatred.
Will the Minister say what plans the Government have and what interventions they can make to try to get the truth of what happened during that war out to people, so that those countries do not just generate another generation of hatred?
I completely agree with the broad thrust of the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
Ensuring that we understand what happened in the past and do not attempt to deny what happened is, obviously, crucial for all communities; building trust between communities is also crucial.
He will understand that we have funded a number of programmes—as did the previous Government —including to support those who suffered sexual violence in the conflicts in the 1990s, as well as providing extensive support to the International Commission on Missing Persons, which has helped to account for more than 70% of the 40,000 people missing from the conflicts of the 1990s.
Those sorts of actions are crucial to rebuilding trust and dealing with the legacies of the past.
I volunteered with the OSCE to ensure free and fair elections in Bosnia  and Herzegovina in 1996, following the Dayton peace agreement.
I therefore have huge concerns about the escalating tensions.
I welcome the diplomatic efforts we are undertaking to support stability, on which the Minister has updated us, but can he confirm that he is working closely with European civil society partners such as the OSCE to secure peace and stable democracy in the region?
We continue to work with all organisations that seek to promote peace and stability in the region.
My hon.
Friend rightly mentions the OSCE, which is crucial.
I know that the issue is of keen interest to members of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly in this place.
We will continue to work with them, with the Council of Europe and with others, including our partners in the EU, the US and beyond.
Civil society organisations are crucial to that work.
Many examples of the work that we have done in the past to build trust between communities and on peacebuilding have been achieved through civil society organisations.
Is the Minister aware of reports that Russia Today and Sputnik are increasing their dissemination of disinformation in Bosnia and Herzegovina at the same time as the widely respected Bosnian service of Voice of America faces closure?
Will he see what more we can do to counter Russian disinformation in the region, perhaps by increasing broadcasting by the BBC World Service?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the destabilising hybrid activities of Russia, not just in Bosnia but across the region.
He knows the steps that have been taken in this country against RT and other Russian outlets; indeed, we have called them out across Europe and have worked with partners on that.
He is absolutely right that free, fair, truthful and legitimate media are needed to ensure that citizens have the truth about what is happening, not the kind of lies that are peddled from the Kremlin.
I cannot make specific promises, but he knows that we treat the BBC World Service very seriously.
The Under-Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , is here with me and will have heard his comments closely.
As has been noted, the actions of Milorad Dodik over the past few weeks and months have seriously undermined the stability of Bosnia and Herzegovina and have undermined the Dayton peace agreement, which ended the country’s 1992-to-1995 war in the aftermath of the horrific genocide that took place in Srebrenica.
What steps are the Government taking to work with partners such as the US, the EU and other western Balkan countries to ensure that the territorial integrity of Bosnia is upheld during this fragile period?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the need to work with our partners.
My French counterpart Minister Haddad and I convened our Quint partners and the EU institutions on Friday for a joint meeting; Minister Haddad was visiting London and we took the initiative to meet our partners, because we were deeply concerned about the situation in Bosnia.
We have also  been engaging with those in the region, including Serbia and Croatia.
I, along with the special envoy, the Foreign Secretary and others, will continue to do so.
One detects the hand of Russia here, much as one does across the entire periphery of Europe, from the High North, Ukraine, the Balkans and the Caucasus, which the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee mentioned, to the Sahel, the Maghreb and Libya, right over to the Greenland-Iceland-UK gap.
Will the Minister describe the British strategy for rolling back Russian destabilisation across the entire periphery of Europe?
In 30 seconds!
To do so in a few seconds would be a challenge, but I assure  the hon.
Member for Tunbridge Wells (Mike Martin)  that in all those regions we are not only conscious of what Russia is doing, but actively working with partners to push back.
That is why it has been identified as an area for close co-operation with the EU; it is why we work closely with the United States and others; and it is why we work closely with individual partners in specific contexts, including in Moldova in response to Russian attempts there.
The Balkans, Moldova, the Caucasus and elsewhere are all areas in which we see Russia spreading misinformation, lies and worse.
Dodik’s reckless rhetoric has been noted many times in the House this afternoon.
Can the Minister assure me that work is being done with partners in the region to ensure that there is no contagion?
I am thinking in particular of Kosovo.
My hon.
Friend rightly raises Kosovo, a country that I have visited on several occasions and which we continue to support.
We also continue to support the important dialogue between Belgrade and Pristina and to work with EU and other counterparts on this crucial issue.
We play a crucial role in KFOR in Kosovo in promoting peace and stability.
It is important, as my hon.
Friend says, to understand the wider regional implications and to continue to work with all partners to promote peace and stability, whether that is in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in Kosovo or in responding to Russian hybrid activity.
Given the recent love-in between Washington and Moscow, it is hardly surprising that the killer in the Kremlin is encouraging all his sidekicks to stir up trouble in areas such as Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Are the Government aware of and keeping under very close scrutiny other potential areas where allies of Mr Putin can be expected to start to stir up trouble and destabilise things as part of his move, now that he is on the front foot in Ukraine?
I would not agree entirely with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation.
One only has to look at what President Trump has said in the last 24 hours on these matters to see that we are united in trying to not only find a sustainable peace in Ukraine but call out Russia on its actions and take the necessary actions.
When it comes to Russia’s activities elsewhere, as I said there is very strong Quint unity on this issue, and it was a real pleasure to be alongside American and European counterparts with a strong, united approach.
It is crucial that there is strong transatlantic unity on these issues, and we will continue to work for that with European and American partners.
The Sarajevo security conference is in a couple of months, and there will be a session on defence technology.
I have been asked along to speak about it.
NATO countries in Europe are rearming and spending increased defence budgets on investing in and developing defence technology.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our friends in Bosnia and Herzegovina are also updating their capabilities?
What message can I take to that conference?
I am glad to hear that my hon.
Friend has been invited to that conference.
It is important that we have links at a parliamentary level with countries in the western Balkans, particularly on these important matters.
I mentioned earlier that we are working, including through our presence at the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo, on investing in and strengthening the capabilities of Bosnia and Herzegovina’s armed forces, and considering how they might be deployed internationally too.
That is very important.
We will continue to work with European partners, both inside and outside NATO, to ensure that we can all collectively contribute to European defence, particularly in response to the hybrid activities and new advances in warfare we see, whether it be cyber or drone technology.
I draw Members’ attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Last November, I visited the Srebrenica memorial centre, and I am sure the Minister will share my revulsion at the fact that it had to close its doors for a short period just a few weeks ago due to the political situation there.
Before he does so, can he elaborate on the position that the United States of America has adopted in respect of Bosnia and Herzegovina and whether he views the US as a stable ally that recognises that the western Balkans are crucial to the security of Europe as a whole?
We and the United States played a crucial role in the western Balkans, particularly in achieving the Dayton peace agreement itself.
We continue to be committed to that.
As I said, there has been strong unity among the Quint, and it is important that the United States and Europe work together on these issues.
There has been a legacy of 30 years of relative stability—I say “relative” because there have been deep threats to it at different points—and we need that to continue for the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I am sure we are all committed to that.
Further to the question from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale) , and knowing how much the Minister values soft power, can he reassure the House that there will be no further cuts to the British Council or the World Service in the Balkans on his watch?
I will come back to the hon.
Lady on her specific points about British Council and the BBC World Service funding, but I have mentioned our wider development spending in the region.
While we are  having to make very difficult decisions at the moment, it is worth reflecting on the fact that through around £50 million this year from the integrated security fund and Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office official development assistance, we have continued to empower women and girls, strengthen democracy, build resilience to domestic and state threats, and promote peacebuilding and transitional justice.
We have been engaged across a range of different areas in the development and soft power space to contribute to peace and stability in the western Balkans, and in Bosnia and Herzegovina specifically.
I associate myself with the comments made about the British Council and the BBC World Service.
A few weeks ago, I had the privilege of visiting 77th Brigade, the anti-Russian-disinformation brigade based at Newbury.
Has an assessment been made of the rise of Russian misinformation and disinformation in the Republika Srpska theatre in recent months?
We heard during that meeting that Russia is increasingly using misinformation and disinformation across Ukraine, eastern Europe, and indeed the Balkans.
We are clear that Russia continues to spread lies and disinformation and misinformation not only in the western Balkans but in many other locations across Europe.
We continue to work with allies and partners—the EU and others—to challenge that.
There is a particular challenge in the western Balkans, which is why we also support efforts there to strengthen free media, journalism and civil society organisations.
In my previous role as trade envoy to the western Balkans, I visited Bosnia and Herzegovina on a number of occasions, and it was evident that though the entrepreneurial spirit was alive and well, business leaders were frustrated by the deadlocked structures that they must work in.
Our embassy is doing what it can, but can the Government take any further initiatives that could increase economic activity and trade between our two nations?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and I pay tribute to him for his work.
He and I travelled together on a number of visits to the region—including to Bosnia and Kosovo—so I am well aware of his interest and engagement there.
There are many opportunities for increased economic linkage and trade with all the countries in the region, and we continue to promote those.
Indeed, I discussed them on my recent visits to Serbia and Montenegro.
The hon.
Member is absolutely right that this is fundamentally about leadership in the region.
As I said, the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina need political leaders to focus on passing reforms and building inclusive futures, rather than exacerbating tensions as we are seeing with President Dodik in Republika Srpska, because that does not serve the people of Republika Srpska.