Many seeking asylum, including from Syria, enter the UK by illegally crossing the channel, which is, of course, completely unnecessary, as France is a safe country with a well-functioning asylum system.
In relation to those channel crossings, will the Minister accept that the Government’s plan to smash the gangs lies in tatters?
Crossings are up by 31% since the election—they are about to break 300,000—and the first three months of this year have been the worst on record.
Does the Minister accept it was a catastrophic mistake to cancel the Rwanda deterrent before it even started?
I was in Berlin last week, and the new German Government, and other European Governments, are looking to implement removals deterrents very similar to the Rwanda deterrent.
Will she now do a U-turn and implement a removals deterrent so that all illegal arrivals are rapidly removed to a safe third country?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the need to work with our partners.
My French counterpart Minister Haddad and I convened our Quint partners and the EU institutions on Friday for a joint meeting; Minister Haddad was visiting London and we took the initiative to meet our partners, because we were deeply concerned about the situation in Bosnia.
We have also  been engaging with those in the region, including Serbia and Croatia.
I, along with the special representative, the Foreign Secretary and others, will continue to do so.
As the hon.
Gentleman will realise, this is an operational matter for the Metropolitan police, and I am sure that they will provide further commentary at some point.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to Dawn and the Rugby Street Pastors for their excellent work.
Many street pastors around the country do really important work in keeping people safe and secure on nights out.
The Clerk at the Table having informed the House of the unavoidable absence of the Speaker, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I inform the House that Mr Speaker is in Ukraine at the invitation of Ruslan Stefanchuk, president of the Ukrainian Parliament, alongside Speakers from across Europe.
He will provide an update to the House on Wednesday.