In at least 50 of our towns, gangs of men have groomed and then sexually tortured little girls, with astonishing depravity.
Still, not one person has been convicted for covering up these institutionalised rapes.
Local inquiries cannot summon witnesses, are being refused by local authorities, and cannot address national policies like deportation.
Fundamentally, the Government’s plan will not cover even one in 10 of these towns.
Will the Home Secretary explain how she will choose which towns get a local inquiry and what she will say to the victims whose towns will not be included?
The shadow Minister will know that we have asked the police to reopen cases and historical investigations, because it is crucial that where there is abuse, including historical exploitation and grooming gangs, prosecutions take place and perpetrators face justice for their vile crimes.
We are supporting local inquiries and the review by Louise Casey into the scale and nature of exploitation across the country.
The shadow Minister refers to cover-ups.
We are introducing a mandatory duty to report child abuse, and we are criminalising the covering up of abuse and exploitation.
That is something I called for more than 10 years ago, and I am really sorry that the previous Government never introduced it.
What recent progress the defending democracy taskforce has made.
What recent progress the defending democracy taskforce has made.
The taskforce is driving forward work to ensure that the UK’s democracy is strengthened and protected.
This includes work to tackle the unacceptable harassment and intimidation of elected representatives.
I have recently provided detailed evidence on the taskforce’s progress to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy, and I will give evidence to Mr Speaker at a Speaker’s Conference evidence session on Wednesday.
People in Exeter want to be sure that the elections and referenda we hold are safe and secure from outside state actors who want to manipulate our politics for their own ends.
We already know that Russian disinformation on social media in many African nations is already having a huge impact on their domestic politics.
Can the Minister confirm that the taskforce will be taking into account our own Russia report and that this Government will do everything they can to defend our politics from the malign activities of external state actors?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
It is and always will be a priority to protect the UK against foreign interference.
The Government are absolutely committed to safeguarding the UK’s democratic processes and have established measures to protect it.
While there is no room for complacency, Kremlin disinformation operations largely fail here in the UK, despite their best efforts.
That is in part because of the discernment and judgment of the British public but also because of the actions of our intelligence services.
I declare an interest as a member of the Speaker’s Conference.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree that aside from the security measures that are sadly increasingly necessary to protect candidates and elected representatives, it is vital that everyone who believes in the importance of defending our democracy plays their part in doing so, and that this must include Parliament, social media companies, the traditional media, the education system, businesses, charities and civil society organisations?
That way, we can collectively create a healthier and safer environment within which our democracy can flourish.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the defence of our democracy is something that every sector of our society, business and the media need to play their part in.
I assure him that defending our democratic processes is an absolute priority for the Government, and that there is work across Departments to understand the nature and scale of harassment and intimidation of candidates and campaigners.
I assure hon.
Members across the House that the joint election security and preparedness unit will continue to co-ordinate cross-Government work on all threats, including candidate security.