May I thank the Minister for her earlier answer?
Across my constituency, from the Co-op in Dartford to the Subway on the high street and Pet & Garden Supplies on Colney Road, I hear the same frustrating tales from business owners and shopworkers about how powerless they feel to tackle shoplifting.
The measures contained in the Crime and Policing Bill to tackle that problem have just been set out and they cannot come soon enough.
Will the Minister bring hope to people across the Dartford constituency that we will turn the tide on shoplifting after it was clearly deprioritised by the Conservative party?
Again, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
When the Conservative party left office, shop theft was at a record level, up 40% in the space of two years.
The shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , now says “ZERO TOLERANCE” on shop theft, even in cases where less than £200 worth of goods has been stolen.
Yet, in the two years that he was the police and crime Minister he left that £200 limit in place, allowed thieves to escape with impunity and, in the absence of any police, said that people should make their own citizen’s arrest.
While shop thefts soared, all he had to say to the public was, basically, that they were on their own and should sort it out themselves.
Many of my constituents are exasperated by the fact that the police are unable to turn up when there is shoplifting or a burglary, yet they were able to send six officers to get  themselves involved in a dispute with a local school and to warn off local elected representatives from getting involved.
Sadly, that misallocation of resources and unwarranted police overreach is not an isolated example.
May I urge the Minister to avoid engaging in political point scoring and instead join me in sending a very clear message from both sides of this House that our expectation is that the police should be focused on solving real crimes and staying out of legitimate free expression and democratic debate?
I think it is fair to say that the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have been very clear about the priorities of this Government for tackling crime through our safer streets mission.
We want to halve violence against women and girls over the course of the next decade.
We want to halve knife crime over the course of the next decade.
We will deliver the 13,000 neighbourhood police officers back into our communities that were decimated under the previous Government.
The priorities of this Government are very clear in tackling crime and policing.
My constituent lives just 500 metres from the Tesco Express store in Eastbourne where she works.
She does not feel safe leaving as a result of the retail crime there and so gets a taxi back home in the evening.
Will the Minister explain not just what the Government can do to help protect shop workers like my constituent, but what can big business such as Tesco do to better protect the employees who do such an important role for them and for their communities?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
Clearly, legislation has been brought forward to protect retail workers from assault.
However, a good employer will want to ensure their staff are well looked after.
If there are issues about leaving work and needing to take a taxi, I am sure that good employers would want to address that and support those retail workers.