Many seeking asylum, including from Syria, enter the UK by illegally crossing the channel, which is, of course, completely unnecessary, as France is a safe country with a well-functioning asylum system.
In relation to those channel crossings, will the Minister accept that the Government’s plan to smash the gangs lies in tatters?
Crossings are up by 31% since the election—they are about to break 300,000[Official Report,  31 March 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 25.]
(Correction)—and the first three months of this year have been the worst on record.
Does the Minister accept it was a catastrophic mistake to cancel the Rwanda deterrent before it even started?
I was in Berlin last week, and the new German Government, and other European Governments, are looking to implement removals deterrents very similar to the Rwanda deterrent.
Will she now do a U-turn and implement a removals deterrent so that all illegal arrivals are rapidly removed to a safe third country?
Some 84,000 people crossed the channel from the day the Rwandan deal was signed to the day it was scrapped.
The Conservatives failed to deter a single boat or deport a single person.
Instead, they spent £700 million and sent four people—four failed asylum seekers—to start a new life in Kigali with free housing, free private healthcare and free university education, at a cost of £150,000 each.
If the right hon.
Gentleman really thinks that paying £150,000 per removed asylum seeker was an adequate answer to the challenge of small boat crossings, then I do not know what planet he is living on.
What steps her Department is taking with police forces to tackle violence against women and girls.
I join the Immigration Minister in wishing Mr Speaker well for his important trip to Ukraine.
The Government have set an unprecedented mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We have set out new measures, including the first domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms, starting the roll-out of domestic abuse protection orders, and a new national policing centre for violence against women and girls and public protection.
The Chichester-based charity My Sisters’ House gave vital wraparound trauma-informed support to 28 women in 2015.
Last year, it supported more than 1,700 women.
The charity has raised the ongoing issue of cross-allegations, whereby abusers are falsely accusing their victims as a means of keeping the control and the emotional abuse going.
What steps is the Home Secretary taking with the Justice Secretary to ensure that the system properly recognises this form of continued abuse and protects victims from being retraumatised?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue about how coercive control can manifest and how abusers can continue their abuse in different ways, including using the civil courts.
Part of the reason for introducing  the national centre for public protection is to have the best possible national standards and training, properly for the first time across policing and then working across the criminal justice system, in order to keep victims safe.
At last week’s annual police awards held by the Rochdale district of Greater Manchester police, the unsung hero award went to Jayne Ward, who is a sexual assault adviser, for her role in supporting a rape victim throughout every single day in court.
That victim was rewarded with justice, and the rapist was sent down for 12 years.
Jayne currently supports 150 sexual assault victims.
Does the Home Secretary agree that we owe a great debt of thanks to Jayne and to the police officers who help to secure such convictions?
I pay tribute to Jayne Ward for the remarkable work that she is doing to support victims of the most appalling and vile crimes, helping them to get justice and helping them as they go through the criminal justice system.
I also pay tribute to the police officers working night and day across the country to tackle sexual assault and abuse.
The ambition to halve the prevalence of violence against women and girls is a laudable one, but could the Home Secretary give the House some more information?
What number is she taking as a starting point to be halved?
When will she be able to provide more information to the House and to my Select Committee?