The Secretary of State was asked— If she will review the pause in decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
We wish Mr Speaker all the best on his extremely important visit to our parliamentary colleagues in Ukraine.
Following the fall of the Assad regime, the Home Office withdrew the country policy and information note and guidance on Syria and temporarily paused interviews and decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
This was, and remains, a necessary step that several other European countries have also taken.
The pause is under constant review, and when there is a clear basis on which to make decisions, we will start processing claims again.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree that the UK Government, together with the international community, are looking for a peaceful solution in Syria that puts the people of Syria first.
Organisations working with the Syrian communities in Scotland, such as the Scottish Refugee Council, have reported a sense of heightened anxiety among Syrians currently in the asylum system, and wonder whether people seeking protection should be kept in limbo any longer than is necessary.
There are also concerns that the pause in decision making may increase the backlog of asylum cases, contributing to the legacy backlog left by the Conservative Government.
Order.
Ms Ferguson, is there an actual question?
There certainly is.
Is my hon.
Friend able to give a timeline for her decision making?
I understand the heightened anxiety among Syrian asylum seekers, but the Home Office relies on the country information in order to make decisions on whether particular people need protection, and that information is currently in the middle of quite profound change.
When we are in a position to make decisions against new, more up-to-date information, we will certainly do so.
I hope the Syrian community will be patient and not too anxious about the pause currently in place.
How many hotels in Scotland are used to house asylum seekers?
We do not comment on where hotels are, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that there are 216 hotels across the whole country.
We will be getting those numbers down as quickly as we can.