Although I recognise that the use of facial recognition technology can lead to more offenders being caught, does the Minister accept that deployment of a permanent network of fixed cameras across Croydon represents a significant escalation in their use, which makes it all the more important that a clear legislative framework governing their use is debated and approved by Parliament?
I fully accept that there is a need to consider live facial recognition.
At the moment the law governing the use of that technology comes from various different things—human rights and equalities legislation, and other measures—and we want to see whether that should be brought together.
That is why I have been having a series of meetings over the last few months.
As I said, we will set out our plans for live facial recognition in the coming months.
Harlow police department’s recent successful trial of facial recognition has led to some arrests.
Does the Minister agree that technology can play a vital part in tackling crime but cannot be a substitute for neighbourhood policing?
Yes, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we have committed to neighbourhood policing and 13,000 additional police officers and PCSOs on all our high streets and in communities up and down the land.
Whether she has received legal advice on the compatibility of recent changes to her Department’s guidance entitled “Good character: caseworker guidance”, updated on 10 February 2025, with the 1951 refugee convention.
The hon.
Member will know that we take our international obligations very seriously.
We are satisfied that the good character policy is compliant with those obligations.
We have strengthened our policy to make it clear that anyone who enters the UK illegally, including small boat arrivals, will normally be refused British citizenship.
The good character assessment has been a feature of UK immigration law since 1981 and there has never been any suggestion, either now or in the past, that it is inconsistent with our obligations under the refugee convention or any other treaty.
One of the most shocking and egregious things this Government have done is impose a blanket ban on British citizenship for all individuals who have entered the UK irregularly, without any parliamentary scrutiny or public consultation, effectively disenfranchising  all asylum seekers and refugees, including those who have made this country their home for years.
The Refugee Council estimates that up to 71,000 refugees who have already been granted asylum could now be blocked from securing naturalisation.
The Minister knows that there are no safe routes to get to the UK, so nearly all asylum seekers have to arrive irregularly.
Surely the policy clearly breaches article 31 of the 1951 refugee convention, which prohibits penalising those seeking protection for their mode of entry?
[Interruption.]
Order.
All Members should be respectful and mindful of their language at all times.
Now we need to hear the Minister respond.