Words do little justice when trying to fully capture the

contributions BGen Stewart has made to our great Nation and to the

development of this museum from the ground up.
His talent and

leadership skills are truly second to none.
It has been an honor to

witness his efforts to memorialize the history of our beloved Sailors

and Marines in the Carolinas.
I wish BGen Stewart swift recovery and

look forward to seeing all that he accomplishes in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JERRY WEIERS

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, I would like to recognize the mayor of Glendale, Arizona,

Jerry Weiers.
Originally born in South Dakota, Mayor Weiers moved to Phoenix as a

child where he went on to serve in the Arizona House of Representatives

before becoming mayor of Glendale in 2012.
Outside of public service,

Mayor Weiers was also a proud small-business owner and family man.
During his time in both the state legislature and as mayor of

Glendale, Mayor Weiers has been a strong advocate for the military and

veterans, reduced bureaucratic red tape, and created conditions for

small businesses to thrive.
As mayor, he has created a thriving

business-sector through public-private partnerships, increased public

safety, worked toward reducing homelessness, and been a strong advocate

for Luke Air Force Base and Glendale's veterans.
His successes in public service have left a lasting impact on both

the Glendale community and the state of Arizona as a whole.
I thank him

for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOSEPH CHAPLIK

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Arizona's 8th Congressional

District, it is my

honor to recognize Arizona State Representative Joseph Chaplik from

Legislative District 3, covering the northeast valley in the Phoenix-

metro area.
For almost three decades, Joseph has been a successful business

executive.
He is the founder of Joseph Bernard Investment Real Estate,

handling more than one billion dollars of sales volume.
The Portland

Business Journal recognized him as one of the Top 40 Under 40 Business

Leaders, and he has won awards including Business Ethics Finalist and

Top Corporate Philanthropy.
As a member of the Arizona Legislature, Representative Chaplik has

sponsored many bills that reflect the values of our great state,

including proposals to enhance our border security, election integrity,

and economic freedom.
Arizona's 8th Congressional District is thankful for Representative

Chaplik's endeavors on behalf of his district and our state.
We are

fortunate to have someone of his caliber and achievements in the State

Legislature.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATALIA RUSTAND'S COMMITMENT TO COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent, Natalia

Rustand, who

worked in partnership with her peers to put together a Fight Back

Against Fentanyl PSA.
Natalia is from St. Paul Park, Minnesota.
She has proven her

commitment to combating the opioid crisis through her advocacy and work

with the Devin Norring Foundation.
The Devin Norring Foundation was

established to honor Devin's legacy and raise awareness about the

dangers of illicit drugs and fentanyl.
On April 4, 2020, Devin passed away from fentanyl poisoning.
He was

seeking relief from blackout migraines and dental pain.
He bought what

he thought was Percocet marketed by a drug dealer on Snapchat.
That

pill turned out to be 100 percent fentanyl.
Devin was 19 years old.
The Devin Norring Foundation, in partnership with Natalia, produced

an impactful and heartfelt PSA to fight back against fentanyl.
In

turning grief into activism, Natalia has shown strength and courage

beyond her years.
I am proud to have her as a constituent and an ally

in this fight against the fentanyl crisis.
I thank Natalia for demonstrating a commitment to combating the

opioid crisis.