As the team lead for the Iowa

chapter of Crisis Response Canines (CRC), a national nonprofit that

provides comfort visits and crisis response support following traumatic

incidents, she has made an indelible mark on Iowa communities and

beyond.
Her dedication to rigorous training has earned both her and her

canine partner, Jacks, the highest certifications.
Embracing the credo

``Purpose Beyond Oneself,'' she is committed to selflessly caring for

those experiencing life-altering traumatic events.
She consistently shows an unparalleled ability to mobilize swiftly in

response to crises, coordinating with operations leaders to support

those impacted by critical incidents.
During these interactions, she

and Jacks bring their healing, compassionate presence to individuals

enduring the most traumatic events of their lives.
Their deployments

include responding to the January 4, 2024, shooting in Perry, Iowa;

assisting in Minden and Greenfield, Iowa, following spring 2024

tornadoes; and most recently, aiding multiple counties in northwestern

Iowa after severe storms and flooding.
When not responding to tragic events, she and Jacks are a well-known

and respected team, visiting community organizations and attending

special events.
Her work has inspired others to join, creating a ripple effect that

strengthens the community's ability to respond to crises effectively.
The countless lives touched by her compassion and dedication serve as a

testament to the lasting impact of her volunteerism.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this

remarkable woman and Jacks for their service to the State of Iowa and

the Third Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE REPRESENTATIVE GEANIE MORRISON FOR 26 YEARS

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Honorable

Geanie W. Morrison, whose extraordinary 26-year career of public

service to the Crossroads region and the state of Texas is coming to a

close.
Throughout her 13-term career in the Texas Legislature,

Representative Morrison has exemplified dedication, leadership, and a

tireless commitment to improving the lives of all Texans.
Since her election in 1999, Representative Morrison has represented

Texas' 30th District in the Texas House of Representatives which today

includes DeWitt, Goliad, Jackson, Lavaca, Matagorda, Victoria counties.
Over the course of her tenure, she has become a trusted leader in the

Capitol and a steadfast advocate for her constituents.
Representative Morrison's legislative record is filled with notable

achievements, but one of her most profound and life-saving

contributions is her authorship of the country's first Safe Haven

``Baby Moses'' law, passed in 1999.
This legislation provides a

compassionate and responsible alternative for desperate mothers who may

otherwise feel they have no choice but to abandon their newborns.
Through the Safe Haven law, mothers are given the option to safely and

legally surrender their babies at designated locations, such as

hospitals or fire stations, without fear of prosecution.
This law has had an immeasurable impact on saving lives.
Since its

passage, hundreds of newborns across Texas have been safely

surrendered, and all 50 states have since implemented similar measures.
Thanks to Representative Morrison's initiative, countless lives have

been saved and will continue to be.
Her work in higher education has been impactful to Texas as well.
As

Chair of the House Committee on Higher Education, she played a pivotal

role in the expansion of the University of Houston-Victoria into a

four-year institution, significantly increasing access to higher

education for students in the region.
Her efforts have been recognized

by many, including the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board, which

awarded her the Leadership Star Award.
She has also been named

Legislator of the Year by the Texas Association of Student Financial

Aid Administrators and honored with the Texas Community College

Teachers Association Legislator of the Year Award.
Beyond her legislative work, Representative Morrison has always been

deeply committed to community service.