In

turning grief into activism, Natalia has shown strength and courage

beyond her years.
I am proud to have her as a constituent and an ally

in this fight against the fentanyl crisis.
I thank Natalia for demonstrating a commitment to combating the

opioid crisis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATALIA SHEVTSOVA'S COMMITMENT TO COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Natalia Shevtsova, who

worked in partnership with her peers to put together a Fight Back

Against Fentanyl PSA.
Natalia is from St. Paul, Minnesota.
Her sister, Anastasia, loved

playing the piano, singing, painting and drawing.
On April 20, 2022, Natalia lost her sister, Anastasia, to fentanyl

poisoning.
She purchased what she thought was Percocet marketed by a

dealer.
Those pills turned out to contain fentanyl.
Anastasia was 15 years old.
The Devin Norring Foundation, in partnership with Natalia, produced

an impactful and heartfelt PSA to fight back against fentanyl.
In

turning her grief into activism, Natalia has shown strength and courage

beyond her years.
I am proud to have her as an ally in this fight

against the fentanyl crisis.
I thank Natalia for sharing Anastasia's story and demonstrating a

commitment to combating the opioid crisis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SOPHIA SORIANO'S COMMITMENT TO COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sophia Soriano, who

worked in partnership with her peers to put together a Fight Back

Against Fentanyl PSA.
Sophia is from St. Paul, Minnesota.
She has proven her commitment to

combating the opioid crisis through her advocacy and work with the

Devin Norring Foundation.
The Devin Norring Foundation was established

to honor Devin's legacy and raise awareness about the dangers of

illicit drugs and fentanyl.
On April 4, 2020, Devin passed away from fentanyl poisoning.
He was

seeking relief from blackout migraines and dental pain.
He bought what

he thought was Percocet marketed by a drug dealer on Snapchat.
That

pill turned out to be 100 percent fentanyl.
Devin was 19 years old.
The Devin Norring Foundation, in partnership with Sophia, produced an

impactful and heartfelt PSA to fight back against fentanyl.
In turning

grief into activism, Sophia has shown strength and courage beyond her

years.
I am proud to have her as an ally in this fight against the

fentanyl crisis.
I thank Sophia for demonstrating a commitment to combating the opioid

crisis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SIERRA CLUB SAN FRANCISCO BAY

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th

anniversary of the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club, and

their continued dedication to conservation and environmental action and

advocacy in the Bay Area.
The Sierra Club was originally founded in 1892, and the San Francisco

Bay Chapter was established in 1924, including Alameda, San Francisco,

Contra Costa, Marin, and San Mateo counties.
Since its founding in 1924, the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the

Sierra Club has persisted in its mission to advance conservation and

environmental action in the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond.
Throughout their history, the chapter has advocated for the

preservation of natural landscapes, the protection of wildlife

habitats, and the promotion of sustainability in public policy.
Now in

2024, the Sierra Club continues its work to be a leader of climate

action and environmental justice.
Early accomplishments of the Bay Chapter include supporting the

creation of Mt. Tamalpais State Park and the East Bay Regional Park

District, a system of parks and trails throughout Alameda and Contra

Costa counties.