He

worked on programs of tremendous national security importance like the

modernization of America's nuclear triad, the F-35 Joint Strike

Fighter, the KC-46 tanker, and Intelligence Community programs.
Ultimately, Walter would assist in shepherding fifteen appropriations

bills through Congress while serving as staff on the Subcommittee on

Defense.
In the 117th Congress, I was honored to serve as the Chair of the

Defense Subcommittee during a particularly tumultuous time in America's

national security.
This Congress included the COVID-19 pandemic, the

end of the War in Afghanistan, and the beginning of Russia's full-scale

invasion of Ukraine.
I was able to be successful as Chair during the

117th Congress because of the incredible Subcommittee staff serving

with me, Walter chief among him.
As Chair, I knew I could always count

on Walter's utmost professionalism, deep wealth of knowledge, and his

best counsel, which he has always provided to Clerks and Chairs of the

Subcommittee from both parties.
His work and was critical to helping me

enact the Fiscal Year 2022 and Fiscal Year 2023 Defense Appropriation

Acts, and I will always be grateful to him for his work.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my colleagues in recognizing Walter

Hearne's achievements over 25 years working in Congress and his record

of incredible service to our Nation.
I wish him all the best in the

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JENNIFER JAIME'S COMMITMENT TO COLORADO EDUCATION

HON.
GREG LOPEZ

Mr. LOPEZ.
Mr. Speaker, Colorado native Jennifer Jaime is a testament

and great example of the hardworking students Colorado has to offer.
She is a first-generation student from metro Denver, and enrolled in CU

Denver in 2017, and participated in the Marc U-Star Program--a

scholarship program for students interested research careers and plan

in pursuing their Ph.
D's in behavioral and biomedical sciences.
Through

the MARC U-program Jennifer participated in a summer research program

at Princeton University.
She graduated in 2019 with a BA in psychology and was admitted to the

University of Michigan's competitive Neuroscience Graduate Program for

her doctorate.
Jaime received her PhD in May 2024 and has chosen to

return to Colorado for her post graduate work at CU Anschutz where she

started her post-doctoral fellowship in August 2024.
It is my distinct privilege as the United States Representative of

the 4th District of Colorado to congratulate Jennifer for her hard work

in achieving this accomplishment and I'm so glad she chose to return

home to Colorado.
Welcome home to Jennifer, and I thank her for her

example and the research she is doing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LORI CHAVEZ-DeREMER

Mrs. CHAVEZ-DeREMER.
Mr. Speaker, I was attending a funeral of a

family friend this weekend, and my flight back to DC on Monday was

severely delayed due to maintenance, causing me to miss the vote

series.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
440; YEA on Roll Call No.
441; and YEA on Roll Call No.
442.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SHELLY McLAREN

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate the exceptional work demonstrated by Shelly McLaren, who

selflessly dedicates her life to ensuring individuals feel comfort

following life-altering events across the State of Iowa and the United

States.
This remarkable woman demonstrates an exceptional volunteer

commitment to serve our communities.
As the team lead for the Iowa

chapter of Crisis Response Canines (CRC), a national nonprofit that

provides comfort visits and crisis response support following traumatic

incidents, she has made an indelible mark on Iowa communities and

beyond.
Her dedication to rigorous training has earned both her and her

canine partner, Jacks, the highest certifications.
Embracing the credo

``Purpose Beyond Oneself,'' she is committed to selflessly caring for

those experiencing life-altering traumatic events.