Throughout their history, the chapter has advocated for the

preservation of natural landscapes, the protection of wildlife

habitats, and the promotion of sustainability in public policy.
Now in

2024, the Sierra Club continues its work to be a leader of climate

action and environmental justice.
Early accomplishments of the Bay Chapter include supporting the

creation of Mt. Tamalpais State Park and the East Bay Regional Park

District, a system of parks and trails throughout Alameda and Contra

Costa counties.
In the decades that followed, the chapter played a key

role in the creation of landmark legislation such as the Wilderness Act

of 1964, the Save the Bay movement of the mid-'60s, and the creation of

McLaughlin Eastshore State Park in Berkeley, California.
In more recent years, the Bay Chapter has focused on addressing

pressing environmental challenges such as climate change and urban

sprawl.
Through grassroots organizing, advocacy campaigns, and

community outreach, the Sierra Club has worked to promote renewable

energy, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and advocate for sustainable

land use policies.
The Bay Chapter balances its important campaign

priorities with a love of the outdoors, encouraging community members

to experience the outdoors for themselves through one of their vibrant

activity groups.
The Bay Chapter's commitment to environmental justice and equitable

access to nature is a central part of its mission.
From tree-planting

campaigns in Oakland to passing Climate Literacy resolutions in local

school districts, the Sierra Club aims to create a Bay Area where the

outdoors and healthy, livable communities are available to all.
I honor the San Francisco Bay Chapter of the Sierra Club for a

century of environmental advocacy and critical service to our

community.
Their legacy of leadership and commitment to action will

inspire positive change in California's 12th Congressional District and

beyond for years to come.
Here's to many more years of inspiring

dedication to exploring, enjoying, and protecting our environment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR.
WALTER HEARNE TO THE U.S. CONGRESS AND THE

HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to an exemplary

staff member of the House Committee on Appropriations, Mr. Walter

Hearne, as he retires from Federal Government service this year.
For twenty-five years, Walter has served the U.S. Congress with

distinction.
He began his career in 1999 as a Staff Assistant with the

Senate Budget Committee where he developed an affinity for the federal

budget process.
In 2002, he transitioned to the U.S. House of

Representatives, and the House Committee on Appropriations, where he

served for several years as professional staff on the Subcommittee on

Treasury, Postal Service, and General Government and the Subcommittee

on Transportation and the Treasury.
In 2004, Walter began working on funding our national security when

he joined the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans

Affairs.
For seven years, Walter worked to pass annual appropriations

bills that improved the quality of life for service members and their

families including improvements in medical care, housing, and child

development centers.
At the height of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan,

Walter also worked to pass several supplemental appropriations bills in

support of ongoing military operations in the U.S. Central Command area

of responsibility.
In 2011, Walter brought his national security and appropriations

experience to the Subcommittee on Defense, where he would work for the

next fourteen years.
On the Subcommittee, Walter primarily served as

the professional staff member in charge of the Air Force portfolio.
He

worked on programs of tremendous national security importance like the

modernization of America's nuclear triad, the F-35 Joint Strike

Fighter, the KC-46 tanker, and Intelligence Community programs.
Ultimately, Walter would assist in shepherding fifteen appropriations

bills through Congress while serving as staff on the Subcommittee on

Defense.
In the 117th Congress, I was honored to serve as the Chair of the

Defense Subcommittee during a particularly tumultuous time in America's

national security.