Title: FRIENDSHIP HOSE COMPANY NO.
1; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
149

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FRIENDSHIP HOSE COMPANY NO.
1

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize the historic

Friendship Hose Company No.
1 on its 150th Anniversary.
The Friendship Hose Company No.
1 has provided fire protection dating

back to the 1830s--with the purchase of a fire engine called ``Juno''--

originating in Newville Pennsylvania.
Formally established on January

14, 1874, the then-Newville Fire Company officially formed and elected

its first officers.
Facing the continuous challenges of staffing and

funding, the Friendship Hose Company No.
1 endured and prevailed when

other fire companies fell short.
Over the past 150 years, the Friendship Hose Company No.
1 has

operated out of three locations in our community, has had hundreds of

members, and currently operates with approximately 20-25 active

volunteers.
Under the current leadership of President Trent Wagner and

Fire Chief David Bobb, the Company continues to serve our community

through tireless service and heroic work in fire protection.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to recognize the Friendship

Hose Company No.
1 on their 150th Anniversary.
Their selfless and

tireless service to the community, Commonwealth, and Nation is the

standard by which we should all be judged.
I wish them Godspeed in

their continued endeavors and pray for their safety and security for

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRIGADIER GENERAL KEVIN STEWART

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brigadier General

Kevin Stewart, the first President and CEO of the Carolina Museum of

the Marine.
BGen Stewart, an Iraq and Afghanistan War veteran, has

served our Nation and his community with great honor and integrity.
He

retired from the Marine Corps in 2021 as the Director of the Global

Operations Center at U.S. Transportation Command.
He also served as the

Commanding General of the 2nd Marine Logistics Group at Marine Corps

Base Camp Lejeune, as well as Chief of Staff for the Deputy Commandant

for Installations and Logistics, at the United States Marine Corps

headquarters.
In his two years as CEO, BGen Stewart has demonstrated remarkable

fundraising and marketing prowess.
He secured $4 million from the state

government, over $1.9 million in private sector donations, and

additional funds from the city and county governments.
He also launched

the first regional TV and live-streaming ad campaign for the Carolina

Museum of the Marine.
BGen Stewart implemented the organization's first

brand guidelines and upgraded the website.
Under his leadership, the Carolina Museum of the Marine is coming to

life.
BGen Stewart is to be commended for assembling a team of

outstanding design and construction firms and finalizing the necessary

approvals for the museum.
The official groundbreaking earlier this year

celebrated the start of museum construction, and you can now see the

walls going up as you drive by the Lejeune Memorial Gardens.
To support

this physical progress, he also strengthened the museum's organization,

building a top-notch staff, improving fiscal management, and planning

for its operations.
This transformational project is becoming so much more than just a

museum and far surpassing traditional expectations.
BGen Stewart led

development of the Carolina Museum of the Marine's Al Gray Marine

Leadership Forum that teaches the core values of the Marine Corps,

strategic thinking, and leadership traits.
He oversaw construction of

the studio for the Leadership Forum and helped to shape the compelling

programming created there.
Words do little justice when trying to fully capture the

contributions BGen Stewart has made to our great Nation and to the

development of this museum from the ground up.
His talent and

leadership skills are truly second to none.
It has been an honor to

witness his efforts to memorialize the history of our beloved Sailors

and Marines in the Carolinas.