JUNE 4 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department.
SD-192 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine dismantling transnational criminal organizations in the Americas.
SD-419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the reauthorization of the over-the-counter monograph drug user fee program.
SD-430 10:15 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SH-216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine China's malign influence in Africa.
SD-419 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, and Donald Bergin III, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Congressional and Legislative Affairs), both SR-418 4:15 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine the aging farm workforce, focusing on America's vanishing family farms.
SH-216 JUNE 5 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
SD-G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Sean Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be National Cyber Director, Robert Law, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, James Percival, of Florida, to be General Counsel, and Sean Plankey, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, all of the Department of Homeland Security, Kevin Rhodes, of Florida, to be Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, and James Woodruff II, of Florida, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board.
SD-342 10 a.m.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Penny Schwinn, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary, and Kimberly Richey, of Texas, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, both of the Department of Education, and Daniel Aronowitz, of Virginia, and David Keeling, of Kentucky, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor.
SD-430 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine barriers to supply chain modernization and factor productivity enhancements.
CHOB-210 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1829, to combat the sexual exploitation of children by supporting victims and promoting accountability and transparency by the tech industry, and the nominations of Stanley Woodward, Jr., of the District of Columbia, and Thomas Gaiser, of Ohio, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, Ronald A. Parsons, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota, and David Charles Waterman, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice, Joseph Edlow, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, and John Squires, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
SH-216 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1397, to require the Secretary of State to establish a quantum cooperation program to enhance international cooperation in quantum information science, S. 1463, to allow the Secretary of the Interior to enter into memoranda of understanding for the purpose of scientific and technical cooperation in the mapping of critical minerals and rare earth elements, S. 1478, to provide the United States Government with additional tools to deter state and non-state actors from wrongfully detaining United States nationals for political leverage, S. 1579, to provide for the treatment of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), and the Pacific Islands Forum (PIF) as international organizations for purposes of the International Organizations Immunities Act, S. 1731, to require the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense to develop a strategy in response to the global basing intentions of the People's Republic of China, S. 1780, to provide for congressional oversight of security assistance to Mexico, S. 1801, to facilitate the development of a whole-of-government strategy for nuclear cooperation and nuclear exports, S. Res. 227, condemning Hamas for its premeditated, coordinated, and brutal terrorist attacks on October 7, 2023, against Israel and demanding that Hamas immediately release all remaining hostages and return them to safety, an original bill entitled, ``Defending International Security by Restricting Unlawful Partnerships and Tactics (''DISRUPT``) Act, and an original bill entitled, ``Taiwan Non-Discrimination Act of 2025''.
S-116