Cat is a dedicated public servant who has offered years of service to

her community.
A Fairfield native, she stepped up to serve on the

Fairfield City Council in 2008, following a career as a journalist.
Cat's work on the City Council, and current service as Mayor, have

helped make life better for the residents of Fairfield, including

through reducing gang violence and working to address homelessness.
As

a member of the National Conference of Mayors, Cat serves on a task

force aimed at finding solutions to homelessness for populations in

need across our county.
In addition to her work as an elected official,

Cat offers her own time in service to her community.
She has been

involved with countless organizations serving youth and those in need,

including Girls of the Run, Boy Scouts, and local youth sports

programs.
Cat also makes a point of reaching out to those living in

homeless encampments, helping them to find the support they need while

working toward a more permanent solution.
She is an impactful leader

who has offered her time and resources in service to her community.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Mayor Catherine Moy for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: TECHNICAL SERGEANT CALLIE ABERIN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Technical Sergeant Callie Aberin as she is honored as

one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Callie enlisted in the United States Air Force in 2012 and now serves

as a Technical Sergeant at Travis Air Force Base.
She was selected as a

Senior Instructor at the Air Mobility Command's largest Airman

Leadership School, where she educates, mentors, and certifies front-

line supervisors on leadership skills, interpersonal skills, and

behavioral theory.
Her leadership in these positions have fortified

strategic objectives in the personnel of Travis AFB.
In addition to her

official duties, Callie serves as the local Air Force Sergeant's

Association Chapter President, and advocates for improved quality of

life and economic fairness for all military personnel.
Under her

leadership, this organization surpassed membership goals by 217

percent.
This community service has extended beyond Travis AFB and into

the surrounding community where she has helped raise money for causes

such as the Solano County Law Enforcement Torch Run and the Special

Olympics.
Callie was recognized as an NCO of the Year for the 60th Air

Mobility Wing, Travis AFB Instructor of the Year in 2022, and ASFA's

2023 International NCO of the Year.
Callie's dedication to her

community and her country deserves recognition, as she goes above and

beyond her official responsibilities to advocate for military

personnel.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Callie Aberin for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ALLISON ELIZABETH KENNEDY

HON.
MARK E. GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today in

honor of the life and legacy of Allison Elizabeth Kennedy, a devoted

mother, beloved wife, cherished daughter, and follower of Christ.
Allison is remembered by those who knew her best as a woman with a

servant's heart; the first to volunteer, the first to help, the first

to pick up the phone.
Throughout her life, Allison graciously shared

the love and joy obtained through a deep and abiding faith with those

around her.
No one who met her was ever surprised to find that she was

a woman of faith; she exuded her love for God in all that she did.