Title: CELEBRATING THE WORK OF BO SHUFF; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
165

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE WORK OF BO SHUFF

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise to recognize the

indefatigable work of Bo Shuff, who recently stepped down as Executive

Director of DC Vote after seven years.
At DC Vote, Bo helped lead the

movement to make the District of Columbia the 51st state and to prevent

Congress from interfering in D.C.'s local affairs.
I have worked

closely with Bo on these efforts.
During Bo's tenure at DC Vote, the House of Representatives twice

passed my bill, the Washington, D.C. Admission Act, that would make

D.C. a state.
Those are the only two times in history either chamber of

Congress has passed the D.C. statehood bill.
Bo has been involved in campaigns and advocacy since 2000, when he

worked on behalf of then-Vice President Al Gore as part of the Florida

Coordinate Campaign.
In 2002, he worked on the statewide coordinated

effort to re-elect then-U.S. Senator Tom Harkin and then-Governor and

now-Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.
In 2003, Bo worked in more than

30 states for the Human Rights Campaign to pass equality legislation

and to elect candidates who supported LGBTQ rights.
Bo has also worked for the Congressional Progressive Caucus, serving

as Chief of Staff of its foundation, what is now the Progressive Caucus

Center.
In 2013, Bo became Campaign Manager for the mayoral campaign of

now-D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser.
After that successful campaign, Bo became

Executive Director of DC Vote.
I ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the

important contributions of Bo Shuff to the District of Columbia and the

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FLANNER HOUSE'S 125TH CELEBRATION ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, today I rise in celebration of

the 125th anniversary of Flanner House.
Located in Indiana's 7th Congressional District, Flanner House was

founded in 1903 as a community center for Indianapolis' African-

American community.
Today, the organization is central to the

surrounding community, serving the whole family with programming like

the Child Development Center, Center for Working Families, and an

Elders Center.
The organization has implemented innovative solutions to

problems our community faces, including a Food Justice Initiative that

led to the opening Cleo's Bodega Grocery and Cafe, and Flanner Farms.
These efforts provide healthy, affordable, and culturally appropriate

produce to address food insecurity while employing young people and

neighbors.
Flanner House also continues to feed the soul by celebrating

Black history, culture, and talent through the Ujamaa Bookstore and

other community-strengthening programming featuring Black artists,

scholars, and musicians.
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our gratitude and

best wishes to an organization that has created immeasurable change.
Organizations like Flanner House care deeply about their community and

the people they serve.
I extend my heartfelt congratulations on this

milestone anniversary and wish Flanner House many more years of

success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KRISTEN BENNETT

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to honor Ms.

Kristen Bennett for her invaluable work as a Congressional Intern

serving in my Hendersonville office.
I would like to take this

opportunity to thank her for her hard work and recognize the meaningful

contributions she made at the office this year.
Interns work with staff to serve constituents in North Carolina's

11th Congressional district.
Kristen was chosen from a competitive pool

of applicants and exceeded every expectation.
It was a pleasure to work with Kristen, and I am proud to have such

an intelligent and ambitious intern representing my office.
Kristen

exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the best that

Western North Carolina has to offer.