She may be gone from this earth, but her

legacy will live on, especially in the lives of her two beloved sons.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FIRE CHIEF JOSEPH M. CLUCHEY FOR HIS SERVICE AND RETIREMENT

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize Fire

Chief Joseph M. Cluchey on his over 42 years of service to the Illinois

fire community as he begins his well-deserved retirement.
Mr. Cluchey began as an on-call firefighter in the South Elgin Fire

Department and worked as a contract paramedic in the St. Charles Fire

Department in 1981 before becoming a career firefighter.
He worked hard

and made his way up the ranks to become fire chief for the South Elgin

and Countryside Fire Protection District.
He valiantly served in this

capacity for 12 years before suffering an injury from a roof collapse,

which caused him to retire from South Elgin in 2014.
After his retirement from South Elgin, he took on a leadership role

as the statewide operations chief for Mutual Aid Box Alarm System.
In

that capacity, Chief Cluchey served countless communities statewide

through the organization's non-discriminatory mutual aid response

system for fire, EMS, and specialized incident operational teams.
In November of 2016, after a nationwide search Mr. Joseph M. Cluchey

was sworn in as Fire Chief of the Elburn & Countryside Fire Protection

District.
The district currently operates out of three stations which

serve all or portions of ten communities including 2 large subdivisions

located in the 11th Congressional district of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am proud to represent the community of

Elburn, Illinois and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Fire

Chief Joseph M. Cluchey for his over 42 years of dedication and fire

service to the community and wish him a happy retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WASCO WOMAN'S CLUB

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

Wasco Woman's Club on their 100-year anniversary and to thank them for

their significant contributions to the Wasco community.
Founded in

1923, the Wasco Woman's Club was started by 13 young women who joined

together to improve Wasco through volunteer service.
Their unwavering

commitment to public service has guided their mission over the past

century.
The Wasco Woman's Club now has approximately 40 members, many

of whom are active in other non-profits and faith-based organizations

in the community.
The club is passionate about the well-being of the

city's residents and focuses many of their efforts on strengthening

local schools, libraries, and youth programs.
For a century, the Wasco Woman's Club has offered a chance for women

community.
The club is a strong supporter of the Ronald McDonald House

and Toys for Tigers organization, helping children and their families

get through incredibly difficult situations.
Additionally, the club

hosts regular events for those in the community, including the Wasco

High School Student Art and Photography Awards and the Christmas with

Santa Event for special needs students.
The club is also the proud

owner of the oldest adobe building in the city, which they use to host

special events and community gatherings.
Amid all of their work, the

members of the Wasco Woman's Club are committed to uplifting each other

through their long-standing friendships and shared commitment to the

betterment of the community.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask all my colleagues in the House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating the Wasco Woman's Club on

their 100-year anniversary.
Their work to enrich the community of Wasco

will be felt for generations to come.