On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Claudia Jimenez for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: COURTNEY TINDALL

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Courtney Tindall as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Courtney serves as a Senior Dependency Drug Court Case Manager for

the Solano County Superior Court.
In this role, she advocates for those

who suffer from substance use disorder and has graduated hundreds of

parents who have regained custody of their children.
She is committed

to helping those struggling with substance use disorder become sober

and better their lives.
Every day, she displays compassion and empathy

as she advocates for children and families.
Courtney has an unfailing

commitment to her work and to reuniting families.
She has received

numerous awards for her work, including the Superior Court of

California Customer Service Award, the California Bar Association Court

Staff Award, the Child Abuse Prevention Council Henry Bergh Award for

Practitioner of the Year, and Henry Bergh Award for Outstanding

Contributions in the Dependency Drug Court and Support of Child Abuse

Prevention, Intervention, and Treatment Efforts, The work Courtney does

has touched the lives of countless vulnerable individuals and helped

them make change for the better.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Courtney Tindall for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: DEBRA MASON

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Debra Mason as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Debra is the current Executive Director of the Bay Point Community

Foundation and the Bay Point Municipal Advisory Council, where she has

served for many years.
Over the years, she has worked for after-school

programs and served on the Mt. Diablo School Board, and today she

continues to be a fierce advocate for students, parents, schools, and

her community.
She has pushed for public safety, nutrition assistance,

after school education, and community engagement in schools.
Continuing

her work with education, she is also a California School Age Consortium

Board Member.
Her dedication, service, and work ethic has been an

invaluable benefit to the local community.
One example of a lasting

impact that she has made on the community is establishing the Bay Point

Branch of the Contra Costa County Public Library.
Debra has been

committed to addressing issues that she cares about and is always

willing to take action and help others.
Debra has been involved with

countless community offices and committees where her leadership has

improved our local schools and broader community.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Debra Mason for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: EBONY ANTOINE

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Ebony Antoine as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
As a victim of gun violence herself, Ebony founded a nonprofit,

Broken By Violence, to help families like hers heal after being

impacted by gun violence.
Broken By Violence has provided services to

hundreds of families, including rental assistance, food assistance,

emergency housing, mental health service referrals, and monthly healing

spaces for survivors.