Kristen was chosen from a competitive pool

of applicants and exceeded every expectation.
It was a pleasure to work with Kristen, and I am proud to have such

an intelligent and ambitious intern representing my office.
Kristen

exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the best that

Western North Carolina has to offer.
I congratulate her on the

successful completion of her internship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: CHERYL SUDDUTH

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Cheryl Sudduth as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional Districts Women of the Year.
Cheryl is involved with numerous organizations that aim to improve

the status of marginalized people in her community.
As a Senior

Director for Goodwill's AbilityOne program, she oversaw the building of

thousands of fair housing units in Alameda County.
Through this

program, Cheryl also created programs that employ and train thousands

of people who are traditionally excluded from the job market.
Veterans,

disabled individuals, formerly incarcerated people, and people

returning to the workforce have benefitted from Cheryl's work.
She has

also been involved with Alliance 4 Girls, a local program providing

mentorship to young girls to give them a space to grow and thrive.
Through this program and others, Cheryl has personally mentored

hundreds of girls in her community.
In addition, she has served on a

variety of boards and commissions, including the West County Wastewater

District, Contra Costa Racial Oversight Body, ACLU, and NAACP.
She also

gives her time to a variety of organizations, ranging from racial

justice, education, the environment, public safety, and much more.
She

has received numerous awards and recognitions for her considerable

contributions to the community at-large.
Cheryl's commitment to her

community and improving all different aspects of public life serves as

an inspiration to all who know her.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Cheryl Sudduth for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: CLAUDIA JIMENEZ

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Claudia Jimenez as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Claudia has dedicated her life to serving the community of Richmond

and is a current member of the Richmond City Council, serving the 6th

District.
As such, she is not only a proponent for positive social

change but also a leader in her community.
She has worked throughout

her city to bring about transformative programs in areas such as

affordable housing and homelessness.
Claudia is known for forging

alliances between key stakeholders across diverse communities.
Her

background as an immigrant from Colombia has helped shape her

motivations as a community organizer.
Trained as an architect in

Colombia, she moved to Richmond in 2009, took English language classes,

did volunteer work to practice her skills, and earned a Master of

Environmental Planning from UC Berkeley.
Claudia accomplished all this

while caring for two children and still found time to lead campaigns

and volunteer with other mothers in her neighborhood.
Now as a Richmond

City Councilmember, she is even more committed to improving the lives

affordable places to live in the Bay Area.
Her commitment to her

community and improving all different aspects of public life is an

inspiration to all who know her.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Claudia Jimenez for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: COURTNEY TINDALL

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.