I wish you a restful recess, Mr Speaker.
I put on the record my hopes that the Lionesses do very well in the forthcoming World cup.
Congratulations to the women’s English cricket team on a strong performance, and good luck to the men’s cricket team in trying to pull off a great Ashes comeback.
I just hope that the Manchester rain holds off.
Despite the teams’ successes on the international stage, the ICEC report showed that there is a lot to do to increase diversity and participation in cricket.
It found that English cricket suffers from sexism, elitism and racism.
Do the Government understand that they also have a role to play in addressing those serious findings?
For example, what discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Education about increasing  the take-up of cricket in state schools and ensuring better access to pitches, equipment and coaching?
Also, does he agree—I am sure he does—that it is about time that the women’s team had as much access to Lord’s cricket ground as Eton and Harrow?
I join the hon.
Lady in wishing the men and women’s England cricket teams all the very best, and thanking them for what they have done so far, as well as the Lionesses.
I am very fortunate that I will be off to Australia on Monday to wave the flag in support of them.
[Interruption.]
It is a very difficult job, but someone has to do it.
On the serious point that the hon.
Lady raises, she is absolutely right.
On the day of the publication of the report, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State met with the England and Wales Cricket Board.
We have said that we will be following the development of its plan very carefully.
The hon.
Lady is right that we need to see more access to facilities for women and girls, not just at Lord’s but right across the country.
What assessment she has made of the effect of increases in the cost of living on the charity sector.
The Government understand that cost of living pressures are impacting many in the charity sector, which is facing increased demand, reduced income and high running costs.
That is why the Government announced a funding package of just over £100 million for community organisations in England.
As the SNP spokesperson, I am more than happy to swallow my principles and join the Minister on that flight to Australia on Monday.
According to the Charities Aid Foundation, more than a third of charities have had to make cuts to their services due to the harm that the Tory cost of living crisis has wrought on their finances.
Three in five Scottish charities are worried about struggling to survive.
Only this Government have the financial powers to intervene, yet they refuse to do so.
Are the Government content to let charities, which all too often ameliorate the failures of the state, fail too?
I simply do not recognise that situation.
I have just announced that we have given £100 million, and some of it was Barnetted.
I have not heard anything from the Scottish Government about what they are going to do for Scottish charities.
Maybe they should follow our example.
The plight of so many charities would be significantly improved if the Secretary of State were to raise the cap on postcode lottery sales, would it not?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been campaigning hard on this issue, and we had a Westminster Hall debate on it very recently.
I have committed to  looking at some of the structures, but we need to see more evidence that the limits already there are not being reached at the moment.
I will certainly keep the matter under review.
What steps she is taking to support skills and training in the creative industries.
The creative industries sector vision sets out how we will support individuals to get the skills they need to work in the industry.
From schools to T-levels, and from apprenticeships to returners, our ambition is to support 1 million more jobs in the creative industries by 2030.
Yesterday I co-chaired a roundtable with the Education Secretary to improve flexi-job apprenticeships in the sector.
Last week the cultural education plan’s expert advisory panel met for the first time, and procurement for creative skills bootcamps are now live.
I commend my right hon.
Friend on the recent creative industries sector vision, which will help to build a pipeline of talent that will underpin the creative industries.
Does she agree that it is vital that we invest in building the skills throughout the country, recognising that many of the growth sectors within the industry are outside London?
That is right.
We know that creative businesses flourish in geographic clusters, from games in Leamington Spa to fashion in Leeds, and we have already announced that we will invest a further £50 million in at least six new clusters, creating new centres of excellence that will act as magnets for inward investment and talent.
Last night was the summer reception of UK Music, and I was there as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on music, along with the shadow Secretary of State and the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee.
If Ministers had been able to come, they would have heard an appeal for more education in the creative sectors in our schools and for more support for our grassroots venues, which are the research and development of the creative industries, particularly the music industry, and which are suffering from a crisis at the moment.
What more are the Government going to do to support education at that level so that skills and training in our creative industries can enable them to keep flourishing into the future?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman read the sector vision, which included £5 million in additional funding for grassroots music venues—something we discussed at the Select Committee.
We, too, think it is important to have those creative subjects in school; that is why art, design and music are already in the national curriculum and remain compulsory in all maintained schools up to the age of 14.
But that is not all we are doing.
He mentioned music, which is incredibly important.
That is why we have our new joint national plan for music education, including £25 million of funding for musical instruments and equipment for schools, and, as  I mentioned, we had our first meeting of the cultural education panel, which is looking at how we can ensure we help young people to get more creativity both in and outside school to ensure we have that creative excellence.