At the weekend I visited Brumby gymnastics club, where I met Gail and Rick Brady.
They have been volunteering at the club for 40 years, making a tremendous contribution to the community in Scunthorpe.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating and thanking them for that work?
Will she also support a debate in Government time so that we can recognise and support the people who do such fantastic work in our communities?
I am sure we all join my hon.
Friend in thanking Rick and Gail for their incredible work for her constituents over many decades.
She is right to praise the contribution that volunteers make to our communities, and the Government also value that, which was one of the driving forces behind the Points of Light award.
If my hon.
Friend applies for a debate, I am sure that it would be well attended, with lots of pats on backs for the many thousands of volunteers who do such great work in their communities day in, day out.
As we go into recess, I have been struck by the number of right hon.
and hon.
Members who have told me that they intend to take their summer holidays in Orkney and Shetland this year.
I am sure that, like the rest of the world, they are attracted by our breathtaking scenery, our wildlife, our birdlife, our world heritage sites and our quality local food and drink offering.
I fear that we are also attractive to MPs because in so many parts of the Northern Isles, they will not be bothered by their mobile phone ringing.
It is great for holidaying MPs, but it is a bit of a pain for the rest of us, so when we come back in September, can we have an update from her ministerial colleagues on the shared rural network scheme?
I congratulate the right hon.
Member on providing a wonderful advert for any Members who are not planning on holidaying in his constituency and reasons
why they should.
He raises a serious matter, and I will certainly ensure that the two Departments that are most relevant to this have heard what he said.
Darlington rotary club will be celebrating its centenary this year.
The club has contributed significantly to our local community and I praise it for all the work it does.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Darlington rotary club on its centenary and will she find time for us to have a debate on the significant and tangible impact of rotary in our communities across the UK?
My hon.
Friend is right about the incredible contribution that rotary clubs make, and not just to work in the UK—if we were to draw up a list of organisations that have helped to eradicate polio around the world, rotary clubs would be at the top of it, having enabled vaccination programmes to take place all over the world.
I understand that he is a Rotarian, as is our Prime Minister at the same rotary club as him, so I think the centenary party will be quite something.