Will the commission look closely at the fact that Members of this House have television programmes?
I was invited on to a television programme by two Members of this House, and I did not accept that invitation.
There is surely something wrong with Members in this House asking questions at the same time as they are running very political campaigns on television.
What will the hon.
Gentleman do about that?
The point is well made.
As I have said, the Committee has not discussed this matter with the commission, but I am sure that the comments made by hon.
Members will be heard.
As I offered to  the hon.
Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) , I am sure that if the hon.
Member for Huddersfield wanted to discuss this matter further with the commission, it would be more than happy to meet him.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked— What recent steps the Church of England has taken to participate in the community sponsorship scheme.
I am able to reassure my right hon.
Friend that the Church remains closely involved with the Ukraine community sponsorship scheme.
Many bishops and churchgoers and hundreds of clergy have opened their homes to host Ukrainian evacuees.
That is reassuring, given the wind-up that the bishops raised in the House of Lords over the Illegal Migration Bill.
What more can the Church do to encourage people to support and take in Ukrainians?
The Church of England is developing a new strategy for community sponsorship, building on the launch of community sponsorship in 2016 by Amber Rudd, when Home Secretary, and the Archbishop of Canterbury at Lambeth Palace.
The Church will continue to use its presence in every community to raise the profile of community sponsorship, as it has been demonstrated to work well for all concerned.
The hon.
Member for Midlothian, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— Whether the Committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the transparency of political donations from overseas.
The Committee has not had a recent discussion with the commission on that issue.
The commission publishes information about donations to ensure transparency, and it has powers to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
It has highlighted that the political finance system is vulnerable to unlawful influence from donations overseas and in the UK, and it has recommended that parties should be required to know not just who a donor is but where the money for the donation is coming from.
It has also recommended that parties have policies in place to manage the risk of receiving money from unlawful sources.
The commission has said that parties should not be permitted to accept donations from companies that exceed their profits made in the UK.
The executive director of Spotlight on Corruption, Susan Hawley, says that the Tory UK Government’s “abject failure” to take decisive action on overseas donations is concerning our allies.
She also says that elections are at risk of interference from Russia and other hostile states after the Government opposed the move to require political parties to verify and disclose the source of political donations.
What steps is the commission taking to prevent overseas donations from hostile states that undermine electoral law?
Has the commission asked the security services to undertake a review of political finance?
Speaking as a representative of the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, it would be a matter for the security services to make a full assessment of whether unlawful foreign money has been used to campaign in UK elections.
However, political parties must report when they are given an unlawful donation and return it to the donor.
In addition, the commission carries out checks on permissibility on a sample of donations and has the power to sanction  political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
The commission has said that it takes all possible steps within the current regulatory framework to prevent unlawful foreign money from entering UK politics, and it publishes information about donations to ensure transparency.
It has the powers to sanction, but it cannot take enforcement actions against organisations based outside the UK.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure that voters can have greater confidence in political finance in the UK.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked— What discussions the Church of England has had with churches in Uganda following the passage of the Anti-Homosexuality Act 2023 in that country.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has written directly to Archbishop Kaziimba of Uganda reminding him of the commitment made by the Anglican communion to treat every person with the care and respect they deserve as children of God and that the communion opposes the criminalisation of LGBT+ people.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said that the Act was a fundamental departure from the commitment to uphold the freedom and dignity of all people; it was not in our resolutions, not in our teachings and not in the Gospel of Jesus we share together.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his response and for the concern shared by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
What more can the Church say to Anglicans across the UK who do not in any way, shape or form believe the death penalty for any crime is compatible with Christian teaching, and to those members of the LGBT community who are rightly horrified by events in Uganda?
I very much understand my hon.
Friend’s concern on this issue, which is shared by many others.
As I am sure he knows, each province of the Anglican communion is autonomous.
In 2016, however, the primates in the Anglican communion reaffirmed the rejection of criminal sanctions against same sex-attracted people and committed to respecting the dignity and value of every person.
It is hard to see how the position taken by the Church of Uganda aligns with the 2016 agreement.
If the Church of England will make an assessment of the potential merits of refusing to ordain clergy who do not personally recognise the ordination of women as diocesan bishops.
The Church of England is fully committed to all orders of ministry being open equally to all without reference to gender.
The Church is also committed to ensuring that those who cannot in good  conscience receive the ministry of women priests or bishops are able to flourish; the five guiding principles of the House of Bishops are the basis for this mutual flourishing and all candidates for ordination have to assent to them.
It is now 29 years since we had the first woman priest and nine years since the first female bishop was appointed in our established Church of England.
It therefore seems to me that there have been many years to adapt to treating women as equals in the sight of God.
Given that, is it really appropriate for the Church of England to continue appointing clergy, as happened recently in Blackburn, who have not accepted and who will never personally accept the ordination of women?
I can tell the right hon.
Lady that a new body was established last year to review how the five guiding principles are being understood, implemented and received in the Church and that it has a balanced membership of bishops, clergy and laity who reflect all views on these matters.