Over the last 10 days, we have seen the BBC embroiled in a lengthy bout of self-analysis over accusations made about Huw Edwards.
For days, the story led every bulletin and I refused all requests for comment; I felt I did not know enough detail.
I am glad I took that stance.
The BBC has announced an investigation, but the police have now said there was no criminality, as originally claimed by The Sun.
What does the Secretary of State think the lessons might be?
Perhaps politicians should exercise more caution before issuing condemnations about developing stories; maybe we should remember to treat any story in The Sun with extreme caution.
Given this further example of intrusive prurience, we could all remind ourselves of why there was once widespread agreement about having an independent press regulator with teeth, something the Conservatives once supported, before getting frightened off by powerful press barons.
I say to the hon.
Gentleman that, first, this was a matter for the BBC.
Although the Secretary of State and I did ask to be kept informed by the BBC, it was a matter for the organisation itself and, as he has suggested, it has established an internal inquiry to find out whether there are any lessons to be learned.
With regard to The Sun, it is of course a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation, which has a code, and if there have been breaches of the code, then that is a matter for IPSO to adjudicate on.
What recent discussions she has had with the BBC board on changes to local radio services.
We recognise the strength of feeling about the importance of BBC local services and we remain disappointed that the BBC is planning to reduce parts of its local radio output.
This is a matter for the BBC, but Ministers have raised our concerns about the BBC’s plans previously, and we will discuss this issue with the interim chair and the director general at the next opportunity.
I think that we all thought that digital technology was meant to expand choice.
However, in recent times, we have seen post office, bank and rail ticket office closures, and the BBC is using the same arguments to justify the managed decline of local radio.
I saw today that we have been told by the BBC that it wants to reach 50% of the population with its TV, radio and online services after its digital plan is carried out.
But I have seen in the annual report that it says that it is already at 50%, so why is it using that as a justification for the vandalism of local radio?
The BBC obviously needs to take account of the fact that more and more people are accessing content online and digitally, and therefore it has decided to invest more in that area.
However, it is one that is already well provided for, particularly in the area of local news.
It is important that the BBC does not lose sight of the fact that there are still a significant number of people who rely on traditional broadcasting and value local radio.
As I have made clear, the Government are disappointed by the BBC’s decision to reduce local radio output.