I begin by thanking you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and Mr Speaker’s whole team for all your support this year.
It has been much appreciated.
Speaking in the second Sir David Amess summer Adjournment debate is a huge privilege for me.
It is wonderful to hear so many warm wishes and memories, which I know are of great comfort to Lady Amess and the whole family.
Many people have said to me, “When is a plaque going to go up in this Chamber to commemorate Sir David?”.
I am delighted to tell the House that that plaque has now been designed.
It is nearly ready.
I know we are not allowed to use props, and I will not, but I want to tell the House that if anyone wants to come and see the plaque, it is extremely beautiful.
I have a copy on the Bench here.
The motto says, “His light remains”, which I think is incredibly apt.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] I must start by saying how delighted Sir David would have been that the Boundary Commission has decided not to break up his beloved Southend West constituency, and I am delighted that I will continue to represent the people of the Eastwood and St Laurence wards.
I look forward to adding the people from St Lukes ward.
Our new outstanding sports reporter at the Echo, Chris Phillips, recently played tennis for 11 hours non-stop to raise money for South East and Central Essex Mind, raising £12,000.
That takes his total fundraising to more than £100,000.
He is a community hero.
It is also wonderful to know that Leigh-on-Sea will be recognised in our constituency name.
It was, after all, named in the Domesday Book.
I must declare an interest, because it is where I was born.
Next, I must highlight our great success in the May elections.
Sir David would have loved the fact that we now have 14 Conservative town councillors—a comfortable majority on Leigh-on-Sea Town Council—and that we took back control of Southend-on-Sea City Council with two new Conservative councillors, including the excellent Owen Cartey in West Leigh, who happens to be my councillor.
I am also delighted this year to welcome as mayor Councillor Stephen Habermel of Chalkwell, with his chosen charities Havens Hospices and the incredible, awe-inspiring Music Man Project, which some Members heard playing brilliantly again last night in College Green.
They recently played at No. 10, and there was not a dry eye in the house.
They are soon to come to Parliament.
People often ask me, “What have you been doing for our constituency?
What are your priorities?”.
My first priority this last year has been to make Southend West safer.
I am delighted that we now have 83 more police officers, three new sets of knife detection poles and new CCTV cameras in Old Leigh.
Our pioneering Operation Union is not only being repeated this summer, but being rolled out nationwide.
Thanks to the inspirational Julie Taylor, we have bleed kits available in ever more pubs and clubs.
I am particularly delighted that by working with the brilliant local policeman, Inspector Paul Hogben, our Conservative police and crime commissioner, Roger Hirst, and the Home Office, we are soon to ban nitrous oxide, and zombie knives in all their forms will soon be completely outlawed in private places.
That will make Southend safer, and that is much to be commended.
I must also commend Eastwood Academy which, through me, fed into the recent Home Office consultation.
That is not all.
Making Southend West healthier has also been a top priority, and with the support of this Conservative Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochford and Southend East (Sir James Duddridge)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , we have secured the delivery of more than £8 million for a reconfigured A&E department at Southend University Hospital, more than £1 million for a new active discharge lounge, 11 new ambulances and 111 new ambulance staff.
With other south Essex colleagues, we have finally secured from the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care an absolute promise that the remaining £110 million pledged to improve our local hospitals is secure, and we await an updated in-scope business plan.
I pay tribute to the work of those from the Lady McAdden Breast Cancer Trust who, with their knitted knockers, will be returning to Parliament during Breast Cancer Awareness Week this autumn.
Thanks to the work of Sam Batstone, we now have free suncream dispensers along some of our beaches.
Working with Chalkwell Lifeguards, I have sponsored one of them myself, and I thank Philip Miller, the CEO of Adventure Island, for sponsoring another.