I again thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
It is too soon to draw conclusions about the impact of voter ID on specific groups of people, but the commission has said that some of the emerging evidence is concerning, with the example that data suggests that disabled people and those who are unemployed were more likely than others to give ID as a reason for not voting.
Elections should be accessible to everyone, so the commission is working to build a better understanding of specific experiences.
As I say, the commission is undertaking further research and will make recommendations in its full election report to be published in September, and it will work with the Government and the electoral community to ensure that elections remain accessible to all.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What recent steps the Church of England has taken to increase the number of ordinands.
I am very pleased to be able to tell my hon.
Friend that there are 1,100 clergy in training in 2022-23, and that £10.3 million has been given to 25 dioceses to fund more curacy posts and £4.3 million has been given to 19 dioceses to make sure that clergy leaving training have a post of first responsibility to go to.
In Old Bexley and Sidcup, we are fortunate to have many fantastic churches and faith leaders supporting our community.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in thanking them all and congratulating St Mary the Virgin church and parish in Bexley village, which celebrates an incredible 900th anniversary this year?
I am delighted that St Mary the Virgin in Bexley will be celebrating its 900th anniversary with the Bishop of Rochester in November.
I know that it is a church dedicated to serving its local community, with particularly impressive youth work, and I would like to commend the Rev. Renate Tulloh and the Bexley team ministry for all the good work that they do, which is noticed and greatly appreciated.
The hon.
Member for Midlothian, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— Whether the Electoral Commission has issued recent guidance on elections to political parties and candidates.
The commission regularly publishes guidance for political parties, candidates and non-party campaigners to help them comply with their legal obligations.
It recently submitted for ministerial and parliamentary approval draft statutory guidance on digital imprints and a draft code of practice for non-party campaigners.
These will support parties and campaigners to understand and prepare for challenges introduced by the Elections Act 2022.
Is the commission preparing any guidance about this new trend we have of Members of this House, who may be candidates at the next election, being given their own TV programmes on some of the new news channels and interviewing members of the Government from their own Benches in the lead-up to a general election?
What is the Electoral Commission doing about that?