I speak as a supporter of WATCH, the Women and the Church group.
The Church Commissioners should understand that either the Church of England gets rid of what ought to have been temporary exemptions from the Equality Act 2010 or Parliament will do that for it.
Does my hon.
Friend understand that other MPs who are interested in full equality for women would like to meet the Church Commissioners before we consider what other action we might take?
I have very clearly heard what my hon.
Friend the Father of the House and indeed the very respected Chair of the Home Affairs Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  have just said.
The Church will have heard that as well and we are of course available for meetings at any time.
What recent steps the Church of England has taken to help protect freedom of religion and belief in other countries.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend, who serves with distinction as the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief, that the United Nations Security Council has recently adopted a resolution to produce an annual report on freedom of religion and belief.
It was sponsored by the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates, and the resolution was based on the Bishop of Truro’s review and incorporates many of his original recommendations.
That is indeed a very positive development.
My hon.
Friend will have seen another report, produced by former BBC reporter David Campanale and other FORB experts for the International Religious Freedom or Belief Alliance, which I chair, on the ongoing major violence in Manipur, India.
It indicates that since early  May alone hundreds of churches there have been destroyed, many burnt to the ground; more than 100 people have been killed and over 50,000 displaced; and schools and seminaries have been targeted in what looks like systematic and premeditated attacks with religion a key factor.
There has been very little reporting about this.
People there are calling out for help; what can the Church do to draw more attention to their cries?
My hon.
Friend has done a great service by putting this matter on the record in the House.
I am sure that she, like me, would like to see much greater reporting of these issues by the BBC and others.
What she has told us is truly shocking, and I know that the Archbishop of Canterbury, who visited India in 2019 to see the challenges at first hand, remains extremely concerned that such attacks have been worsening and spreading to other minority faith communities, so I will bring my hon.
Friend’s report on Manipur directly to the Archbishop’s attention.