As you know, Mr Speaker, local radio is such a lifeline to many of the elderly, vulnerable and isolated people in our communities.
I wonder whether the Minister has a view on what the words “public service” in the BBC’s public service remit actually mean.
Should that not include reaching everyone with local news and information, not just those who are digitally enabled?
As I said earlier, many people still value local radio and will regret and, indeed, be very concerned about the reduction in local radio output that the BBC has proposed, particularly in the evenings and at weekends.
I have no doubt that my hon.
Friend will take advantage of the opportunity that she has through chairing the extremely important Committee overseeing the BBC to raise that matter with the director-general again, as indeed will we.
I would say that the BBC is very good at showing empty chairs, but there will now be empty studios if we are not careful, and we certainly do not want to see the end of Radio Lancashire.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the report of the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket entitled “Holding Up a Mirror To Cricket” published in June 2023.
Discrimination has no place in sport or wider society.
The ICEC report makes for difficult reading.
Clearly, the sport needs to reflect carefully on the report’s concerning findings and consider how best to deliver clear and sustained cultural change across cricket.
The Government will review the findings of the report, and we welcome the England  and Wales Cricket Board’s commitment to bring forward a plan to tackle these serious issues, which must be addressed in full.
After the exposés of whistleblowers such as Azeem Rafiq, the “Holding Up a Mirror to Cricket” report lays bare the extent of racism, sexism and classism in cricket.
Over the past couple of years, we have seen scandals in cricket, abuse in gymnastics, a whole plethora of issues unearthed by the fan-led review into football and the sport of rugby union undertaking a review into its governance, and I fear that, sadly, there will be further such examples.
Just how confident is the Minister that structures are in place to deal with inappropriate and unacceptable behaviour in sport, and does he now feel that there is a need to look into governance in sport more widely?
I have made that issue a priority in the time that I have been in this role, because it does need addressing.
I hold regular meetings with the national governing bodies of all the sports and I have laid down challenges to them.
We need to work together, though.
That is why this will form an important part of the new sports strategy.
I know that it has taken some time, but I have been really clear that I want that issue to be included in it, and to be a central plank of the work that we do when we publish it.
In my constituency we have fantastic grassroots cricket clubs promoting inclusivity in the sport during their cricket weeks.
That includes clubs such as Sidcup and national club champions Bexley cricket club.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the clubs for the work that they do to promote cricket in our community, especially to women and girls, and Bexley cricket club for its efforts to raise funds to address cardiac risk in the young?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that not everything is bad.
Let us recognise some of the amazing work, particularly of volunteers, who do so much for grassroots sport.
He highlights a club in his constituency.
It is not just about encouraging more people to take part in sport; clubs also do tremendous work in the community, as he has just highlighted with the fundraising that that club has done.