Our creative industries are world leading, but they are rightly concerned about the impact of artificial intelligence on their creative endeavours.
The Government’s botched AI and intellectual property plans show that our creative industries play second fiddle when we need genuine partnership between the tech sector and those industries.
What is the Secretary of State doing to secure, protect and enhance this British success story in the digital age?
The shadow Minister is right to highlight AI, which presents potential opportunities as well as challenges, particularly in the domain of copyright and the creative industries.
I am actively engaged with this issue and have held a number of meetings with the sector, including with the Creative Industries Council earlier this week, and with music, press and publishing stakeholders over recent weeks.
This afternoon I will again meet with the Minister for AI and Intellectual Property, together with the Intellectual Property Office, to discuss this very issue.
Many of my constituents think that the BBC licence fee is an outdated, regressive tax, and question why they should have to fund a broadcaster that they do not support and do not want to watch.
If a formal review of the BBC’s funding model is indeed to take place in the autumn, surely abolishing the licence fee altogether has to be one of the options considered.
The Government have made it clear that the licence fee will remain in place for the remainder of this charter period, but my hon.
Friend is right that there are challenges going forward.
He may be aware that the number of people paying the licence fee has fallen by 1.9 million in the past five years, and it is therefore right that we look at possible alternative sources of funding for the BBC in the longer term.
That will be the focus of the funding review.
We all wish our women’s team all the best down under in the World cup that starts today—we are all a bit envious of the Minister—but at the same time, our national team is still doing battle with the Football Association over pay.
How soon do the Government expect to implement the recommendations of Karen Carney’s review so that the beautiful game raises up standards for women, including Chloe Kelly from Acton, my favourite Lioness?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this important area.
I am extremely grateful, as we all are in the Department, to Karen Carney for such an in-depth  review of women’s football.
We are obviously looking at the recommendations she made in that report, and that will be a continuous agenda item in my regular discussions with the FA.
My right hon.
Friend is aware of the ongoing crisis at Southend United, where staff have gone unpaid for months and the 117-year- old club’s future is on a knife edge, which is absolutely devastating for the 6,000-plus loyal fan base.
Please will my right hon.
Friend agree to meet the Shrimpers Trust, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochford and Southend East (Sir James Duddridge)  and me, urgently, to see what more can be done to save this vital community asset for the new city of Southend?
Order.
Can I just say that nobody else is now going to get in on topicals, because this is the last question.
Minister, we do have to think about other people.
It is too short a Question Time, but if it is short, we need to help each other to get through it.
Can I praise my hon.
Friend for the tremendous amount of work she has been doing on behalf of her constituents and the fans at Southend?
I know how hard she is working.
Of course, I would be more than happy to meet the fans group, as I have with those of other clubs, but I think this highlights the need for the independent football regulator.
The hon.
Member for Midlothian, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What recent discussions the Committee has had with the Electoral Commission on the adequacy of the implementation of voter ID requirements for national elections.