In February, I visited Pakistan with the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief.
Further to what the hon.
Gentleman said, will he advise the House on what steps the Church of England is taking to support the Anglican ministry in Pakistan and to defend the rights of Pakistani Christians to practise their faith and express their beliefs without fear of repression?
I talked earlier this week with Dr Sammy Wainaina, the Archbishop’s new adviser on Anglican communion affairs, and he specifically mentioned Pakistan, so I am grateful that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned it.
He is right that the situation there is extremely challenging—priests have been murdered—and the Archbishop   visited quite recently.
I express particular gratitude to the two hon.
Members who have put these matters on the record this morning; they are right to do so
and I hope they continue to do so.
To ask the hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, what recent steps the Church of England has taken to help support family relationships, parenting and marriage.
The Archbishop’s recent “Love Matters” commission on family issues made 36 recommendations for the Church of England and 29 for the Government.
They included supporting family hubs, developing high-quality marriage preparation, and building relational capability at all life stages and not just for couples who are preparing for marriage.
I will place a copy of that report and the previous ones in the Library.
A strong and stable family unit undoubtedly provides the best environment in which to raise children.
What steps is the Church of England taking to provide relationship support and guidance to those families who need it to help them to stay together?
That is a really important question.
The Children’s Commissioner has pointed out that almost a quarter of UK families are headed by a lone parent; that compares with an average of an eighth of families in Europe.
The Bishop of Durham, who co-chaired the commission, wants to see every deanery in the Church of England offering the very best marriage preparation to all couples, and for the Church to support their relationships at every life stage.
Sitting suspended.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 September  will be: Monday 4 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Bill, followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Northern Ireland Budget (No. 2) Bill.
Tuesday 5 September —Remaining stages of the Energy Bill
[Lords].
Wednesday 6 September —If necessary, consideration of Lords message to the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Bill, followed by an Opposition day (18th allotted day second part) debate in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 7 September —Debate on a motion on hormone pregnancy tests, followed by a general debate on funding for the prevention of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 8 September —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 September  includes: Monday 11 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Online Safety Bill.