Summer holidays should be a time for children to get out and about and enjoy themselves, but almost half of parents say that the cost of living crisis has had a negative impact on the number of opportunities their children have to be physically active and to take part in sport.
May we have a debate, in Government time, on the impact of the cost of living crisis on the ability of children, particularly those from low-income families, to participate in the sports they love?
That is an important matter and a timely one, as we are going into the summer recess.
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government spend about £200 million on holiday activities for families and, through the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, we work with many sporting bodies that will be offering particular activities, especially over the summer, that enable people to try new activities and take them up, whatever their resources.
I will ask the Secretary of State to update all Members on what those opportunities might be, but I know that many sporting organisations take their outreach work and support for all communities very seriously indeed.
I have another sports question.
Our community sports organisations in Wolverhampton do so much for public health, whether it is Wednesfield Aces cycle speedway, Fordhouses cricket club or our two gurdwaras.
May we have a debate on support and funding for grassroots sports organisations?
Will the Leader of the House also join me in congratulating Henry Searle, the first British tennis player to lift the Wimbledon boys championship title, which he did last Sunday?
The whole of Wolverhampton is beaming with pride at Henry’s achievement.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
My hon.
Friend will be able to tell by the noises from around the Chamber that we all want to congratulate Henry on that fantastic achievement.
She will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way.
I know that many colleagues value the support and funding that goes into grassroots sports.
She will know that that has been a priority for the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero has provided additional funds for sporting venues, such as swimming pools, that have very high energy costs, to ensure that access to those important facilities is maintained.
This morning, Viaplay, the broadcaster rights holder for the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish men’s football teams, announced that it was trying to sell off all of its UK-based rights.
A meeting was promised by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport back in December and despite my continual chasing since then, including bringing up the matter at business questions with the Leader of the House and at Prime Minister’s questions in recent weeks, I have still not been able to secure a meeting with the Secretary of State.
Will the Leader of the House give her a nudge so that we can have this urgent meeting?
A few weeks ago, I had the honour and privilege of meeting Miss J, a campaigning survivor who is trying to raise awareness of the toxic culture and sexual misconduct in sport.
Importantly, she is trying to get all professional  sports teams in Scotland to sign up to and implement a sexual misconduct policy as soon as possible.
Will the Leader of the House join me in supporting the important work that Miss J is carrying out and make time for a statement to tell us what the Government are doing on this important issue?
With regard to the first issue, I remember writing to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport and her Department to ask her to do that, so I will chase it up.
If the hon.
Gentleman gives me more information about the policy that his constituent is championing—it sounds very worthwhile—I will raise that with the Secretary of State as well.
I wish his constituent good luck in what they are trying to achieve.
Virgin Media recently upgraded some landlines in Cleethorpes, but it advised its customers via text that there would be a short period of disconnection.
Unfortunately, not everyone has access to texts, such as the 92-year-old lady in my constituency who brought the matter to my attention.
Can we have a debate about how these large organisations exclude many people who do not have broadband or mobile connections?
There were audible groans across the Chamber at that, because we all know of companies that do not enable all their customers to get access to the information they need.
It is quite lazy.
One thing the Government can do is ensure that we are increasing competition.
Work that the Prime Minister commissioned while he was Chancellor is enabling that, and further competition is supported by many of the Bills we brought forward in this Session.
I hope that Virgin Media has heard what has been said on the Floor of the House today and will reconsider its approach to communicating with their valuable customers.
The report into the North East Ambulance Service is now in the public domain, and the Department for Health and Social Care has responded with what I understand to be an open letter.
Given the seriousness of the matters inquired into, and the fact that the process was initiated by a whistleblower to a national newspaper, will there be an opportunity for the House to debate the report?