The creative industries are a powerhouse of the UK economy, succeeding despite the Government’s best efforts to attack the institutions that underpin them.
With the growth of the creative industries, there are now a huge number of job vacancies, yet it remains one of the least diverse sectors in the economy, dominated by white, middle-class people—even more so than banking, law and media.
Under this Government, we have seen a huge drop in creative subjects being taken at GCSE.
Will the Secretary of State support Labour’s new policy to increase music, drama and the arts in schools and transform our curriculum to meet the needs of the future economy, which desperately needs creative skills, rather than one that is stuck in the past?
The shadow Secretary of State will know that the Prime Minister has identified the creative industries as one of the five sectors of growth that we are supporting as a Government, because they are really important.
She mentions GCSEs, but I do not think we should just have music and arts at GCSE.
We need them at T-levels, we need apprenticeships and we need them in primary school.
She will know, because I have talked about it incessantly, that that is exactly what we are doing and that is what is in our creative sector vision.
I will just point out—because I was reminded of it the other day—that a Labour Secretary of State for Education and Employment, David Blunkett, slimmed down the statutory curriculum for creative education and told headteachers to teach fewer creative subjects at school.
What progress her Department has made on publishing a sports strategy.
The Government have committed to delivering a refreshed sports strategy that will set the long-term strategic policy direction for sport.
The strategy will outline the Government’s future ambitions and how we will support the sector to achieve them, and we intend to publish it as soon as possible.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer.
With many more people getting into sport, there is also a temptation to get into image and performance-enhancing drugs.
We have seen an explosion in that, with estimates of between half a million and 1 million users—and that is an underestimate—from academics, UK Anti-Doping and organisations such as ukactive, which I have met with.
Will the Minister look at putting a policy in the sports strategy to gather more data on image and performance-enhancing drugs in sport?
I praise my hon.
Friend for being a doughty campaigner on this important issue and thank him for that.
He has rightly raised this with me on a number of occasions.
The safety and wellbeing of everyone  taking part in sport is hugely important.
That includes looking at image and performance-enhancing drugs.
Since I last met him, I have raised this with UKAD.
We must bring about better collaboration across the Department to ensure that we tackle this issue.
What steps she is taking to tackle gambling-related harms.
I know that the hon.
Member has campaigned on this issue for a number of years, and I thank her for her ongoing engagement.
Our White Paper sets out measures to tackle products and practices that can drive gambling-related harm, and they include financial risk checks, stake limits on online slots and the new statutory levy.
Loot boxes in gaming are unquestionably a slippery path to normalising gambling.
This week’s announcement on loot boxes nowhere near fulfils the commitment made in the 2019 Conservative party manifesto.
With 55,000 young people aged 11 to 16 already classed as problem gamblers, and tens of thousands more considered at risk, why are the Government neglecting future generations by failing to tackle and prevent gambling disorder at its root?
We have gone a long way in the White Paper to do exactly what the hon.
Member says, and we have committed to ensuring that video games can be enjoyed safely by everyone.
We convened a technical working group to improve protections on loot boxes, and it has published new guidance this week, which we welcome.
If that guidance is implemented, it has the potential to meet our objectives, but I assure her that we will closely monitor what the industry does, to ensure that it implements the guidance in full.
We will provide an update in 12 months and keep the option of legislating open.
We would be helped in our fight against gambling-related harm if we had better data on the number of people taking their own lives as a result of gambling debts.
There is a Bill that has cleared all its stages in the Lords that would get coroners to record this information.
It would not cost the Government a penny.
Might my right hon.
Friend lend his support across Government to those responsible for that Bill, so that we have the data to know what is happening and bear down on this terrible issue?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the tragic consequences for some people.
One of the toughest parts of this role has been meeting the families who have been affected in such a way.
I will look at the issue he raised, but the new statutory levy enables us to have the funding to do detailed research, which could contribute to that as well.