Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the Modesto Irrigation District is celebrating 100 years of supplying clean, reliable power to our communities.
Since the construction of the Don Pedro Dam and the coinciding establishment of the Don Pedro Powerhouse, Modesto Irrigation District has been providing the City of Modesto and the surrounding areas with power that has brought innovation, growth, and development to the region.
In 1919, a bill was introduced to provide for the development of power by irrigation districts.
Governor William D. Stephens signed the bill into law May 21, 1919.
Three days before the bill was to become effective, construction of the Don Pedro Dam and Powerhouse began.
On October 27. 1921.
the first concrete was poured at the dam.
With construction of both the Don Pedro Dam and Powerhouse underway, the decision was made for the plants to generate and distribute their own power.
In 1923, Modesto Irrigation District raised its first power pole.
It took determined, fearless people with incredible foresight to accomplish such an achievement despite the presence of a powerful and already established, competitive private utility.
Throughout the years, the successes of the retail distribution of power out of Modesto Irrigation District continued.
In 1950, there was a net energy profit of $1 million-a-year as shown by the electrical department, and energy consumption increased 10 percent per year in the post-war years.
Due to being publicly owned and locally controlled, the Modesto Irrigation District could provide the people of Modesto and the surrounding area with lower energy rates than private utilities.
These lower rates helped grow Modesto and the surrounding region in both the residential and industrial fields at a rapid rate.
Today, 100 years since the introduction of retail power in the region, Modesto Irrigation District serves an area of 560 square miles with electricity.
This electricity is transmitted over 1,800 miles of power lines throughout their service area.
The District relies on a diverse, balanced power resource mix to meet customers' needs.
Embracing the latest technology and sustainable practices.
Modesto Irrigation District continues to be a leader in the public power industry.
Through the courageous determination of their founders, Modesto Irrigation District evolved into a robust and self-reliant communityowned utility.
On behalf of the people of California's 1311, Congressional District.
I want to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Modesto Irrigation District for 100 years of service and offer my sincerest wishes to their future.