Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a passionate civil rights advocate, trusted community voice, and humble public servant.
South Carolina State 
Representative David James Mack III transitioned from this life on September 20, 2023, in Charleston, South Carolina.
He will be well remembered and sorely missed.
David Mack III was born on December 13, 1953, in Charleston, South Carolina to David J. Mack, Jr. and Dorothy Mack.
Representative Mack attended Charleston public schools and pursued higher education at Howard University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1975.
There he joined Omega Psi Phi, my own fraternity, which he credited with having played a pivotal role in shaping his values and his work throughout his life.
He embodied the cardinal principles he learned as a proud member of our Omega brotherhood:
Manhood, Scholarship, Perseverance, and Uplift.
The value of community service was instilled in 
Representative Mack early in his life.
After graduating from Howard, he returned to Charleston and began working at the Committee on Better Racial Assurance (COBRA).
At COBRA, he dedicated himself to the organization's mission of bringing about equality in the Charleston community and providing services for individuals and families with Sickle Cell Anemia.
Representative Mack served at the organization for 47 years in various capacities, including Part-Time Assistant Director, Coordinator of Sickle Cell Services, and Part-Time Hemoglobinopathy Counselor.
He also served on COBRA's Board of Directors until his passing.
In addition to his work at COBRA, 
Representative Mack served the Charleston community in numerous ways.
He worked with the Carolina Youth Development Center and served on the Boards of Directors of the Opportunities Industrialization Center and the South Carolina Substance Abuse Commission.
He was also a passionate civil rights advocate and served on the Board of the South Carolina Coalition for Black Voter Participation.
He was a member of the North Charleston Branch of the NAACP and Charleston Chapter of Rainbow PUSH.