Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 90 to H.R. 4365--the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2024.
I want to thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making this amendment in order.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 90 is an important and potentially life-saving amendment in an unfortunate and distracting appropriations bill.
Namely, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 90 seeks to allocate $10 million to fund Triple Negative Breast Cancer Research (``TNBC'').
I must offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden administration for making research into breast cancer a priority, but there is still work to be done.
Breast cancer accounts for 12.5 percent of all new annual cancer cases worldwide, making it the most common cancer in the world.
This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and women in the military, who are up to 20-40 percent more likely to develop breast cancer.
There are few people in this country whose lives have not been touched by breast cancer.
Yet, there are persistent disparities in breast cancer incidence and death rates: Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in the United States for Black and Hispanic women.
Black women are more likely to die from breast cancer than women of any other racial or ethnic group.
Experts believe that it's partially because about 1 in 5 Black women is diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer, more than any other racial or ethnic group.
Compared with non-Hispanic white women, Black women are less likely to receive guideline adherent care and have an approximate 2-fold higher mortality incidence, resulting in a disproportionately higher risk of death from Triple Negative Breast Cancer.
Triple Negative Breast Cancer (``TNBC'') is one of many forms of breast cancer and accounts for about 15-30 percent of all diagnosed invasive breast cancer cases in the United States.
Due to its aggressive behavior, TNBC grows quickly and is more likely to have spread at the time it is found and is more likely to come back after treatment than other types of breast cancer.
TNBC cells do not contain (are ``negative for'') three key receptors that medicines typically target in other types of breast cancers; therefore, there are limited treatment options that can be used to treat the cancer.
Patients with an early diagnosis can often be treated with chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery; however, the limited therapies available specifically addressing the management of TNBC has made treating this disease a challenge for clinicians.
Recent innovation in targeted therapies have fueled advances in the fight against TNBC.
Advances in breast cancer screening and treatment over the last few decades have reduced the overall breast cancer mortality rate, yet the disproportionate impact of TNBC on racial and ethnic minority communities raises considerations about the underlying determinants driving the disparities.
It is necessary to promote TNBC education, raise awareness about the disease-related disparities, and tackle inequities within the health care delivery such as inadequate access to screening, diagnostic testing, and care, to improve early detection and survival.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 90 would allow for more research so we can one day hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of military personnel affected by breast cancer.
We all know, by the way, that breast cancer can affect both men and women.
The bad news is breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat.
Let me say that sentence again.
Breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat.
More than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times; 874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer just between 2000 and 2011.
And according to that same study, more are suspected.
It grows.
The good news is that we have been working on it, and I want to add my appreciation to the military.
This amendment, however, will allow for the additional research needed.
As new young women come into the United States military, as women stay longer in the United States military, as women get older in the United States military, as women ascend to leadership roles in the United States military, these dollars provide research.
Not only is breast cancer striking relatively young military women at an alarming rate, but male service members, veterans and their dependents are at risk as well.
With a younger and generally healthier population, those in the military tend to have a lower risk for most cancers than civilians-- including significantly lower colorectal, lung and cervical--but breast cancer is a different story.
Military people in general, and in some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, says Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Boston University who works at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues.
He says life in the military can mean exposure to a witch's brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of getting breast cancer.
So, my friends, I am asking that we do the right thing.
We are on the right track, we are on the right rail, we are on the right road.
But with the expansion of women in the military, I can assure you, for long life, a vital service that these men and women give, it is extremely important to move forward with this amendment.
Researchers have pointed to a higher use of oral contraception in the military than in the general population, and oral contraception has long been linked to breast cancer among women--an alarming factor that would ensure that this particular amendment would be a positive step forward.
Despite significant advancements in prevention, diagnoses and treatment, more progress can and must be made, not only to reduce the fatality rate of breast cancer, but also to research methods of prevention and ways to drastically reduce risk factors.
To this end, I have over the years been successful in winning passage Appropriations Act in prior years to improve breast cancer research across the United States.
I am here today seeking support for the same amendment to provide increased funding for the Defense Health Program's research and development by $10 million.
These funds would specifically address the issue of breast cancer in the United States military.
Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided activeduty servicemen and women along with veterans, such as enforcing accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces, addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing authorization for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder as well as Triple Negative Breast Cancer research funding.
Additionally, I have introduced H.R. Bo, the Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Research and Education Act of 2013, which focuses on expanding, intensifying, and coordinating programs for the conduct and support of research on triplenegative breast cancer, a type of breast cancer that is difficult to detect but disproportionately impacts African American and Hispanic women.
I am very proud of the work that I and Congress have done to address the health concerns of active duty and veteran servicemen and women, but there are still improvements to be made.
As a breast cancer survivor myself, I understand the toll which this destructive disease takes on patients and their family members.
Support and encouragement are invaluable resources to those battling