One of Eastbourne’s last surviving world war two veterans, the incredible Eric Deach, celebrates his 100th birthday three weeks today, on  9 June .
Will the Secretary of State join me in wishing him a very happy centenary, and thank him for his service to our country?
I would be delighted to, and if the hon.
Gentleman would give me Mr Deach’s address, I would like to write to him as well.
I had the privilege last week of spending time on board HMS Sutherland, alongside the Armed Forces Minister.
Will he join me in commending her captain and crew for their vital service safeguarding our subsea infrastructure?
What steps are the Government taking to protect our critical undersea communications?
As HMS Sutherland is a Devonport-based warship, this Devonport-based MP says: congratulations to the crew, the ship’s company, the captain, and all those who made the visit to London so successful.
The cross-party delegation visit was warmly received by the ship’s company.
It is vital that we continue to invest in our capabilities, not just for protecting undersea infrastructure, but for anti-submarine warfare.
Perhaps more important than the ship and the steel is investment in our people, and the Government are making precisely that investment.
I recently dropped in on an Armed Forces Network community event in my constituency, one of many organised by Lee Chapman, a veteran.
The network is supported by the council and local volunteers.
I have been made aware that there is no official system automatically recording and publishing statistics on veteran suicide in the UK.
A petition has been launched, but will the Minister look into that, and see what action can be taken?
I congratulate Lee Chapman on the event that he organised in the right hon.
Lady’s constituency.
I will indeed look into the matter, and if she has additional data and information for me to go on, I would be grateful if she could let me have it.
The war in Ukraine has shown the importance of drones on the modern battlefield.
The previous Government published a drone strategy that was only 12 pages long, and half of that was pictures.
They failed to fund UK companies that are investing in, and making, world-leading drone tech here at home.
Will the strategic defence review correct that wrong, and support drone development in the UK?
[Interruption.]
The shadow Defence Secretary,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , shouts, “Total rubbish,” but his 12-page drone strategy was half-full of pictures and totally unfunded.
The strategic defence review will look at how our technologies are changing the nature of warfare, and will ensure that we can make Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
Following the particularly adverse findings against the Special Air Service soldiers in the Clonoe inquest, will the Secretary of State reflect on the fact that better law pertains to inquests in England?
In England, when there is a suspicion of criminality, the inquest is stopped, and the matter is referred to the Crown Prosecution Service.
In Northern Ireland, however, the inquest reaches highly prejudicial findings, on the balance of probabilities, and then concludes, and there is then a referral to the Public Prosecution Service for Northern Ireland.
Would it not be far better to bring the law in Northern Ireland into line with that in England?
The hon.
and learned Gentleman knows that the Government and the Ministry of Defence are seeking judicial review of the coroner’s work on the Clonoe inquiry.
If there are other factors to be taken into account and lessons to be learned, the Government will do that.
Yesterday, a Conservative councillor in my constituency said that the Government were “dancing to the tune of warmongers” because of their support for British defence manufacturing, despite one of those manufacturers being in his ward.
Do the Government believe, as I do, that we need to do more, not less, to support British defence manufacturing?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: we need to do more to support British defence manufacturing, and we are doing more by reforming procurement and prioritising UK-based businesses for the work that we can give them.
Land at Eastriggs in my constituency, formerly part of MOD Eastriggs, was declared surplus, and 18 acres were successfully leased to a rail business that provided important jobs in the constituency.
However, the plans for the remainder of the site seem to have got bogged down.
I hope that Ministers can expedite a decision, so that more valuable jobs can be created in my constituency.