The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
We should be clear that the NHS and the care system need people.
He is right about many hospitals being a maze and the importance of that friendly face to greet someone when they go into hospital.
They are knowledgeable and know that most people go into hospital not for a good reason, so they recognise the anxiety people have when they enter those places.
We know the cheer that is brought by hospital radio and so on.
I just gently correct the hon.
Member: we are not losing the volunteers.
This is a change to a contractual arrangement, so the volunteers are still there.
We still want to make sure that they come forward, as we have discussed.
Volunteering is more generally handled by local situations, and this is about the best way we can get the national system to spread into a local system.
We need the local infrastructure, and we need to keep encouraging people to come forward.
I hope that, as a result of this urgent question this afternoon, we are highlighting the role of volunteers and that more people will come forward.
I echo the comments made today about the huge contribution that volunteers make up and down the country, helping and supporting NHS staff, day in, day out.
I declare a bit of an interest, as someone who similarly started their volunteer journey with the responders programme and continues now as a community first responder with my local ambulance service.
Can the Minister reassure me that those who wish to continue to  play their part and to carry on volunteering in other ways with the NHS can do so?
Will she join me in taking the opportunity to encourage those who are interested in volunteering to check for opportunities with their local trusts?
We are learning so much about each other this afternoon, are we not?
I am pleased to hear that that is how my hon.
Friend started her journey, and I am so impressed that she is continuing to do that.
I was out with the ambulance service last week talking to staff, who highly praised those community first responders.
The work that she and others are doing is valuable, and I know she will continue to use that knowledge to feed into the work we want to do in the future.