On behalf of the official Opposition, we send our best wishes to the Minister for Veterans and People,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , on his ascent of Everest.
On defence procurement, we will all have enjoyed the Red Arrows fly-past as part of our VE Day celebrations, but the fact is that the Hawk jet needs replacing.
Given that one of the publicly stated roles of the Red Arrows is “supporting British industry”, will the Secretary of State guarantee that the next jet for the Red Arrows will be designed and manufactured in the United Kingdom?
As a former procurement Minister, the shadow Secretary of State will know that the replacement of our jet trainer is long overdue.
He will have heard me say earlier that, for the first time, this is a Government who will look to direct British taxpayers’ defence investment to British-based firms, British-based jobs, British-based technology and British-based innovation.
If he will make it his policy to negotiate a defence and security agreement with the EU.
If he will make it his policy to negotiate a defence and security agreement with the EU.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of a security and defence partnership with the EU on NATO.
This is a Government delivering for defence.
Today we have agreed a new bespoke and ambitious security and defence partnership between the United Kingdom and the European Union.
The SDP will strengthen NATO, the cornerstone of the UK’s defence, and it will grow the economy.
It allows us to step up more effectively together on European security against growing Russian aggression and the increasing threats that we face.
The ill-advised decision to leave the EU in 2016 saw us leave the European Defence Agency at the same time.
With defence expenditure rising at record rates across Europe in response to the invasion of Ukraine, the EDA has a vital role to play in our national security.
What plans do the Government have to secure a more effective working relationship with Europe’s defence procurement strategy and to form stronger links with the EDA?
Quite simply, the answer to both the hon.
Gentleman’s first question and his second question is exactly the partnership deal that we have signed this afternoon.