We concluded phase one of the Triples review last week, in which there was an overturn rate of approximately 30%.
The second phase will consider where we hold records relating to top-up pay.
On the second part of the hon.
Lady’s question, if anyone globally has any evidence that they feel should be submitted to the Haddon-Cave inquiry, the Government encourage them to do so.
There is no geographical limit on who may submit evidence, and we are working through Afghan relocations and assistance policy cases to ensure that everyone gets the correct decision, based on their circumstances.
In my work in the charity sector in Harlow, I saw that post-traumatic stress disorder is a huge barrier to not only getting veterans into employment, but supporting them once they are in it.
What will the Minister do to support veterans into and in work?
It is absolutely vital that we support veterans who encounter difficulties in transitioning from military service to civilian life.
The vast majority transition successfully, but support schemes are available nationwide for people who have served in our armed forces, especially through Operation Valour, which was announced by the Minister for Veterans and People last week.
There is  more to do in this space.
I would be happy to arrange a conversation between my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Chris Vince)  and that Minister very soon, when he is down from operation mountain goat on Everest.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Well, as there is no question from Jim Shannon.
I do apologise to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
I am glad that the Secretary of State is here.
As we have heard today, a very successful parliamentary petition was put up by a member of the public just over a week ago, and was supported by a large number of regimental associations.
In the middle of last week, an email was sent from the Directorate of Infantry to regimental headquarters.
It said: “With immediate effect”— that bit is highlighted in red— “please ensure that all of your communication channels (including Twitter/X etc) remove any feeds related to the Northern Ireland Troubles Act announcement and any associated petitions.”
Regimental associations are there to defend and look after the interests of, and to support, veterans.
It is not for the MOD hierarchy to dictate what they can or cannot promote, particularly through legitimate parliamentary engagement.
Veterans’ voices must not be silenced by bureaucratic interference.
Is it appropriate, Mr Speaker, to pressurise regimental associations to remove content that supports democratic participation?
Perhaps someone on the Front Bench would like to answer.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising his point of order.
I was not aware that he was going to raise it, and I have to say that it is news to me; most regimental associations that I know cannot be pressured by anyone from outside.
However, I am grateful to him for raising the issue in the House.
Anything that interferes with the parliamentary process is of concern to all Members of the House, and I will certainly look into it and get back to him.
May I say thank you to the Secretary of State for answering that point of order?
It saves me from getting involved, but we recognise how important organisations are.
Nobody should be stifled.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement regarding the volunteer and care service.