This appears to be another rather muddled decision from the Government.
The Minister has acknowledged that these volunteers provide a vital service, but if they want to continue they now have the inconvenience of going to the new portal, registering and so on.
Would it not have been better at least to maintain the current arrangements until a new alternative was in place?
By the time we have provided extra support to medical professionals and so on during the interim, will it have saved any money at all?
I am afraid that I have to disagree with the hon.
Gentleman—it is not muddled.
The analysis undertaken by NHS England indicates that the current system is not providing good value for money, and we are making sure that we produce something better for the future.
This Government will continue to act in the best interests of volunteers, patients and taxpayers in setting up the NHS of the future.
I congratulate all the volunteers in my constituency, who do a great job.
Does the Minister agree that the huge increase in volunteers over the past few years is because the Conservatives ran down the NHS?
Now they are in opposition, they can no longer run down the NHS, so they talk it down instead.
Well, we could—[Interruption.]
Sorry,  the hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon (Gregory Stafford)  is chuntering from a sedentary position.
I partly agree with my hon.
Friend.
Yes, the Conservatives did run down the NHS and we inherited a broken system, but volunteering has always been a really important part of the NHS and the care system, so I pay tribute to those people who come forward.
It is both good for the system and the people they help, and for many individuals.
We talked earlier about people feeling disconnected, perhaps as receivers of volunteering, but we know how valuable it is for individuals themselves to be giving and volunteering, and we want to see more of that.
This closure follows today’s no-notice closure of the special care baby unit and maternity unit at Yeovil district hospital, and comes amidst a crisis in our health services.
I take the opportunity to thank the hundreds of NHS volunteers in Glastonbury and Somerton, who give millions of volunteer hours to the NHS, but with NHS trusts implementing staffing freezes to keep afloat, there does not seem to be any consideration of the impact that this closure might have.
How will the Government ensure that patients do not lose access to vital support and suffer as a result of these changes?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point: it is important to make sure that people do not suffer from changes and that the impact is minimised.
As I said, the programme was not delivering effective value for money, and we think the future system will.
We encourage more people to come forward, to increase the sustainability of volunteering in local systems.
It is no exaggeration to say that during the pandemic, thousands of constituents were helping out in volunteering roles with the NHS and across their community in Suffolk Coastal.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that those who want to play a part in volunteering can continue to do so?
Perhaps she would outline the steps they can take to register their interest.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We want to make sure that people in her constituency and all our constituencies who have volunteered or who want to—those who perhaps could not at the time, but want to in the future—can do so.
Those who are already on the system and have received an email can register via that portal, and we will make sure it is easy for people to do so in future.
I have been reminded by a note that people who volunteered in the very early weeks of the pandemic might have been on a slightly different system from those who volunteered later on, so I think there will be a slightly different process for them.
We do not want to lose them.
Those who have received an email can register through that portal, but we will make sure that more opportunities are available when that is launched, and I will be happy to update the House when that happens.
I take this opportunity to say a massive thank you to all the NHS volunteers across the country, but especially those in Westmorland.
It was a privilege to join with them—alongside my children, actually—to deliver prescriptions during that period, but the work of the volunteers in the NHS is not over.
In communities such as mine, we particularly depend on volunteer drivers to help people in rural communities who live hours away from hospital or from doctors’ appointments.
As such, will the Minister take this opportunity to direct integrated care boards and trusts in Cumbria to support those volunteer drivers, so that volunteers are valued and patients are not isolated?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an excellent point on behalf of his community, as well as rural communities more widely, about the role of volunteer drivers.
We need volunteer drivers across a range of areas—in fact, my husband is out volunteering as I speak, driving for another charity.
We need more of these people.
There are plenty of opportunities for people who have time, and NHS England will continue to work with ICBs to make sure we take forward the best of what we already have into the rest of the NHS.