General Dynamics already provides good jobs in south Wales.
As a former member of the Public Accounts Committee, I welcome plans to cut delivery times for the new communications and weapons systems of the future.
Does the Minister agree, however, that we need to overcome public scepticism about defence kits taking too long to get to the frontline?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend, because under the previous Government the average time to contract was six years, and only two out of the 49 major projects they oversaw were on time and on budget.
Our procurement reforms will speed up and improve delivery to the frontline, and thus boost our defence and security.
To encourage more people to pursue a career in our armed forces, we need to ensure that the whole offer is strong, including accommodation.
Concerns have been raised with me about poor performance by managing agents involved in maintaining Ministry of Defence properties in my constituency, often with complex subcontracting arrangements that make it very difficult to hold anyone accountable.
I know of cases where people were dealing with a rodent infestation for six weeks due to inaction after it was reported to the  managing agents.
Can the Minister assure me that we are working to ensure that managing agents are held accountable by the MOD?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
We are delivering for defence by putting people at the heart of our defence plans.
The new consumer charter for families in military homes will include improved repairs, a named housing officer for every family, and a better and clearer complaints process.
I am aware of the issues he raises about pest control at RAF Wittering.
This has been raised with Amey, the contractor that has the maintenance contract there, and I will expect to see an improvement.
My constituency of Huntingdon is the home of our defence intelligence capability.
It is also home to the joint intelligence operation centre Europe, which is an analytics centre for the US air force, and the NATO Intelligence Fusion Centre.
Wyton airfield has recently been designated as a trailblazer site, and it could be a key location at which to build defence technology.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the potential of building a technology hub in Huntingdon, alongside the combined authority and Huntingdonshire district council?
The hon.
Member has set out a compelling reason why I should meet him, and I am very happy to do so.
The Times has reported that the UK has fewer than 10 tanks stationed in Estonia and that troop numbers have been cut from 1,650 in April 2022 to around 1,000 today.
By comparison, Germany has 5,000 troops on track to be stationed in Lithuania by 2027.
Is this correct, and is it a concern for the Minister?
That is of borderline relevance, but I am sure the Minister can respond.
The hon.
Gentleman has set out some troop movement issues.
We are moving to a lighter formation, but there is no reason why we cannot meet him and explain the situation in full, and I am very happy to volunteer my hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces to do so.
There we are.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In dodging last week’s peace talks in Turkey, President Putin proved once again that he has no interest in stopping the fighting; his goal remains the subjugation of Ukraine.
Moreover, this afternoon’s reported phone call between Putin and President Trump once again presents the alarming possibility that, between them, the Kremlin and the White House will agree a carve-up of Ukraine, which would be utterly intolerable.
What more are the Government doing to invest directly in Kyiv’s weapon production to ensure we strengthen Ukraine’s ability to resist Putin’s war machine, resist attempts at a carve-up by Putin and Trump, and secure maximum leverage for any peace negotiations?
Mr Speaker, I was waiting to hear whether the hon.
Lady had got the wrong question, but she fitted it in and it was in order, so I congratulate her on that.
We are co-operating across different European arrangements, and our own, to ensure we can supply Ukraine.
We in the UK have stepped up, spending £4.5 billion this year.
We co-ordinate a lot of the UK and European-wide efforts to ensure that Ukraine can stand up to the aggression it still faces from Russia, no matter what President Putin or anybody else has to say about it.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his EU counterparts on UK access to the European rearmament fund.
The landmark agreement secured today will complement our bilateral partnerships with European countries.
It will pave the way for UK defence industries to participate in EU defence programmes, supporting thousands of British jobs, boosting growth and making our continent safer.
I am pleased that today the United Kingdom is hosting a summit in London to reset our relationship with Europe—yet another sign that this Labour Government are restoring our reputation as a global power after it was trashed by a decade of Tory incompetence.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps are being taken to ensure that our world-leading defence industry can access the European rearmament fund, to drive economic prosperity at home, benefit my constituents, and strengthen security across Europe?
The UK and the EU will use this opportunity to explore closer collaboration across defence industrial initiatives in a way that will support economic growth and jobs on both sides, and help to prevent fragmentation across our shared industrial base.
We can now go on to discuss a bilateral agreement to facilitate participation in EU schemes such as ReArm and SAFE—Security Action for Europe.
What financial commitment will the UK have to make to participate in the fund?
Any financial commitment that has to be made will be subject to the further discussions that I have just set out.
Today’s agreement enables us to discuss bilaterally what arrangements we can make to have access to those programmes.
What steps he is taking to improve support for LGBT veterans.
I am sure the whole House will join me, on the death of Lord Etherton, in passing on our condolences and sympathy to his friends and family.
His legacy will  continue to shape an inclusive and fair future for our armed forces community.
The LGBT financial recognition scheme has a budget of £75 million, which is 50% higher than that set by the previous Government.
The Ministry of Defence has made £90,000 available for grants to charities, including Royal British Legion and Fighting With Pride, to support LGBT veterans in completing their applications.
One of my constituents was outed and then dismissed from the RAF when he was just 21, an experience that affected his whole life, so I was very pleased to hear that last week his application for compensation under the LGBT financial recognition scheme was accepted and that he is due to receive his payment shortly.
It is great to hear that the Labour Government are getting on with the job for these veterans who were so badly dealt with by the state, but can the Minister give an update on the progress of the scheme?