At the end of March, the US Secretary of State told the Foreign Ministers of the Baltic states that the US wanted to continue participating in EU defence procurement initiatives.
What has the UK discussed with the EU about any exclusion of US companies linked to the security and defence pact?
It is certainly true that right across Europe, there are European and American firms providing the capabilities we need to keep our people safe.
It is right that we continue those discussions with our European  friends to look at how UK firms can participate, because UK firms are already present around Europe, providing resources, as indeed are our American friends.
We all need to spend more on defence and we all need to renew our capabilities.
We are working together to ensure that we have the frameworks and structures to enable that renewal of our forces to take place.
What steps he is taking to improve armed forces housing for military families.
We are delivering for defence by putting people at the heart of our defence plans.
We have secured a deal to buy back 36,000 military homes to improve housing for forces families and save taxpayers £600,000 a day in rent.
Our new consumer charter means that families will have a named housing officer, improved repairs and a clearer, shorter complaints process.
Our forthcoming defence housing strategy will set out plans to undertake a generational review of our properties.
In December, the Defence Committee found that two thirds of service family homes “need extensive refurbishment or rebuilding” to meet modern standards.
We know that poor-quality housing impacts children’s ability to learn and to attend school, as well as their physical health.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the 3,500 children from service families who attend school in North Yorkshire live in adequate accommodation?
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s analysis of the impact of poor housing.
We have regained control of 2,793 of the 3,221 service family accommodation units in Yorkshire and Humber previously owned by Annington, after a landmark deal earlier this year.
As well as saving taxpayers rent that can be recycled into improvements, that enables us to plan a once-in-a-generation improvement of service family homes.
The detailed plans will be set out in the defence housing strategy later this year.
What steps he is taking to support veterans of Operation Banner.
The Government recognise the important service and sacrifice of those forces veterans who served in Northern Ireland.
More were killed during the troubles there than in Afghanistan.
I am acutely aware of the anguish caused to those veterans and their families by historical investigations.
While the Ministry of Defence continues to provide welfare support and legal support to those affected, I am determined that we will do more.
Operation Banner defeated the IRA militarily and paved the way for the Good Friday agreement, so why are this Labour Government now pushing two-tier justice, to the obvious detriment of our brave Northern  Ireland veterans and to the advantage of Gerry Adams and his Sinn Féin fellow travellers?
Where is the justice in that?
This Government are dealing with the woeful shortcomings of the last Government’s Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
As we do so, we will give priority to strengthening the protections that preserve dignity and respect for our veterans who served in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
We inherited a recruitment and retention crisis from the last Government, but since July we have taken decisive measures, slashing the time it takes to access medical records from weeks to hours and restructuring the Army’s recruitment organisation, and it is working.
Year on year, inflow is up 20% and outflow is down 8%, the Navy’s yearly recruiting target has been exceeded, Royal Air Force applications are up 34% compared with early 2024, and the Army is seeing a seven-year high in applications.
It may or may not come as a surprise to the House that I was once a Royal Navy cadet.
I believe that the cadet force is hugely important to retention and recruitment.
The trouble is getting people to step forward to help run cadet forces.
I wonder whether the Government will consider some form of inducement scheme to encourage veterans—we know that every community has them—to step forward and help organise the cadets.
The hon.
Gentleman is a role model for what someone can do by serving in the cadet forces.
They are a fantastic way of growing in confidence, learning new skills and, for many young people, finding a career in the armed forces.
Supporting those people who work with our cadets and help train them is vital.
We know that there is a huge opportunity in expanding the cadets and investing more, and that is what the Government intend to do.
What steps he is taking to help support veterans into employment.
The Government are expanding UK-wide employment support for the armed forces community through Op Ascend, a free advice service for veterans and their families launched earlier this year.
We also continue to offer tailored employment support via the career transition partnership.
National insurance relief for employing veterans comes at really quite a low cost to the Treasury, but it is effective, not just in its financial incentive but because it opens up conversations within employers.
In written answers of late, the Government have been slightly equivocal about the future of the programme.
Can the Minister confirm that this programme of relief will continue to support veterans’ employment beyond the next year?
It is vital that we support our veterans.
We have extended the national insurance relief for a further year.
I am very happy to arrange a conversation with the right hon.
Gentleman and my Treasury colleagues if he would like to make a further case, and I am sure he would join a chorus of voices in doing so.
In January 1945 in Darlington, William McMullen, a Canadian air pilot, was flying a plane across the densely populated town when it set fire.
He steered it away from the populated area and evacuated his six crew mates, unfortunately losing his life in the process.
This act of heroism has not been recognised by the Canadian Government because it was a training exercise, so I urge the Secretary of State to join my campaign, with local veterans in Darlington, for a posthumous recognition.