On the highly topical subject of fishing rights, the Secretary of State will no doubt share my profound concern at reports that last week Mauritius and Russia agreed to deepen their co-operation on fisheries and other maritime issues.
Does that not show that Labour’s policy of spending billions renting back a military base that we already own is not only a waste of taxpayers’ money but a major risk to our national security?
No.
It shows that when we were elected last summer we inherited a situation of increasing questions and jeopardy over the continuing sovereignty—our operational sovereignty—of the Diego Garcia base.
That is why we have been taking action since then.
The Chagos chaos continues, as multiple reports now suggest that No. 10 has put the whole £18 billion Chagos nonsense on hold.
It has done that for fear that Labour MPs, who are being whipped to withdraw winter fuel payments from up to 10 million pensioners, will not vote for it.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether it is still the Government’s policy to stand by their crazy Chagos deal, or has he finally decided to give it all up?
The Diego Garcia base is essential to our security and to our security relationship with the US.
It was increasingly under threat under the previous Government.
We have had to act, as the previous Government started to do, to deal with that jeopardy.
We are completing those arrangements and will report to the House when we can.
With the defence review coming, alongside the welcome extra investment in defence, how will things change so that more school leavers in Bristol can learn about the opportunities in the military and across Bristol’s wider defence sector?
A career in the armed forces or a defence industry is a good career for any school leaver in Bristol, in Plymouth or anywhere across our country.
I commend my hon.
Friend on the work that he and people in Bristol are doing to promote a career in our armed forces and the defence industries.
There are good, well paid careers available in every part of our country—indeed in every single constituency—in defence.
Last week’s “Panorama” documentary brought fresh allegations of war crimes by Special Air Service and Special Boat Service forces, raising grave new questions about the conduct of the special forces during Operation Herrick in Afghanistan.
It also highlighted the vital importance of promoting transparency and accountability across our armed forces.
In the light of these developments and the ongoing public inquiry, will the Secretary of State consider looking at how Parliament could scrutinise the work of the special forces?
The previous Government, with our support, set up the Haddon-Cave inquiry, whose job it is to get to the bottom of any allegations and investigate them fully.
That is the job it is doing, and it has our full  support—and, I hope, the continued support of the House —in doing it.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the “Panorama” programme.
Anybody who is willing to talk to the media about the information they have and what they allege must be willing to do the same to the Haddon-Cave inquiry.
I met Major Eales and the Derby and Derbyshire Ex-Services Association, who do so much with fellow veterans at events all year round.
Following the launch of Operation Valour, will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the work that it and other associations do and tell us what is being done to encourage and recognise volunteers who support our veterans?
I am delighted to pay tribute to Major Eales and so many other volunteers who are working to support our veterans.
Valour marks a departure from the PR-focused postcode lottery diet of short-term funding for headlines that we were fed by the last Tory Government.
No more sticking plasters for veterans; long-term, sustainable funding on a nationwide basis is what Operation Valour is delivering.
Will the Minister tell the House how much of the European Union’s €150 billion rearmament fund he anticipates will be available to our defence companies, who provide high quality jobs, and to our armed forces?
It is simply too early to say that about any of the nations, including all 27 EU nations.
What I can say is that today’s agreement is the necessary key that opens the door to that potential for our Government and our defence industry.
Over the weekend, a drone attack was launched targeting a number of regions, including Kyiv.
It was arguably the biggest drone strike since the full-scale invasion began.
While I am pleased that significant headway has been made between Russia and Ukraine regarding a possible prisoner swap, does the Minister agree that the Government must continue to urge for a wholesale ceasefire to ensure that no more civilian lives are lost?
A sustained, unconditional ceasefire is the quickest way to stop the killing while creating the space for serious talks to achieve a lasting peace.
President Zelensky has consistently shown his commitment to peace.
Putin has refused to meet Zelensky in person while continuing barbaric attacks on the Ukrainian people, as we saw once again over the weekend.
We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
If the Government end up paying a fee for British companies bidding for European defence contracts, will they charge the EU a fee when its companies want to bid for British defence contracts?
Any arrangements that we make will be in the best national interests of this country and the interests of our industry.
They will be fair, and they will ensure that our UK industry can participate fully in any programmes and make the biggest possible contribution alongside the European Union, within the context of NATO, to making European security stronger.
The recent E5 meeting marked a significant step towards greater strategic autonomy in Europe, with the security of Ukraine being central to that.
Does the Minister agree that, given the changing nature of the threats we face, working ever more closely with our NATO allies is crucial to keeping the UK secure and safe abroad?
I do indeed.
Our commitment to NATO is unshakeable, as is our commitment to our European friends, especially those along NATO’s eastern flank that are being threatened by Russian aggression.
We will continue to work with our friends, including: with Germany via the new Trinity House agreement; through the refreshed Lancaster House agreement; and with our EU friends via the security and defence agreement signed today.
That is a really important part of keeping Britain safe at home and secure abroad.
Will the Secretary of State delay putting before the House the remedial order until he is certain that the Government have a way of delivering the Prime Minister’s commitment to preventing Gerry Adams from claiming compensation?
The right hon.
Gentleman is a regular attender in this House, and I suggest that he be here on Wednesday for Northern Ireland questions to put that question directly to the Northern Ireland Secretary.
Only if there is the opportunity, I might add.
Does the Minister agree that shipyards—such as Methil in my constituency, which has been saved by this Government—have fantastic opportunities to benefit from increased defence spending in the UK, and from initiatives such as Programme Euston?
Will she continue to do all she can to identify opportunities for Scottish yards, including Methil?
I will certainly do that.
Programme Euston is a £2 billion investment aiming to deliver resilient out-of-water engineering capability at His Majesty’s naval base Clyde by the early 2030s.
Market engagement is under way, but it is too early for me to let my hon.
Friend know of any kind of outcome.
However, I recognise the skills and experience at Methil, and I welcome the certainty that Navantia UK’s purchase of Harland and Wolff has brought to that facility.
I look forward to seeing any bids that come in.
The number of nuclear safety incidents at Faslane and Coulport is on the rise.
They include six incidents in the last 12 months in which there was actual or high potential for radioactive release into the Scottish environment.
The Ministry of Defence has ceased providing information to either the Scottish Government or the Scottish people about the nature of these incidents.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Defence has stopped providing information to the Infrastructure and Projects Authority so that it can grade nuclear projects on value for money and success likelihood.
What does the Secretary of State think about this veil of secrecy over the nuclear enterprise?
I reject any accusation of a veil of secrecy.
I will look into the allegations that the hon.
Gentleman makes, and I will write to him, or can meet him, if that is helpful.
Joining a cadet force offers young people a fantastic opportunity to develop key skills, including enhanced communication skills, and to improve their self-confidence and physical and mental wellbeing.
What steps are the Government taking to support the cadets, and to encourage more young people to join and obtain life-changing skills?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: joining the cadets is a great opportunity for any young person, and provides a lifetime’s-worth of skills.
The Government are looking to make further announcements in support of our cadets, because the work that they do nationwide is exceptional, and the cadets are a superb platform for young people to build a career on.
The British defence company Babcock employs over 2,000 people from my constituency.
The long-awaited strategic defence review is due any day now, so will the Secretary of State set out how the Government will do more to prioritise British defence jobs, and British firms that will not only provide training and employment opportunities in the UK, but help to develop the vital sovereign capability that has never been more critical for our national security?
We will indeed.
We will set out in our defence industrial strategy the detail that the hon.
Lady wants.
She mentions Babcock, which has welcomed today’s UK-EU agreement as a step forward, describing it as strengthening the critical defence partnership between the EU and the UK in uncertain times.
I am sure that she will welcome that as well.