The national NHS and care volunteer responders programme was first established as part of the covid response, and then adapted to respond to other organisational pressures.
However, a model that worked well in that national crisis is no longer the most cost effective way of facilitating the important contribution of our much valued volunteers, so NHS England has recently taken the decision to close the current programme.
Instead, a new central recruitment portal for NHS volunteers will be fully launched this year, providing opportunities for the current pool of volunteer responders to continue to play their part.
Volunteers will have had that information emailed to them recently.
NHS England will also work with NHS providers that draw on the support of the volunteer responders programme to ensure that they are helped in developing other volunteering interventions that meet their service needs.
The roles of 50,000 additional volunteers who are recruited and supported by NHS trusts directly will be unaffected by the closure of this programme.
That is in addition to many more thousands of volunteers who support the NHS either directly or indirectly via other local and national voluntary sector organisations.
Successive volunteering programmes in the NHS are primarily run locally by individual trusts and integrated care systems identifying the best opportunities for volunteering interventions that meet their specific service needs.
That means local NHS action to build relationships with voluntary sector organisations and co-developing volunteering programmes and pathways that support patients, staff and NHS services.
There will continue to be opportunities to strengthen and encourage innovation in NHS volunteering at national level.
The Government recognise the need for sufficient and agile volunteering capacity and capability of support in particular scenarios, such as pandemics and flu seasons, when the health and care sector is particularly stretched.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
At the start of the covid pandemic, NHS volunteer responders were set up to support vulnerable people.
Following its success, the previous Government  expanded the scheme into adult social care, forming a joint NHS and care volunteers programme.
That service has mobilised more than 750,000 ordinary citizens who have completed more than 2.7 million tasks and shifts, including more than 1.1 million telephone support calls, 1 million community response tasks and almost 400,000 steward shifts.
I saw at first hand as a volunteer and doctor during the pandemic that NHS and social care teams benefit from volunteer support, and I put on record my thanks to all those who give up their time to support those around them.
Out of nowhere, the Labour Government have decided to cancel this service at the end of the month.
No tasks allocated after  31 May  will be completed, seemingly leaving patients in the lurch.
Has the Minister thought about the real-world implications of the additional pressure placed on NHS local authorities, the loss of institutional knowledge and the impact on vulnerable patients?
What alternative measures are being put in place to support the people who were supported by volunteers?
The Minister said that something would be put in place later this year, but when?
Why leave a gap?
The telephone helpline is open only until  31 May , so what happens if people need support after that?
Will the Minister explain why the decision was taken so suddenly and which Minister signed it off?
The volunteer website says that the decision was taken due to financial pressures, so can the Minister tell us how much the scheme costs?
What is that cost as a proportion of the total NHS budget?
The Public Accounts Committee report published last week on the reorganisation of NHS England was damning.
The Secretary of State said he would “devolve more resources and responsibility to the frontline, to deliver…a better service for patients.”—[Official
Report,  13 May 2025 ; Vol. 763, c. 1286.]
However, cancelling the volunteer programme takes services away from the frontline.
This seems to be yet another example of Labour rushing into decisions without thinking them through properly, and yet another promise broken by this Government at the expense of the most vulnerable people.
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the tremendous effort that went into establishing the programme very quickly at a time of great crisis, and to thank the hundreds of thousands of volunteers across the country who took part and stepped up.
It was a huge effort to get the scheme running and we were all very grateful for it.
Everyone learned a great deal from that; as I outlined in my initial response, we will be taking forward those lessons as we look at the role of volunteering in the future.
The hon.
Lady says that the changes have come out of nowhere; they have not.
We are looking critically across the piece as we fix the foundations of our NHS and ensure that it is fit for the future.
We are looking at the most cost-effective means of delivering the same outcome, which is why we will be moving to a centralised portal for part of this work.
We have emailed people about that; some people may not have scrolled to the bottom of that email, where there is an option to push a button to register their details, so that they will be updated as new systems come online and we can make sure that we do not lose that great volunteering spirit.
That is about digital techniques for the future, using the most cost-effective means and developing clear outcomes.
Does the Minister agree with me that as we rebuild our NHS, volunteers at NHS trusts will not be used to plug gaps in service and staff will be allowed to focus on clinical matters?
I am happy to give my hon.
Friend an absolute assurance.
Volunteers support and complement the existing workforce; they do not replace it.
Including volunteers signals a recognition of the important role they play in supporting staff, services and patients.
Many hon.
Members are volunteers and we have all seen how those volunteers can support the wider system.
However, it is important that we keep our staff and respect their important roles.