I am still astonished at the Secretary of State’s claims that the English EV charging network is on track—absolutely no one thinks that in this country.
Pushing back the date for the ban on petrol and diesel cars by five years, combined with removing what was already one of Europe’s worst EV purchase incentive schemes, means that this Government are sending all the wrong signals to consumers.
Mike Hawes of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said that consumers required “a clear, consistent message, attractive incentives and charging infrastructure that gives confidence rather than anxiety.
Confusion and uncertainty will only hold them back.”
I have no doubt that this decision was thoroughly assessed, so can the Minister tell us how many extra millions of tonnes of carbon will be emitted due to this Government’s back-pedalling on net zero?
Was it P. G. Wodehouse who said that it was not difficult to see the difference between a ray of sunshine and a Scotsman with a grievance?
How true that is in this case!
The truth of the matter is that there has been enormous progress in this area.
Let me remind the hon.
Gentleman that £6 billion of new private investment is being planned by ChargeUK.
That has not been affected.
One of the leading global mandates has been laid.
We have just done this excellent work on charge points, and I am pleased to say that the independent National Infrastructure Commission of this country has stated that if the roll-out continues to grow at the current rate, we will meet our target of 300,000 public chargers by 2030.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This Government have made the long-term decision to reinvest every penny of savings from High Speed 2 into the local journeys that matter most across the country, so from next week, passengers on our buses will keep  saving money with the £2 fare cap, and from next year, £150 million of redirected HS2 funding will go to bus services across the north and midlands.
That is part of £1 billion of new funding to improve Britain’s most popular form of public transport.
It means supporting local authorities to introduce cheaper fares, more regular services and new routes, all backed by investments that would not have been possible without our decision on HS2—a project that would not have been completed until the 2040s.
Governing is about making choices, and by prioritising everyday local journeys, we have chosen to be on the side of the majority of the British people.
Thank goodness Santa travels by sleigh, not train!
Avanti has just released its new timetable, with London to Holyhead services up to Christmas slashed.
It is certainly no Nadolig Llawen for my Ynys Môn constituents, who like me are fed up with this service.
Avanti has a new contract; what assurance can my right hon.
Friend give to my constituents that he is doing everything he can to restore the number of direct trains from London to Holyhead to pre-pandemic levels?
The Rail Minister and I continue to hold Avanti to account for matters within its control, and I know the Rail Minister recently visited my hon.
Friend’s constituency to talk about services to Holyhead.
The temporary changes she referred to are necessary to accommodate Network Rail engineering works to improve and maintain the network and minimise unplanned, short-notice cancellations due to train crew shortages as Avanti trains more drivers.
In the spirit of my hon.
Friend’s question, given that she has mentioned Christmas, I hope she is grateful for the early Christmas present from the Prime Minister of £1 billion to electrify the north Wales main line.