Many of us question this Government’s moral compass, but the Network North plans give rise to concerns about their actual compass, with the provisions for Plymouth and Bristol.
The first recommendation in the “Union Connectivity Review” backed “investing in the West Coast Main Line north of Crewe to properly use HS2 and its faster journey times and capacity to serve connectivity between Scotland and England”.
Yet Network North justifies continuing with HS2 phase 1 “as it provides the most effective solution to…constraints on the congested southern end of the West Coast Main Line”.
So when will the Secretary of State deliver the upgrades north of Crewe to unblock the bottleneck to the Scottish economy and that of the north of England, including Chorley?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have made it clear that we are going to make sure that high-speed trains can still continue past Birmingham on to the west coast main line.
We have already had a debate in this House, and I believe we had this debate at length when I made my statement after the House returned last week, about the capacity on the west coast main line.
The southern section is the most congested part, which is why we are continuing with phase 1.
There is a debate to be had and people can have different views about where demand will go over the next 20 years.
The view we have taken is that the priority is to focus on the transport needs of people now—[Interruption.]
Well, in the north of England we are reinvesting £20 billion of the £36 billion we have saved, so we are putting the money where it would have been invested but on transport projects that are more relevant to people’s everyday needs.
What plans he has to support transport projects in the East of England.
The Network North announcement included commitments to rail improvements at Ely and Haughley junctions, which is a key priority for the east and also for railfreight.
We are also committed to the A10 scheme north of Cambridge.
The east will also benefit from the £8.3 billion announced for highways maintenance funding across England.
I warmly welcome the commitment to upgrade Ely Junction, which will boost passenger services to King’s Lynn in my constituency, as well as freight.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will ensure that the scheme now proceeds as rapidly as possible.
May I also urge Ministers to approve the business case submitted by Norfolk County Council for the A10 West Winch housing access road, which is essential to unlock housing, reduce congestion and boost growth?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is bang on when it comes to the Ely project.
It is a superb project, which really delivers for freight and ensures that freight can travel from Felixstowe across the midlands, rather than having to go south.
So I can assure hon.
Members that we will be on that project and getting it delivered.
On my hon.
Friend’s point on the A10, which I welcome, officials are currently assessing the outline business case submitted by Norfolk County Council, and will be providing advice to Ministers in due course.
We will ensure that we are in touch with my hon.
Friend as soon as a decision has been made.