Fresh from slashing and burning HS2 while in Manchester and spouting crank conspiracy theories, the Secretary of State announced Network North.
However, that dodgy sounding 1970s ITV franchise does not have a single project with an approved business case, and plans are valued at 2019 prices.
There was no promise to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain)  a minute ago.
Network North is literally not worth the paper it is written on, is it, Minister?
It most certainly is.
When the Prime Minister announced Network North, it was clear that we were going to see a plethora of rail projects and, indeed, wider projects.
We will better connect the major cities of the north, we will invest £2 billion so that Bradford can finally get the new station that it deserves and, as I have stated, we will add £2.5 billion to the West Yorkshire mass transit system.
There is a huge amount of projects that we should all be celebrating, across parties.
It is interesting that the Opposition seem to be knocking these opportunities to better connect cities across the north and the country.
When it comes to business cases, the Ely and Haughley project, for example, has an outline business case of 4.6.
We know that business cases are stronger when there are local transport opportunities.
My question back to the Opposition Front-Bench team is whether they support these proposals, in which case they should ride behind them and be positive about them—or do they not want better transport networks across the north, the midlands and the rest of the country?
What recent discussions his Department has had with the Home Office on tackling speeding in rural areas.
My Department takes road safety for all road users, including those using rural routes, extremely seriously.
We are currently considering how best to address the specific safety issues that may arise on parts of the local rural network.
As part of our work on road safety, my officials regularly meet Home Office officials to discuss issues of mutual interest.
I also recently met my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire to discuss these and other matters relating to road safety, including more ways to tackle drink and drug driving.
On the subject of speeding and rural safety, the entry into one of my primary towns in North Norfolk—Sheringham, a tourist town on the Norfolk coast—has a fast-flowing road that is becoming more and more congested year after year.
What it really needs is a roundabout, which the Minister knows all about.
All in my community support it.
Unfortunately, the county council does not have the money—not as much  as the Minister now has, certainly.
Could he please find me a funding pot to bid into to build the Sheringham roundabout?
Come on, Minister!
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for a Sheringham roundabout; in fact, he has dragged me there to visit the A148 junction with Holway Road.
I was delighted to do it, and I will be happy to go down and see it again.
I understand that Norfolk County Council is continuing preliminary design work and confirming costs and planning requirements, which should put Norfolk in a strong position to make a bid.
Although there are no immediate sources for this specific scheme, I encourage the council to continue to work with the safer roads fund, because a new opportunity will arise next year.
What steps he is taking to support motorists.
What steps he is taking to support motorists.
Through Network North, we announced £8.3 billion for road resurfacing—the largest allocation of money for local road maintenance ever—and an extra £4 billion for local road schemes.
In addition, the plan for drivers set out 30 new measures we are taking to make motorists’ lives easier, from restraining the most aggressively anti-driver traffic management interventions to stopping councils profiting from moving traffic enforcement.
Our plans show that the Government are on the side of drivers.
Across the country, the Department for Transport and local administrations have had great success in reducing the impact of roadworks on everyday motorists through lane rental schemes.
Unfortunately, Greater Manchester is not one of the areas making use of that highly effective tool.
Will my right hon.
Friend take steps to ensure that Greater Manchester adopts a similar scheme to tackle the massive disruption caused by roadworks?
I entirely agree with the point made by my hon.
Friend.
I am pleased to report that, following his very effective representations and those of others, the Mayor of Greater Manchester’s Bee Network committee recently endorsed a decision to develop a proposal to introduce lane rental in Greater Manchester, and discussions are now taking place with local authorities.