On Monday, the Government pledged to deliver 25 million more bus miles, but what they failed to tell the public was that this was just a drop in the ocean, compared with the 175 million bus miles that they have slashed over the past five years.
In fact, never before on record have bus routes fallen by as much as they have over the past year, and this from the same party that promised buses so frequent that we would not need a timetable.
Does this not show that, while the Tories and their broken bus system remain in place, communities will continue to see this record-breaking decline in the bus services on which they depend?
The hon.
Member does not seem to recognise the facts of the situation.
There have been huge amounts of extra cash going in, whether that is through the City Region Sustainable Transport Settlement that we are seeing right across the country—in some cases, that funding is being tripled for some local authorities—or the bus service improvement plan.
On the statistics that those on the Labour Front Bench trot out, the one they seem to forget is that, in Wales, bus services have declined by more than twice as much in terms of mileage than the rest of the country, and it does not have the “Get Around for £2” fare scheme or any of the other support that the Government in England are putting into services, because it is making the wrong decisions.
If he will take steps to establish a mass transit system in Leeds.
The Government’s Network North announcement included £2.5 billion of investment for the West Yorkshire mass transit system, building on the £200 million already provided to the West Yorkshire Combined Authority, which is developing the business case.
I look forward to reviewing that and bringing the benefits of mass transit to the West Yorkshire region.
Less than 40% of the population of Leeds can now reach the city centre by public transport within 30 minutes.
We have been promised and promised a public rail-based transport system by this Government for years, and yet we still remain the largest city in Europe without one.
Will the Minister tell the people of Leeds why we should believe him this time?
I will take that as a welcome for the £2.5 billion commitment in Network North.
As the hon.
Member rightly says, Leeds would no longer be the largest city in Europe without a mass transit system.
What we are looking to do with the West Yorkshire Combined Authority is create a network of up to seven lines, which will eventually connect Leeds with Huddersfield, Wakefield, Bradford and Halifax.
Work is going on, because £200 million has already been committed.
I had a meeting with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the West Yorkshire Combined Authority to discuss the plans and proposals.
The combined authority is working at pace and we are going to fund it.
Nottinghamshire previously submitted a levelling-up bid for a new Toton link road but narrowly missed out.
The project— Order.
One of us is going to have sit down, and it is not going to be me.
The question was on Leeds, unfortunately.
Is the hon.
Gentleman’s supplementary linked?
indicated dissent.
Right.
Let us move on.
What assessment has he made of the adequacy of progress on constructing the Western Rail Link to Heathrow.
The Government remain committed to improving rail access to Heathrow airport, and recognise the importance of the improved rail connectivity that a western rail link could provide.
We need to ensure that projects that we take forward reflect the changed shape of rail demand and are affordable.
I understand that, as a consequence, the promoters of a western rail link are updating their proposal.
You will be aware, Mr Speaker, that I have long championed a western rail link to Heathrow, which would connect 20% of the UK population to within one interchange of our nation’s main airport.
The Government committed to it over a decade ago, yet not a single spade has dug into the ground.
Sadly, the Government have more of a reputation for cancelling rail links than for building them.
Perhaps the rail Minister, who kindly met me recently about the issue, will have better news for us today.
What meetings has he had with Heathrow airport, Thames Valley chamber of commerce and other stakeholders to progress this vital 4 mile rail link between Slough and Heathrow?
May I first thank the former shadow rail Minister for the times that we had together?
It is true that he has been a champion of this project, and indeed pretty much every other rail project that I have gone to an all-party parliamentary group for, where he had already agreed to pre-fund it.
I assume that now he is a shadow Treasury Minister he might be cancelling some of his previous decisions in a bid for fiscal credibility.
This particular project was due to be funded 50:50, but things have changed post pandemic for Heathrow, so it is right that it goes back to the drawing board.
We will always support rail investments that can be paid for by private enterprise.
That is what our Network North project is all about.
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
I regularly meet with Network Rail and train operators to discuss rail performance and services.
Twickenham has seen positive results.
In the past 12 weeks, an average of 88.1% of trains across the lines serving Twickenham have arrived within three minutes of the stated time.