The Government’s mishandling of HS2 was and is absolutely staggering, but their attempt to pull the wool over northern eyes with Network North is a farce.
Does the Minister really believe the people of the north-east are falling for his fag-end fake network to nowhere?
I just do not accept that at all.
I gave a run through of a list of the £36 billion that is being put back into local projects, including £1.8 billion extra for the north-east.
That could, for example, be an option for the Leamside line to be reopened.
I would have thought that, rather than stating that none of this is going to happen, the hon.
Member would be holding us to account to make sure it does, and that she might actually support investment.
There will be as much investment—indeed, more—in all areas.[Official Report,  20 November 2023 , Vol. 741, c. 1MC.]
The fight against potholes is much like our own fight to  stay healthy: if we do nothing about it, we deteriorate faster.
I therefore thank the Minister for the additional £200 million allocated to local authorities for pothole repairs.
Will he join me in praising Dudley Council’s new approach of moving away from traditional, reactive quick wins towards a proactive, high-quality structural maintenance service?
I certainly am delighted to praise Dudley Council for its new approach, spending that money wisely but also implementing preventative measures for the future.
Well planned road maintenance is essential, and on  4 October  the Prime Minister announced that Network North would include £8.3 billion for local highway maintenance right across the country.
The allocations of that cash will be announced very soon to help Dudley, but also every other council right across the country, to ensure it has the highest quality roads.
I am not quite sure that answer was as linked as it should have been.
The Government have said that every penny that would have been spent on HS2 will now be reinvested in local and regional transport infrastructure.
To be clear, and so that South Yorkshire can get organised, may I ask the Minister to confirm that the city region sustainable transport settlements round 2 uplift for South Yorkshire will be £543 million, and that he will work with the Mayor and others to maximise the benefit of that investment?
Yes, I can give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
It is indeed £543 million of extra funding for the South Yorkshire mayoral combined authority.
We have already had conversations with the South Yorkshire Mayor about the funding and his plans.
I and my team will continue to do so, and our officials will work with his to make sure we can deliver those plans.
With the global AI summit coming up next week in Milton Keynes, it seems topical to ask: what steps is the Department taking towards the regulation of autonomous pavement delivery robots?
Of course, I have visited the technology that my hon.
Friend is describing and seen it in action.
We must balance the safety of patients and vulnerable road users with the potential benefits of this new technology, but I am very pleased to confirm that the Department will be funding research to advance our understanding of the impacts of this technology.
The results will be published once the research has concluded.
Heavy goods vehicles cause a disproportionate number of cycling deaths.
To cut the number of deaths of cyclists by illegal freight operators in other places, will the Department look at the successful London scheme and encourage partnerships between local authorities, the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency and police forces to address this problem?
I am always happy to look at measures to improve road safety, including the measure the hon.
Lady has suggested.
I regularly meet the head of the National Police Chiefs’ Council on this, as well as the police and crime commissioners’ lead.
We have already updated the highway code to put that priority of road users there, but I am happy to look at any measures we can implement to further this.
Nottinghamshire submitted a levelling-up fund bid for a new Toton link road, but narrowly missed out.
The project is desperately  needed to ease congestion and unlock the huge potential in my constituency of Broxtowe and our wider county.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this £40 million, ready-to-go project, especially as the east midlands has the lowest amount per head spent per year on transport?
With the extra £1.5 billion in the CRSTS announcement coming to my hon.
Friend’s new mayoral combined authority, I am sure there will be plenty of opportunities to look at really important road schemes, but I would also be delighted to meet him as soon as possible.
When a memorandum of understanding on HS2 to Scotland was agreed by the then Transport Secretary, Philip Hammond, HS2 planners claimed that reducing journey times between Scotland and London to three hours could boost passenger numbers by 4 million and increase rail’s share of passengers making that journey from 29% to 75%, reducing air travel emissions.
What is the Secretary of State’s new prediction for rail passenger numbers making that journey?
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady with the details she requires, but I restate that it comes down to choices.
The choice that this Government have made is to go forward with transport projects across the entirety of the country that can deliver faster and better benefits and that have a better business case.
That is why this decision has been made.
Does my right hon.
Friend think that people of the Jewish faith are safe on the London underground?
I have to tell him that many Jews in London do not feel safe.
Does he agree that London Underground employees who misuse Transport for London equipment to take part in intimidatory acts should not only be disciplined for gross misconduct, but considered for prosecution for causing harassment, alarm and distress under the Public Order Act 1986?
I am familiar with the case that my right hon.
and learned Friend raises.
I was in contact with British Transport police about it after seeing the disturbing footage at the weekend.
They have publicly said that a member of staff has been suspended, but he will understand that because the British Transport police are investigating whether a crime has been committed, it would not be right of me to go into details.
I hope he is reassured that the incident is being taken seriously by both British Transport police and London Underground, and that that will reassure both him and the Jewish community.
The huge importance of local bus services to communities such as mine in Blaydon has been emphasised by a dispute between Go North East and its employees.
I very much hope that a negotiated settlement can be reached quickly.
Is not the reality that we need better, more streamlined franchising models to give communities a greater say on their transport offer?
I am sure the hon.
Lady, my neighbour, welcomed the news yesterday evening that Go North East and Unite the union have managed to reach a  settlement in the north-east.
That is quite good news.
I am sure she will also welcome the £163.5 million that we have put into bus service improvement plans, which include the option to do bus franchising.
This Government have been happy to make that available to all local authorities.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol. 740, c. 1MC.]
The reopening of the Skipton to Colne railway line, which is about 11 miles of missing track, will be fundamental in linking Lancashire and Yorkshire back up.
Will the Minister consider progressing this line to the next phase of the rail network enhancements pipeline, which includes drawing up a full business case for reinstatement?
Will he meet me and Members including our right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pendle (Andrew Stephenson)  and our hon.
Friend  the Member for Burnley (Antony Higginbotham)  to discuss it further?
I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend and all right hon.
and hon.
Friends.
The Department has been working with Transport for the North, Lancashire County Council and the Skipton East Lancashire Rail Action Partnership campaign group to strengthen the case for reopening that line, but we will meet up and discuss that further.
In answer to  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , the bus Minister,  the hon.
Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden)  said that the Mayor of South Yorkshire had asked for £8 million to restore bus services.
In fact, the Mayor asked for £8 million to restore bus services to 2022 levels—so just restoring those cut in the past year.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to look again at the level of funding that South Yorkshire requires?
That is exactly what they said, and that is exactly what I said, too.
As I said, we are seeing not only £1.6 million this year, but £1.6 million next year, and almost £8 million on top of that, but that is to ignore the huge amount—half a billion pounds—of city region sustainable transport settlement funding going to South Yorkshire for this period, which will almost triple for the next period, too.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady can shout at me from a sedentary position, but the truth is that she is just adopting our new position.
It is not really opposition anymore; it is just “adopt the Government’s position”, including on HS2.
When do Ministers anticipate being able to give LNER the go-ahead to extend the King’s Cross-Lincoln services through to Cleethorpes?
I am afraid I will have to give my hon.
Friend the answer that Ministers often have to give, which is that I hope to make an announcement shortly.
I also hope that when an announcement is made, he will be able to welcome it.
According to the Department’s own regulations, it should have reported on medical licences for fisherman this week, but it has not, so when will the Department publish the review?
More important, when will it start listening to fishermen, who are out of pocket, worried about their livelihoods and at risk of becoming uninsured?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that question.
In fact, I met representatives of the National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations just yesterday to talk through the issue in some detail.
We will be able to make some announcements on policy very shortly.
Obviously, I will keep the federation informed, as I will Members of the House.
My constituents very much value access to the travelcard scheme, which in particular enables visitors, friends and family to make the most of a trip to London.
They were concerned to hear the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, announce his plans to abolish the travelcard.
They were equally puzzled to hear that the Mayor has now apparently intervened to save the scheme from his own plans.
Can my right hon.
Friend help me explain that conundrum to my constituents?
Like my hon.
Friend, I was surprised that, having proposed to cancel the travelcard scheme in the first place, the Mayor of London is now trying to take credit for cancelling his own cancellation.
From my point of view, those hon.
Members who so stridently raised concerns about the Mayor of London’s latest plans to increase costs for the travelling public and the Department of Transport officials who worked with Transport for London to find an alternative deserve the lion’s share of any credit.
I declare an interest in that I sold my house in North West Leicestershire to HS2 in 2015 for considerably less than I paid for it in 2011.
What does the Secretary of State make of the evidence given to the media by Andrew Bruce, the former head of land acquisitions for HS2, that people were short-changed and not given full value for their properties up and down the route?
There are rules that specify how the safeguarded land will be returned.
Those who sold their property will be offered it back at the current market value.
We expect those matters to take place towards the   summer.
With regard to the hon.
Member’s allegations, I will discuss them further with him so that I am fully furnished of the case.
Last year, my constituent was having a drink with his son, having attended a Manchester City match, when his son was glassed in the face in an unprovoked attack.
The assault took place in a pub outside Manchester Piccadilly within the jurisdiction of British Transport police.
Since then, despite CCTV capturing a clear image of the suspect, no arrests have been made.
My constituent feels disappointed that the transport police have not got justice for his son, who suffered life- changing injuries.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this distressing case and, more widely, to consider the remit and resourcing of British Transport police?
I am sorry to hear about that incident; it must have been incredibly distressing for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I will raise that case specifically with British Transport police, and I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.