Thank you, Mr Speaker.
While the Tories get excited about “Get around for £2”, under 22s in Scotland get around for free, because their fares are funded by the Scottish Government in a strategic paradigm shift to get people modal-shifting over to public transport.
Will the English Government provide that same support to commuters in England, or are they too proud to follow Scotland’s lead?
The hon.
Gentleman could do well to recognise that fares in Scotland are up by over 10 % on an annualised basis, whereas in areas of England they are falling.
There is also no fare cap in Scotland for those over the age of 25, whereas my constituents—many of them in low-paid work or looking to go to work and get jobs—can get a £2 bus fare.
On a recent visit to Scotland, I saw people paying £8 or £9 to travel between some major towns.
Actually, the Scottish Government would do well to follow the English Government’s example.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You have had notice of this.
In Prime Minister’s Question Time yesterday,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  asked the Prime Minister about compensation for those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
The Prime Minister responded: “What I would say is that extensive work has been going on in Government for a long time, co-ordinated by the Minister for the Cabinet Office, as well as interim payments of £100,000 being made to those who were affected.”—[Official
Report,  25 October 2023 ; Vol. 738, c. 830.]
That is factually incorrect, and I hope that the record can be corrected as not all those affected have received interim payments.
A parent who lost a child or a child who lost a parent in the scandal has received no such interim payment, despite clear recommendations from Sir Brian Langstaff, the chair of the infected blood inquiry, that such payments should be extended immediately.
That confusion by the Prime Minister and his officials is deeply hurtful to those who are still waiting for the Government to respond to Sir Brian Langstaff’s second interim report on compensation published in April.
Sir Brian made it clear that the compensation scheme should be set up now and should begin work this year.
We are nearly in November, very close to the end of 2023, and there is still no clarity from the Government.
We have no idea what progress the Government have made on their work, despite being told repeatedly that it was at pace and they were working towards the original November deadline for the publication of the final report, which is now due out in March.
Surely they have some progress to report to the House.
The Government have also failed to explain why victims of the infected blood scandal are being treated differently from the victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal, who rightly have received compensation before the public inquiry into their scandal has concluded.
If the Government are determined to needlessly delay justice to victims of the infected blood scandal, that makes the need to extend interim payments to bereaved parents, children and siblings—as recommended by Sir Brian—even more critical.
The clue is in the word—they are interim payments, to be made before the final compensation payments.
That is why what the Prime Minister said yesterday is so wrong.
There has been not one word on whether the interim payments will be extended.
I wonder whether you might be able to assist me, Madam Deputy Speaker, in getting the Government to tell the House of Commons what they are doing in relation to Sir Brian’s final recommendations on compensation.