The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the cost of bus fares.
The Government are investing nearly £600 million to introduce a £2 fare cap on single bus fares in England outside London.
We had introduced it on  1 January 2023  to help passengers to save on their regular travel costs, but the Prime Minister announced recently that it would be extended until the end of 2024.
Just this week, the Government also announced an indicative additional bus service improvement plan worth more than £13 million for West Yorkshire.
I warmly welcome the Government’s support, which is making bus journeys across Keighley and our wider area much more affordable.
As a result of the bus service improvement plan, as from last month we have a new £1 zone in Keighley, making travel around the town much more affordable, with the K3 and K7 services becoming more frequent.
Moreover, a single ticket for other journeys costs just £2, thanks to the Government.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this demonstrates that our Conservative Government recognise the importance of local, affordable travel links that help to support our communities?
This Government certainly do.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising our commitment to supporting bus services, not just in his constituency but right across the country.
This is just a small part of the £3.5 billion we have invested in bus services, with much more to come, including our recent announcement of another £150 million for the bus service improvement plan from the money for Network North, starting next year.
The Department’s data shows that, between June 2022 and June 2023, bus fares dropped by 7.4% in England, outside London.
Whereas in London, Wales and Scotland, where buses are devolved, fares have increased by 6%, 6.3% and 10.3% respectively.
Let me put this in context.
In South Yorkshire, since 2010, bus passenger miles have dropped by 50%, which is a catastrophic fall in the use of our bus services.
The cuts to services mean that many communities are now cut off completely.
When the Government came to allocate the recent funding, which is welcome, did they take account of the fact that South Yorkshire had previously had no BSIP funding whatsoever?
Adding the current funding to the previous funding, South Yorkshire has had far less per passenger head than other parts of the country.
Why have the Government so discriminated against South Yorkshire and my constituents?
I think you need an Adjournment debate.
I would welcome an Adjournment debate on South Yorkshire buses, if  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts)  were to put in for one.
I spoke to the Mayor of South Yorkshire just this week, and he said that the authority will need around £8 million next year to put back all the services that have been removed over the past few years.
In our Network North allocation, it is getting £67.8 million next year.
On top of that, he is getting another £3 million in BSIP funding next year.
With all the extra cash this Government are providing, he should be able to provide exactly what the hon.
Gentleman suggests.
That is in addition to the “Get Around for £2” fare scheme, which will benefit any of his constituents who can use a bus.
What comparative assessment he has made of the economic impact of Network North and the second phase of High Speed 2.
Before I answer this question, Mr Speaker, may I put on record, on behalf of the Government side of the House and myself, that I share your congratulations to Jim on his service so far and still to come.
It sounds like Quentin Letts was rather kinder to him than he often is to many of us.
As the cost of HS2 has increased, the relative benefits have dwindled.
Every penny of the £36 billion that would have been spent on phase 2 of HS2 will be reinvested into local infrastructure and transport schemes across the country, including £20 billion on projects across the north.
That investment will support thousands of new jobs, on top of the thousands already supported by the construction of phase 1 from Birmingham to London Euston.
We know how vital rail infrastructure is for economic growth, connectivity and inward investment.
Eighty-five per cent of the projects announced in Network North were previously promised, committed to or subject to approval.
If those projects have not been delivered in the 13 years that this rabble have had in government, why should my constituents trust that this is not a case of the north, yet again, having to choose and getting neither, while London gets HS1, HS2, Crossrail 1, Crossrail 2 and a fully integrated and Department for Transport-subsidised public transport system?
I think the hon.
Lady is missing the fact that every single penny that we are not spending on phase 2 of HS2 in the north is being—[Interruption.]
No, she raises a good point.
Every penny of what was going to be spent in the north is being spent in the north, and every single penny that was going to be spent in the midlands is being reinvested in the midlands.
It is the money that has been freed up from our more ambitious development project at Euston that will be spent in the rest of the country.
The north of England is getting exactly the same amount of money, it is just  being spent on transport projects that are better fitted to what people actually need, rather than phase 2 of HS2.