I agree with my right hon.
Friend, who has enormous experience in this area, that regional airports are vital to the UK and support thousands of jobs across the regions, as well as acting as a gateway for international opportunities.
It nevertheless is the case that as Heathrow considers its expansion plans, it will need to decide when to take those forward, and when it does so, I hope it will bear the very important issue of regional connectivity in mind.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of progress on decarbonising road transport.
The UK has one of the most ambitious decarbonisation programmes of any country in the G7.
In March this year, the Government published a globally unprecedented level of detail on their plans to meet emission reduction commitments, including those from road transport.
The carbon budget delivery plan sets out the policies and quantified carbon reductions needed to meet carbon budgets 4 and 5 and the vast majority  of reductions needed to meet our commitments into  the 2030s.
On heavy goods vehicle road transport in particular, the start of the zero-emission road freight trials is welcome, but where is the low-carbon fuel strategy?
Such fuels can cut emissions by 80%.
The strategy will be crucial for shaping the investment plans of logistics companies, so why is it nearly a year late, and when are we going to see it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue of HGVs.
As he acknowledges, last week the Government announced the four winning projects of the £200 million zero-emission HGV and infrastructure competition, which will roll out 370 zero-emission HGVs and around 57 refuelling and electric charging sites.
This is part of a much broader strategy, which is about developing different fuel alternatives.
The technology continues to change very rapidly.
We have already heard some fascinating news about the development of solid-state batteries, and the Government are tracking and following all these developments closely.