First, she said that she thought the Prime Minister had perhaps made an incorrect statement.
She will know that Mr Speaker is always very anxious that, if  any incorrect information has been said inadvertently, it should be corrected at the earliest opportunity.
She has also raised a number of issues about when the Government might come forward with further information.
Fortunately, we have the Leader of the House here, who was listening closely to the right hon.
Lady, and I think she wishes to respond.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I will be brief.
I am sure that, if there were business questions, the right hon.
Lady would have asked that question.
I thank her for the work that she and her all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood have done.
The position that she set out is correct.
I was here yesterday, and I do not think that the Prime Minister sought to state that it was otherwise.
Given we do not have a business statement today, I will write to the Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Jeremy Quin) , on the specific issue of those affected who have not received interim compensation payments, to ask that he consider what she has said today and update her and the House at the earliest opportunity.
I would stress that the compensation study was set up to be concurrent with the inquiry, so that we could move swiftly to make amends for this appalling injustice.
I know, because I had meetings with my officials yesterday, that that is very much the view of the Minister.
He is determined to make progress on these things quickly and on the practical things that we can do in the interim.
The right hon.
Lady has my assurance on that.
My involvement is to ensure that, if any legislation is needed, we are ready to do that.
I reassure the House—and thank her for the opportunity to do so—that this Government, which set up the inquiry, are determined to ensure that all people infected and affected have justice.