The hon.
Gentleman makes a fair point.
The wait times for theory driving tests are within target.
He is absolutely right to draw the House’s attention to the fact that there is currently a longer waiting time for practical driving tests.
That is why both I and the roads Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden) , have tasked the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency, which has a plan to get back within target in the next few months, exactly to help those constituents of the hon.
Gentleman who are keen to get their practical test and get on the road, so that they can take advantage of the freedom that being able to drive offers.
I am sure the hon.
Lady, my neighbour, welcomed the news yesterday evening that Go North East and Unite the union have managed to reach a  settlement in the north-east.
That is quite good news.
I am sure she will also welcome the £163.5 million that we have put into bus service improvement plans, which include the option to do bus franchising.
This Government have been happy to make that available to all local authorities.
I just do not accept that at all.
I gave a run through of a list of the £36 billion that is being put back into local projects, including £1.8 billion extra for the north-east.
That could, for example, be an option for the Leamside line to be reopened.
I would have thought that, rather than stating that none of this is going to happen, the hon.
Member would be holding us to account to make sure it does, and that she might actually support investment.
There will be as much investment—indeed, more—in all areas.
I am sorry to hear about that incident; it must have been incredibly distressing for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I will raise that case specifically with British Transport police, and I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
The Vice-Chamberlain of the Household reported to the House, That the Address praying that His Majesty will appoint Dame Laura Cox to the Office of Ordinary Member of the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority with effect from  1 August 2023  for the period ending  31 July 2028  was presented to His Majesty, who was graciously pleased to comply with the request.
The Vice-Chamberlain of the Household reported to the House, That the Address praying that His Majesty will re-appoint Dame Susan Bruce as an electoral commissioner with effect from  1 January 2024  for the period ending  31 December 2026 ; appoint Sheila Ritchie as an electoral commissioner with effect from  1 February 2024  for the period ending  31 January 2027 ; and appoint Carole Mills as an electoral commissioner with effect from  1 January 2024  for the period ending  31 December 2027 , was presented to His Majesty, who was graciously pleased to comply with the request.
Before we proceed to the next item of business, I would like to acknowledge that this is the last working day in the Chamber of Jim Davey, the Speaker’s Trainbearer.
Before he moves on to an exciting new role within the House, I want to express my personal thanks, and those of honourable colleagues and the whole of the Speaker’s Office, to Jim, who has served as Trainbearer for the last 12 years.
When I became Speaker, he made that transition into the role so much easier with his encyclopaedic knowledge of procedural matters in the Chamber and his authoritative recollection of events that have taken place here during his time in office.
In 2013, a political sketchwriter commented: “The trainbearer will, I hope, forgive me if I report that he carries his page-boy uniform, complete with rosette…with aplomb.”
But of course, nothing fazes Jim.
In his 12 years, he has seen a lot and still retained that aplomb.
Of course, we all thought that Quentin Letts just did it for Members, but Jim has also had the privilege of Mr Letts’s evaluation of his proceedings.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in wishing Jim well in his next job as Senior Clerk in the Table Office.
I know that many Members rely on his wise counsel, so I am pleased that we will retain his knowledge and experience, and that they will be put to good use just along the Corridor.
The good news for me is that at least I do not have far to go for the benefit of that knowledge this time.
So, Jim, can we wish you well and thank you for everything you have done?
It has been amazing.
With aplomb, thank you again.