The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point and sets out an excellent idea.
I am sure that the Minister, as part of the expansion or integration of the manifesto, can take it on board.
As I was saying, my hon.
Friend was delighted that Swansea University announced last Friday that it would be introducing menopause into the curriculum for all of  its medical students, as well as launching a menopause clinic for staff and students.
I truly hope that it will be the first of many universities to do this.
Future policy in this area, and an improved women’s health strategy, will be possible only if more funding is dedicated to this vital research.
The seventh and final part of the manifesto calls for a review of the demand for specialist menopause care.
We need to look at existing provision, evaluate where increased secondary care is needed and assess other ways in which women could seek help.
That might, for example, include access to specialist nurses in primary care and pharmacists, to ease the demand on GPs.
That is another simple recommendation that would be easy to achieve, while having a significant impact on the care and support that women are able to access.
Nothing in the all-party group’s manifesto is difficult to achieve; no big contracts or big budgets are needed to make the changes that will significantly improve women’s experiences.
The only thing that is needed is a commitment to prioritise this area of women’s health.
We need a commitment to improve support, diagnosis and access to treatment for all those who need it.
Who would not want that?
I know that every Member of this House would want it.
We need a commitment to show the 51% of the population who will directly experience menopause that they matter—that they really matter.
It is an absolute pleasure to follow my good friend  the hon.
Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd) .
I was originally excited to see that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was going to be opening the debate, simply because her enthusiasm for this subject is contagious and draws people in, but he has done incredible justice to the opening of the debate.
It is marvellous to see a number of male colleagues in the Chamber.
I grew up in a house with five brothers and an Irish Catholic mother, and the word “menopause” would in no circumstances ever have crossed her lips.
I then went to an all-boys school and went on to do civil engineering at university.
There were no girls at my school and just two women on my civil engineering course, in the whole of the department, so my exposure to women was somewhat limited until I finally got off the building site and into a traditional workplace.
There I found that men whose experience was not as sheltered as mine had no greater knowledge or understanding of this topic, although I felt they had far less excuse.
So when my wife began to experience the symptoms of the menopause, originally neither she nor I, nor her GP, fully understood what was going on—certainly, menopause was not the initial diagnosis.
That highlighted for me how difficult and challenging it must be for some women: they present to their GP, the GP misdiagnoses or misunderstands their symptoms, and then the problem is protracted because the appropriate treatment is not identified quickly enough.
With an understanding of that and as an MP representing the good people of Willenhall, Bloxwich and Walsall North, it was important to me to engage as much as possible with people who could help.
We found a place for a menopause café—somewhere where women and men could come and sit down and talk about this topic, over a cup of tea and a slice of cake, in a relaxed  environment.
I think it is beholden on us, particularly male colleagues, in our role as MPs, to do everything we can to ensure that everybody is as well informed as possible.
As I said in my intervention, in our male roles as family members, friends and relatives, it is incredibly important for us to first understand the symptoms and the range of appropriate treatments available, so that we can fully provide the necessary support.
The hon.
Gentleman has mentioned families, groups and work colleagues.
Does he agree that women who go through early menopause may find it difficult to discuss the subject with their employers?
Those conversations need to be had, to ensure that women of any age are supported and enabled to engage fully in all aspects of their workplace instead of being excluded, perhaps unintentionally.