By the time we next meet for Transport orals, it will have been more than three years since the Government consultation on pavement parking closed.
Are we ever going to see a Government response, or is it time that the Government came clean with disability groups and admitted that they have put this issue in the “too hard to do” pile?
It is certainly not in the “too hard to do” pile—it is something we are looking at.
It is one of the biggest responses we have had on any issue, with tens of thousands of responses, so it is only right that the Government take our time to ensure we get the position right.
In the meantime, any local authority across the country can put in place a traffic regulation order and ensure those changes happen on a local level.
Potholes and road repairs are a key concern for many of my fellow Gedling residents so I warmly welcome the recent announcement of over £8 billion of spend on potholes.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that money will be spent where it is needed most and outline how much of it is coming to the east midlands?
Details of how that £8.3 billion of funding will be allocated to local authorities will be published in due course, and I hope we will be able to make an announcement about that in the not-too-distant future to give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
It will be for each individual local highway authority to decide how to spend that money and to focus on the most important parts of their network.
They have the local knowledge to do that and we trust them to spend that money wisely, and I am sure my hon.
Friend will make representations to them about which parts of his constituency that money should be targeted at.
Scotland has had a far more progressive approach to encouraging the switch to electric vehicles with incentives including interest-free loans for electric vehicles, enhanced home-charger grants and a far more comprehensive charging network with twice as many rapid chargers per head as England.
The Scottish Government’s Cabinet Secretary for net zero has described the delay on banning petrol and diesel car sales as an “unforgiveable betrayal of current and future generations”, putting the UK on the “wrong side of history” on climate change.
She is right, isn’t she?
I do not think that, for the reasons we have described, there is anything to complain about in relation to the progress we are making across England.
Charge point roll-out remains very rapid—43% in the last 12 months —and there are 49,000 public charge points at the moment and 400,000 private and business ones, and new regulations and a new mandate have just been laid.
Chalkwell station in beautiful Leigh-on-Sea has 40 steep steps to get up from and down to the platform; it is 100% inaccessible.
I was told last year by the Treasury that work on it is part of the £350 million Department for Transport Access for All programme.
Work was supposed to start a year ago, but nothing has happened.
The timetable has slipped; it is not due to be completed until March 2026.
To ensure that there is no further slippage on this timetable, will the Minister meet with me?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Chalkwell, Ockendon and Southend East remain within the Access for All programme.
We have delivered 230 stations and we will deliver those three as well.
We had an issue with the contractor putting in a cost estimate that was about double what I would expect; that is why we have had to look anew, but I will very happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further, and she has that commitment.
We will deliver it.
Can the Minister confirm that although HS2—or maybe HS1- and-a-quarter—is going no further than Birmingham, the HS2 trains will continue to run on the west coast  main line?
Is he aware of repeated reports that because the new trains are not designed for existing track, the high- speed trains to Glasgow will go slower than the existing trains on that line?
Can the Minister categorically assure the House that that is not the case, and tell us how much time will be cut from the train journey from Glasgow to Birmingham?
It comes down to choices.
We could have chosen to continue with HS2, which would not have delivered the value we need, with time overrunning, or we could have done as the Scottish National party did when it built two ferries at a shipyard that had been nationalised, going four times over budget and running seven years late.
Alternatively, we could have done as it did on the tram—described by the Edinburgh tram inquiry as a “litany of avoidable failures”.
When there are choices to be made, the SNP ploughs on regardless.
Open access passenger and freight train operators have recovered faster since the pandemic, experience higher staff morale with fewer strikes, provide better deals for passengers and cost taxpayers less too.
Over the next three to six months how many new open-access services does the Minister expect to see approved?