Article 86 of the Rome statute says that, in relation to the work of the International Criminal Court, state parties shall “cooperate fully with the Court in its investigation and prosecution of crimes within the jurisdiction of the Court.”
Given that in 2022 the UK referred Russia to the ICC, can we assume that the UK will comply with any request from the ICC for footage from the reconnaissance flights operating over Gaza?
If not, what would be the legal basis for refusing an ICC request?
As I said, the UK supports the ICC and its chief prosecutor Karim Khan.
We do have surveillance flights operating in the region.
The primary purpose of those is to help with the hostage situation.
We will say once again that we very much hope that the hostages will be released immediately.
It is absolutely the case that we will continue to urge all parties to continue to abide by international humanitarian law.
What recent steps has she taken with Cabinet colleagues to uphold the rule of law within Government.
What recent steps has she taken with Cabinet colleagues to uphold the rule of law within Government As I emphasised to the House of Lords Constitution Committee in June, the rule of law is fundamental to our constitution, and it is the duty of the Law Officers to uphold it.
I will not ask the Attorney General to comment on specific legal advice that she has given to colleagues—I know she cannot do that—but, as a general point of principle, does she agree that the inclusion of a notwithstanding clause in legislation cannot magic away the international laws to which it refers, especially if an individual claimant can still assert their rights under those international laws?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows very well, I am unable to do away with client confidentiality and give him the specifics of any legal advice that I may or may not have given.
I take very seriously my obligations to encourage the Government to act in a lawful manner and to ensure that the Government are acting in a lawful manner, both on the domestic front and on the international front.
While it is a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull East (Karl Turner)  back in his rightful place on the Front Bench, I wonder how long the Attorney General will feel able to remain in hers.
How comfortable is she with the draft Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, which seeks to oust the jurisdiction of our highest courts, denies our country’s international treaty obligations and treats our constitution and the rule of law with contempt?
She has rightly said that her first duty is “as an officer of the court”, and she has called for a “respectful relationship” between the Executive and the courts.
Is that why her name does not appear on the face of the Bill?
May I start by thanking the former shadow Solicitor General for his great work while in that post and in particular for his championing of the pro bono movement, which I know he has always taken extremely seriously?
It has been and remains a pleasure to do business with him.
He knows perfectly well—better than most—that I cannot give from the Dispatch Box the details of legal advice that I have been giving to the Government, or of whether or not I have been giving such advice.
That remains the case.
I remain very comfortable in my role, and I hope that I will remain in this role to give the Government legal advice for a long time to come.
I join colleagues on both sides of the House in welcoming the new shadow Solicitor General, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull East (Karl Turner) , to his place.
I am delighted to see his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , still contributing to our debates.
It is a pleasure and a blessing to work with both of them.
As the previous questions illustrate, there is an intense level of public interest both inside and outside the House about the legal implications of the new Rwanda Bill.
While I appreciate that there is a doctrine of client confidentiality, it is nevertheless right to ask the Attorney General formally if she will publish her full legal advice  on the Bill, as happened with the Brexit withdrawal agreement, or a summary of the legal position, as happened with the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill.
In particular, will she set out the advice given to her colleagues across Government on whether the introduction and implementation of the Bill is compatible with their obligations under the ministerial code and the civil service code?
The right hon.
Lady understands, as I hope all of us in the Chamber do, the complications of the Law Officers convention, which means that I simply cannot go into the details of my advice here.
On very rare occasions, either legal advice has been leaked or, more recently, I am glad to say, a summary of the Government’s legal position, which may or may not include the Attorney General’s advice, has been provided.
The sort of circumstances in which we would envisage that to be appropriate would be if we were taking military action overseas, for example.
It is not something that is done on a regular basis.
What I would say to colleagues, because there has been a great deal of interest in the legal position surrounding the Bill, is that the use of a section 19(1)(b) statement is not unprecedented.
In fact, I remember, as a much younger lawyer, when Tessa Jowell used such a statement for the Communications Act 2003.
That Act went on to be tested in the Strasbourg Court and the Government were successful in that case, so I would not read too much into the use of a section 19(1)(b) statement.
It is unusual, but not unprecedented.
What recent discussions she has had with the Serious Fraud Office on the prosecution of covid-19 related fraud.
The Attorney General and I regularly meet with the SFO director; however, the vast majority of covid fraud cases do not fall within the SFO’s remit, and investigations are handled by the most appropriate agency.
Recently, as the hon.
Gentleman will have heard, I visited the Insolvency Service and heard about its excellent work in relation to bounce bank loans.
Given the statement by the former director of the Serious Fraud Office that red flags were ignored, and that Parliament’s own spending watchdog estimates potential fraud of £16 billion, how much has been recovered to date and what further lessons have   been learned and applied to ensure that identification and prevention of fraud is embedded across all Government Departments, and why are the UK Government not recovering that fraud with the same zeal and determination that they have for impoverishing benefit claimants who have had overpayments through no fault of their own?
I entirely refute and disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s final comment, but he will be pleased to know that the new director of the SFO has set off apace.
He has launched new investigations.
There is a new energy and a new rigour within the SFO, but I repeat that it is not just the SFO that conducts such investigations; the Insolvency Service is also involved, and is also carrying out some excellent work.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for small boat gangs and other people traffickers.
Earlier this year, the Attorney General and I visited Western Jet Foil and the joint control room in Dover to discuss the Illegal Migration Act 2023.
The number of small boat crossings is down by a third this year, and we are seeing an increase in the number of prosecutions since the introduction of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.
Yesterday the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill was laid before the House.
It would disapply the Human Rights Act 1998 for those seeking sanctuary.
That undermines the UK’s international reputation and international law.
The Home Secretary said yesterday at the Dispatch Box that the Attorney General made it clear that the Bill is in conformity with international law, so can he confirm that that advice was given, and how is it meant to impact small boat crossings and prosecutions?
The hon.
Gentleman has kindly been present throughout question time, so he will know that I cannot confirm or deny whether advice was even sought, let alone given, let alone its content.
His question is about small boat crossings, which Government Members are determined to stop.
I was disappointed that he did not support our Nationality and Borders Act, which prosecuted the people traffickers.
That is the substance of his question.
I look forward to his reading the Bill in more detail and supporting it in due course.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he will make a statement on expediting the contract process for refurbishing existing UK trains.