We can go one better than that, in that we have already brought forward measures that allow the regulator, Ofwat, to take action, alongside tougher  penalties, now with unlimited fines.
In addition, all storm overflows will be monitored 100% by the end of this year, and there will be a much tougher approach on regulation, as the House heard in the strong response to the debate earlier this week.
The Mayor of Greater Manchester’s proposal for a 493 square mile clean air charging zone would have been a disaster for businesses in my constituency.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide an update on the Government’s response to the current Greater Manchester clean air proposal?
I can try, but the task of finding clarity in the position of the Mayor of Greater Manchester in this regard is somewhat confusing.
First he says he is in favour of tackling the issue of air quality—and, indeed, we have heard from Opposition Members how important that is—and then, when he has powers to take action, he seems to look to Westminster and expect us to act on his behalf.
Of course I will follow up my hon.
Friend’s request and seek clarity from the Mayor, but the ability to do so has, to date, been rather limited.
Why have the Secretary of State and this Conservative Government allowed water companies to increase my constituents’ bills substantially and pay out millions in executive bonuses, while failing to regulate the industry’s rampant pollution and the dumping of raw sewage in our waterways, in stark contrast to Labour’s commitment to hold those companies accountable?
Let us look behind the rhetoric.
Given that the Leader of the Opposition keeps telling us that he wants the Labour Government in Wales to be his blueprint, it is probably worth our taking a look at Labour’s record in this respect.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman asked the question, but he does not seem to want to hear about Labour’s record, which is not surprising.
Under Labour in Wales, the average number of spills from storm overflows last year was 66% higher than the average in England.
We have introduced unlimited fines and tougher regulation, and we have set strong targets in legislation.
We can see what Labour in power would deliver—we can see it in Wales: a 66% increase in storm overflows.
Can the Minister give me an update on the investigation by the Department and the UK Health Security Agency of the recently confirmed human case of influenza A(H1N2)v, which is similar to influenza viruses currently circulating in pigs in the UK?
Does he agree that infectious diseases such as this with a zoonotic potential underline the importance of the Animal and Plant Health Agency to our national biosecurity and public health, and that we should definitely be investing in the long-term redevelopment of its headquarters in Weybridge?
Swine influenza is endemic in the UK pig population.
It generally causes only mild illness, but the Health Security Agency’s investigation, with support from DEFRA, is ongoing.
We are committed to upholding the UK’s high level of biosecurity, and work is under  way, with £200 million in the current spending review, to safeguard the long-term future of Weybridge as a centre for scientific excellence in tackling high-risk diseases such as this.
rose— Order.
We have not much time, so could we go a bit faster, with shorter questions and shorter answers?
What steps has the Department taken to deliver the measures proposed in the national food strategy to encourage the reformulation of food and drink products?
That is one of the issues that I look forward to dealing with in the weeks ahead, and I shall be happy to drop a note to the hon.
Lady.
I apologise for not being here earlier, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Fly-tipping is the No. 1 issue in my constituency.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in praising Conservative-run Harrow Council for introducing free waste collections and 24-hour notice of fly-tipping clear-ups, and indeed increasing the number of fines for fly-tipping from 60 per year—under Labour—to 600 last year?
I commend the great work that Conservative-run Harrow Council is doing, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for bringing those points to our attention.
The new fly-tipping league tables allow central and local government, and indeed members of the public, to identify councils that are taking a proactive approach to enforcement—instead of simply cleaning up after fly-tippers—at fly-tippers’ expense.
A successful healthy and sustainable food system requires a number of factors, including a consumer base that can afford it.
Recent surveys show that 25% of people have removed healthy and organic food from their diet to save money.
How does the Secretary of State plan to cultivate a consumer base that will enable people to buy good, healthy food?
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has set out a whole range of methods to support consumers with the cost of living—[Interruption.]
Just as the hon.
Lady raises her hands on that, it is also worth remembering that, under the Barnett consequentials, Scotland receives more per head than those consumers in England.
So those in Scotland are better able to meet those cost-of-living pressures—[Interruption.]
SNP Members do not seem to like the facts, but it is a fact that under Barnett consequentials the funding in Scotland is higher per head that the funding in England, which allows consumers to meet those cost of living pressures and to make those choices, should they so wish.
Over the past six weeks, the Suffolk and Norfolk coast has taken a real battering.
Homes have tragically been lost to the sea,  not least in Pakefield in my constituency.
Will my right hon.
Friend review the support provided to such households and businesses, to ensure that they receive parity of support with those impacted by pluvial and fluvial flooding?
As a fellow east of England MP, I know what a fantastic champion my hon.
Friend is for his constituents and how rigorously he will ensure that those points are made.
He, as an experienced parliamentarian, will also know that many of those fiscal issues are for colleagues within the Treasury, but I am very happy to have discussions with him and to make representations where required.
Oxford was proud when Port Meadow was given bathing water status, yet just last week the water quality was again rated poor.
With the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can hold Thames Water to account for its continual failure over dumping raw sewage in Oxfordshire?
I am happy, as the Minister responsible for water quality, to meet with the hon.
Lady, but I will also say that, from the bathing water classifications we saw this week, 95.7% of bathing waters in England are rated good or excellent.
That is up from 2010, when just 76% across England were rated good.
This Government are taking water quality seriously, and I will endeavour to make sure that we go even further.
That concludes questions to DEFRA Ministers.
We all welcome the new DEFRA team.
The Attorney General was asked— What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
The Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office play a critical role in bringing economic criminals to justice.
Just yesterday, the SFO announced a new investigation into fraud at AOG Technics Ltd, an aircraft parts supplier.
That is the third new investigation launched since Nick Ephgrave became director of the SFO.
Members of the Conservative party used the pandemic as an opportunity to make money for their friends and donors totalling £3.5 billion.
When will they face justice?
I completely refute what the hon.
Lady has said.
I was looking forward to her question, but I was disappointed with the tone and  substance of it.
It is right to say that this Government are taking economic crime seriously, and fraud as well.
I hope she has seen the new fraud strategy and, importantly, the report commissioned from Jonathan Fisher KC and his review on disclosure, which is due out next summer.
The Government’s fraud strategy in May was billed as a comprehensive plan to tackle fraud against the public and business, so can the Attorney General explain why it contains no details of the number of offences suffered by business, no estimates of the losses that result, no targets in relation to business, no measures specific to business and not a single mention of the two biggest types of business fraud: procurement and payroll?
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman has seen the full strategy—that is good news.
I repeat my point about Jonathan Fisher KC, who has some important work to do.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand the volumes of crime and the volumes of digital material in the Serious Fraud Office.
Jonathan Fisher is looking at that and at disclosure, and that will help businesses, help individuals, help the country and help the SFO to get on with its job.