I am very happy to pay tribute to the dedicated Warwickshire rural crime team, which does fantastic work in that area, and especially to Carol Cotterill, who leads on it.
The Government are funding a new fly-tipping post in the national rural crime unit to optimise the role that the police can take in tackling fly-tipping in rural areas.
We have also confirmed reforms to waste carrier registration, the introduction of digital waste tracking, and the abolition of DIY local waste tips.
Does the Minister agree that a real problem with fly-tipping is skips?
Unscrupulous and dodgy skip companies allow their skips to be filled and then, mysteriously, those skips do not end up in a legitimate place for waste.
Will he look at the new technology we could have?
I believe that every skip should have a gizmo that tracks where it came from and where it is going.
Using technology in that way would solve problems, and I know that he would get a lot of cross-party support for it.
I will, of course, always welcome innovation when it comes to dealing with waste crime.
The Government are already taking action on that by awarding £1.2 million to help more than 30 councils to purchase equipment specifically to tackle fly-tipping.
Our digital waste tracking system will make it easier for authorities to identify waste that does not reach the next stage.
I will absolutely be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman if he has any ideas on this issue so that we can take them forward.
Angus is the garden of Scotland—the Minister is familiar with Angus, as we all know—but we also have a fly-tipping blight that is deeply concerning for our communities.
Farmers do their best to clear up those messes, but it is not just commercial fly-tippers taking an opportunity to make a fast buck; other people are avoiding proper refuse centres.
Can the Minister assure the House that £1.2 million is enough?
The Barnettised share of that for Scotland does not amount to very much.
Will he redouble those efforts?
Let us get a grip on this blight.
I do know Angus very well.
Like me, the hon.
Gentleman will be incredibly frustrated when he sees fly-tipping taking place in our beautiful countryside.
When it comes to rural crime, we are working with likes of the National Farmers Union, our counterparts in Scotland and others to share good practice.
As I have said, we have already funded a post within the national crime unit to explore how the police’s role in tackling fly-tipping can be optimised.
That will specifically help rural areas such as Angus.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce levels of PMair pollution.
PM2.5 is the most harmful pollutant for human health.
Our action to date on transport, industrial and domestic sources has seen PM2.5 fall by 10% since 2010.
This year, we went further by setting new targets to drive down PM2.5 concentrates, and the Government will deliver on our air quality and net zero goals by supporting businesses to innovate.
Manchester has some of the highest air pollution levels in the country, with thousands of children being seen in A&E this year alone because of asthma and the impact of air pollution.
I recently met children from St Margaret’s CofE Primary School to hear about how they are asthma-friendly and doing everything they can to reduce air pollution at their school so that all pupils are safe and healthy.
Labour’s proposal for a clean air Act would establish a legal right for everyone to breathe clean air, abiding by World Health Organisation clean air guidelines.
Why will the Government not commit to that?
It seems to me that no action is being taken at the moment by the Labour Mayor of Manchester.
The Government take air pollution incredibly seriously, which is why we have awarded £53 million to English local authorities since 2010 to support the delivery of more than 500 local projects specifically to tackle air pollution.
We have also put an additional £10.7 million—granted to 44 local authorities in 2023 alone—into tackling the negative implications of air quality specifically.
Research shows that PM2.5 can be 3% to 8% higher in electric versions of heavier applications, such as buses and trucks, than in their internal combustion engine equivalents.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in order to get clean air and cut down PM2.5, we need an eclectic future that embraces all technology and our great innovators, not just battery-electric?
As I have said, I will always welcome innovation when it comes to improving air quality, not only in transport but in the implications of industry and commercial operators.
It is clear that, through the Environment Act 2021, the Government introduced the legally binding targets to reduce PM2.5.
We have a set goal to reduce exposure to PM2.5 by 35% by 2040.