I, too, welcome the new Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , and the new Secretary of State—I believe he is the fifth during my time in the shadow Environment team.
The fish our fishers catch is vital to our food security, but the recent antics of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, which is, in the name of safety, implementing new medical rules, are leaving many inshore fishers at their wits’ end.
Can it really be right that a fisherman in the prime of his working life risks losing his livelihood because he was brave enough a few months ago to admit to a doctor that he felt anxious?
I do not think it is, so will the Secretary of State corner his colleague the Transport Secretary in order to get him to do better than a temporary pause on this and to look urgently at exemptions for smaller boats, as other countries have sensibly done?
It is great to have Cambridgeshire so well represented on these important issues of fishing and farming.
The shadow Minister raises an important point, because there have been concerns in the fishing sector.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries and I have been in touch with Department for Transport  colleagues on this issue.
There have been amendments to the regulations as a result of those discussions, which are ongoing.
However, we should not alarm people either, and the way that the shadow Minister characterised this—suggesting that someone went to their GP and raised an issue, and that prevented them from following their livelihood—is not what the regulations do.
I recognise that there have been concerns in the sector.
We are looking at them closely and following them up, but the situation is not as he characterised it.
That would cause undue harm to those in the fishing sector.
Post-Brexit attempts to recruit domestic workers into agricultural jobs have not managed to fill existing vacancies, leaving firms unable to produce at pre-Brexit levels.
New Government rules on migration now put the minimum income requirements for immigrant workers far higher than the level currently earned by an agricultural worker in the UK.
In that context, what assessment is he and his Department making of the impact that his Government’s draconian immigration policies will have on the security of domestic food production and on the cost and availability of food for consumers as they continue to battle the cost of living crisis to put food on their tables?
Of course we will work with colleagues in the fishing industry to discuss the impacts of the Home Office announcement—[Interruption.]
Perhaps the hon.
Member would like to hear the answer, having asked the question.
That is part of the discussions that we will have.
It is worth reminding the House that, for farming, the seasonal agricultural workers scheme is separate and is not part of the announcement from Home Office colleagues this week.
However, there will be questions from the fishing industry, and we stand ready to work with it on those.
Whether he has had recent discussions with representatives of supermarkets on their proposed changes to the Red Tractor scheme.
The Red Tractor assurance scheme is independent and its relationship with food retailers is a commercial matter for it.
Separately, the Government will launch a review of the fresh produce sector to understand issues relating to fairness in the supply chain.
It is important that consumers know about the food they buy.