I am grateful to the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
The news that the Russian intelligence service is behind an effort to target Members of this House and the other place, civil servants, journalists and NGOs is not just concerning; it is an attack—not only on individuals, but on British democracy, on both sides of this House, and on the public we represent.
Labour, along with the whole House, condemns it in the strongest terms.
The news comes as we approach 2024, the year of elections not only in Britain, but in the United States, India and the EU, with more than 70 elections scheduled in 40 countries across the world.
Democracy is built on trust, and trust must be built on the confidence that politicians on all sides are able to conduct the business of democracy free from interference.
Let me ask the Minister some specific questions about these revelations.
First, is he confident that the Government have uncovered the full extent of the cyber-attack and every person who was affected?
Secondly, on the response, I welcome the announcement of the designation of two individuals following the hack of the Institute for Statecraft, but has any specific action been taken to respond to the cyber-attack on parliamentarians that the Minister has revealed today?
If not, why not?
Thirdly, as we approach the general election, what additional steps are the Government taking to ensure the integrity of the democratic process?
Will they make their officials available to ensure that Members on both sides of this House are free from interference; to train, equip and support Members and all staff to better identify and respond to the challenge; and to ensure not just that their digital communications are protected, but that their offices, staff and families are, too?
This revelation is shocking but not unexpected.
It is the latest episode in a long pattern of hostile activities by Russia and other hostile states, including Iran and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, against Britain and our allies.
There is more that we can do.
Labour has committed to the establishment of a democratic resilience centre in Government to work with our allies to protect our democratic values, political institutions, elections and open societies.
Will the Government commit  to creating one?
As the shadow Home Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper) , has outlined, we do not yet have a robust and long-lasting equivalent of the cross-Government counter-terrorism strategy—CONTEST —for dealing with hostile states.
Will the Government commit to creating one?
Labour has proposed a joint cell between the Home Office and the Foreign Office to speed up decision making, share intelligence and expertise, and remove traditional barriers between Departments.
Will the Government commit to creating one?
They still have not amended terror legislation to allow the Government to ban hostile state-sponsored organisations that are undermining our national security.
Will they commit to doing so?
The Russia report has still not been fully implemented.
Will the Government urgently update the House on when that will be completed?
This is not just about cyber-attacks and direct digital interference; it is about wider malign activity, including the use of artificial intelligence and deepfakes to seed false narratives, spread lies and foment divisions.
That includes the widespread use of disinformation, misinformation and malinformation to undermine our democracy, through mainstream and social media, and other means.
Labour has committed to urgently introducing binding regulation of companies developing the most powerful frontier AI, which could be used to disrupt elections.
Will the Government commit to doing so too?
Will they also commit to ensuring adequate resourcing for the National Cyber Security Centre, the intelligence agencies and the defending democracy taskforce?
I give the Minister every assurance that the Labour party will work in partnership and full co-operation with the Government and all relevant authorities to take every necessary step to address this threat and protect the integrity of our political process from hostile interference.
As politicians from different parties, we have all stood united across the House against Putin’s imperial aggression in Ukraine.
That unity is a source of strength and pride.
In the face of these threats, this House must remain united, Britain must remain united and democracies must remain united in defence of our institutions and against those who seek to undermine the great values that our society is founded upon.
I am grateful for the tone and constructive content of the right hon.
Gentleman’s response.
He is right to say that 2024 is a bumper year of elections, involving some 70 elections and billions of people across 40 countries.
This is a matter of trust and confidence, which is why we have made this statement now, to ensure that its full deterrent effect is properly timed.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether we are confident that we have uncovered the full extent of the activity.
We have a high degree of confidence with regard to this specific incident, but of course it is a question and our duty is to remain ever vigilant.
The lesson of this sort of activity is that a higher degree of vigilance is necessary, and that is the posture that we now maintain in terms of any future activity.
I am grateful that the right hon.
Gentleman welcomed the designation.
Specific action has been taken by the NCSC, in accordance and together with House authorities,  to ensure that all of the individuals affected have a higher degree of preventive measures in place.
The posture of the House authorities, and the security offer available, have been enhanced.
However, as I have said, it is a matter of improved vigilance on all sides.
As for additional steps we might take, there is the collective deterrent impact of our naming and shaming these individuals and designating them in our sanctions, as well as the diplomatic effort to call Russia out, combined with personal cyber-security measures on behalf of individuals—those important steps that all colleagues need to take.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Whitehall structure in this area and pointed to his own policy of calling for a joint cell.
We are confident that the defending democracy taskforce, led by the Security Minister, represents a robust and cross-departmental response.
On the wider picture of disinformation, the right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we need to up our game to counter disinformation, call Russia out and better resource and energise our own security posture in the cyber domain.
That has been done; there is an enhanced degree of resource, organisation and political will.
This public statement today is part of the hugely important deterrent effect.
The Intelligence and Security Committee was one of the first to sound the alarm on this issue in its Russia report.
More recently, we have highlighted the risk that China poses through interference in democratic discourse, for example, in think-tanks and universities.
Will the Minister update the House on what action the Government are taking in response to the recommendations made in those two substantial reports?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
Clearly, this statement is about Russia, but she draws a comparison with the activity of China.
That is an appropriate reference and I am pleased that in our domestic legislation we have the ability to ensure that countries with malign intent do not use think-tanks or other fronts to influence domestic political discourse in a way that is contrary to the health of our democracy.