I declare that I am a member of Unite the union, and met with trade union members yesterday.
The urgency of this matter cannot be overstated—the clock is ticking, and those jobs will be consulted on in the very near future if  contracts cannot be found.
The Minister wrote in September, but what has he been doing over the past three months to bring forward contracts that will enable the plant to remain open?
As I have mentioned, we have written to ask rolling stock owners what more action they can take.
Just on Monday, I was up in Yorkshire for the announcement of an extra £3.9 billion in funding for the TransPennine route upgrade.
That also starts the tendering process for new rolling stock—29 new trains, with an option for another 26—and as I mentioned, we are looking for the tendering process for Southeastern, Chiltern and Northern to go forward as well, so orders are being put into the pipeline for train manufacturers.
From the generous time he has given me on this subject, my hon.
Friend will know that overcrowding on the Chiltern line persists to a very serious degree, because the age of the rolling stock regularly leads to Chiltern having to run very short trains on the main line—trains that some people cannot even get on in the first place.
As he looks at this important subject, will my hon.
Friend do all he can to ensure that Chiltern can get trains refurbished and get new trains into the pipeline as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for the Chiltern line, and he does indeed bend my ear on that subject—he is right to do so, because that line is getting busier now, which is a positive.
That tendering process will be brought into being next year: we want to see Chiltern trains, and that process should allow them to be delivered.
We are not asking the Secretary of State to give one company special treatment over another—I should say that I am also a member of Unite the union—but I believe that the retention of British manufacturing capacity has to be regarded as strategically important for the United Kingdom.
Will he allow us to go forward by granting all companies the opportunity to bid on new rail upgrade plans, such as Crossrail, Southeastern, and even the extensive Network North plans?
Time is of the essence, and swift action from the Government can make a significant difference in securing the future of the UK rail manufacturing industry.
I can give the hon.
Member that assurance.
We will be bringing those contract tenders forward; we now have four train manufacturers, which is to be celebrated.
We have CAF in south Wales, we have Hitachi up in the north-east, we have Alstom—of course—in Derby, and now we have Siemens in Goole.
All those manufacturers are bidding, and the hon.
Member is absolutely right that there must be a fair process for all, which will take place.
It is not that long ago that we had the hated Pacer trains on the Furness line.
We were very glad to see the back of those, but of course a new, shiny train is no good if it is not running.
The Minister mentioned that if we are not seeing customer demand, that is going to hurt the industry, so  could he speak to what the Government are doing to improve customer service and get the level of train service back up to where my constituents hope it will be?
We are aware that performance needs to be a lot better than it is currently, not just from train manufacturers but from Network Rail.
Indeed, I was due to meet with the train operators this morning to discuss that issue; obviously, I have had to move that meeting, but I am very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend so that I can take his particular points into account.
We need to do more.