The Solicitor General will recall that back in 2022 the Justice Committee produced a report on fraud in the justice system and the steps needed to improve the way we tackle it.
I welcome a number of the changes that have been made, including the appointment of Mr Fisher KC, but will the Solicitor General reflect that one of the areas of concern is the type of fraud that is significant, causes real loss to businesses and individuals, but falls below the level dealt with by the SFO?
There is real concern about the capacity and expertise within police forces and the Crown Prosecution Service to tackle that level of fraud, which falls into the gap.
What is the fraud strategy and, more broadly, what are the Government going to do to empower the police and prosecuting authorities to tackle that sort of fraud?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for his question.
We take all his reports seriously, especially in this area.
The CPS charges 76% of all fraud matters placed before it and has a conviction rate of more than 84%.
I will commit to reflecting further on this matter.
The Solicitor General will be aware that the Home Affairs Committee has launched a review of fraud.
Last week, we heard fascinating testimony on romance fraud from the victim of the Netflix series “The Tinder Swindler”.
Remarkably in her case, she was treated as a perpetrator, investigated by the police and threatened with prosecution, even though she had been defrauded out of hundreds of thousands of pounds, and was led a merry dance by that chap, who is still doing what he did then.
Is there not a case for bringing together Law Officers, Ministers, the police and the social media companies to ensure that we deal with the victims and the perpetrators accordingly?
My hon.
Friend always raises serious points and brings to bear his expertise from the Home Affairs Committee.
There is a case for cross-Government working.
In my role as a Law Officer I work across all Departments, including the Home Office, and I look forward to continuing to do so.
Greensill Capital is subject to criminal investigation in the UK, Switzerland and Germany.
In Duncan Mavin’s book “A Pyramid of Lies,” he subtitles the saga “The Prime Minister, the Banker and the Billion-Pound Scandal”.
Amazingly, the company was not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Will the Attorney General please look into this massive loophole?
The scandal could have been stopped if the FCA had been able to step in earlier.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that the Attorney General and I superintend both the Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office, but that does not mean that we direct how they conduct investigations, and nor should we.
It is right and proper that both organisations conduct their matters independently of Government, and that will continue.
Further to the question by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , what guidelines are given not only to the police but to the Crown Prosecution Service about the level at which fraud will be investigated?
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on personal banking and fairer financial services, I have referred a number of cases that have come to me to the police and to the CPS, and they say that they do not have the resources to investigate them.
Could my hon.
and learned Friend update the House on the position?
My hon.
Friend is diligent in these matters, and he raises an issue that affects us all as constituency MPs, as we have all had cases brought to us that need to be investigated.
I work very closely with both the police and the Home Office, and I will continue to do so.