The Alstom Litchurch Lane factory in Derby has been building trains for over a century, since the dawn of train travel.
It has provided high-skilled jobs for the local community for generations and helps support other local companies that form part of its supply chain, and as Britain’s biggest train-building plant, it plays a pivotal role in supporting the growth of the midlands and our country’s manufacturing sector.
Following the Government’s chaos and indecision over HS2 and the lack of a long-term strategy, hundreds of highly skilled jobs at the plant are at risk, with no confirmed workload beyond the first quarter of 2024, and contracts to build trains for HS2 pushed back until 2026, creating a gap in orders.
This news will be deeply worrying for those affected and their families in the run-up to Christmas.
It will also be extremely concerning for local businesses that rely on the factory and the wider rail sector, and for the people of Derby.
The workers at Alstom have only days to get a decision out of the Minister before their livelihoods are put at risk—time is up.
They deserve to hear from the Minister how this has been allowed to happen, and what action the Government are taking to pursue a deal to secure the Derby plant and ensure that as many jobs are protected as possible.
What urgent clarity can the Government provide Alstom on the short-term rolling stock pipeline, including possible refurbishments?
I am pleased that the Minister confirmed that he will be meeting representatives from Unite the union, and I hope that he will commit to working with them to safeguard jobs.
When can the factory finally get certainty on HS2 orders, so that it can plan for the future and secure jobs?
How many more rail manufacturing jobs across the country are at risk following the Government’s recent decision on HS2?
Earlier this year, Derby was named the Government’s home of Great British Railways.
Just seven months on, the future of its landmark factory is in danger.
At the heart of this is the chaos and indecision of the Conservative party.
The Minister owes the people of Derby and the country an explanation of what he plans to do to stop the Prime Minister’s HS2 fiasco leading to more job losses.
I will, if I may, deal with the matter of HS2 head-on.
The shadow rail Minister made that same point, saying that this was somehow linked to HS2, and it has now been made from the Dispatch Box  today.
The Secretary of State responded to the shadow rail Minister, so I shall put this on the record.
With regard to HS2, he said: “I can assure you this is not the case.
Alstom is part of a contract with Hitachi to design, build and maintain HS2 trains for Phase One only.
Phase One of HS2 between Birmingham and London will continue”.
That position has been reiterated by Alstom’s chief executive.
I gently point out to  the hon.
Member for Wakefield (Simon Lightwood)  that this has nothing to do with HS2; that has been established, and it is erroneous to claim otherwise.
The hon.
Member also has to bear in mind that we now have four train manufacturers.
We cannot just award a contract to one manufacturer; there has to be a fair tender process for all the jobs across all four plants.
The Department for Transport has won a case brought by one of the other train manufacturers, demonstrating that our tendering process is fair.
My hon.
Friend referred in his opening statement to a new order from TransPennine.
He will be aware that there is severe overcrowding on the Cleethorpes-Manchester-Liverpool service, because the trains have been reduced from six carriages to three in recent months.
Can he enlighten me as to when the new stock will be coming forward, as it will greatly please my constituents?
I hope my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be comforted by the order, because it is not just an order for new TransPennine express trains but a complete upgrade of the TransPennine route.
The UK Government are spending more money on the TransPennine upgrade than was spent on the Elizabeth line, and that will mean delivering a better service.
I was with the managing director of TransPennine trains on Monday up in Yorkshire and we were discussing just that.
We need to improve the service and the rolling stock.
Upgrades to our trains must include electrification, but electrification is at a standstill, with only 101 miles of track being electrified this year.
East West Rail will not be electrified as standard, and dirty diesel trains are still going through Bath.
Will the Minister commit to a long-term plan for electrification?