The Prime Minister’s Network North plan did just that—electrification for Hull, between Sheffield and Manchester, and between Sheffield and Leeds.
They are vast projects, not small projects.
With regard to East West Rail, that is the upgrade of an existing line, which has its bridge sizes all the way through from Winslow to Bletchley, so it is difficult to put electrification on to that part.
Let me remind the hon.
Lady that there has been more than 1,200 miles of electrification in the past 12 years compared with just over 60 miles in the 12 years before that.
I think that is a pretty good record.
I, too, have met workers from the Alstom plant in Derby and, as a Unite member myself, representatives of Unite as well.
It was pleasing to hear that workers, representatives and management are united in their desire to retain good, high-skilled manufacturing jobs and train production  there.
I want to press the Minister again about recognising the importance of retaining the only end-to-end train production facilities in the UK during this short-term blip in production, so to speak.
Does he agree that this investment in public transport is vital if we want to tackle the net zero challenges we face?
The hon.
Lady is correct: that is vital.
The challenge, and it is a good challenge, is that we now have four manufacturers, and we need to help them with international orders.
That is why I sometimes go abroad with trade envoys from those companies to export around the globe.
The average age of our rolling stock is down to just under 17 years—six years ago, it was 20 years—and as it gets fresher, there is a challenge with pipelines as well.
However, we are bringing contracts forward so that we can fill the order book better.
As a Derbyshire Member of Parliament, I can tell the Minister that there is huge concern about the future of Alstom.
I think it is perfectly reasonable to say that the Government have lacked strategic direction on rail.
They have gone from one project to another, and in the last few years there has been no sense of an industrial strategy.
When we have had these debates in the past, Ministers were always blaming the EU and saying we could not support British manufacturing because of the EU.
We are now out of the EU, and it seems to me that countries such as Germany are much better at supporting their manufacturing.
Can we have a real sense of urgency from the Minister and an indication that the Government are going to make sure, strategically, that these jobs are saved?
I assure the hon.
Member that the Secretary of State in particular has been meeting Alstom, and our officials and our director general meet Alstom, including with representatives.
I will be doing so on Tuesday week.
We will do everything we can to assist, but this is a commercial matter for the operator.
As I have mentioned, I have been to that plant with the Transport Committee and seen what it does for the workforce and for the supply chain.
We will be doing everything we can to assist Alstom in keeping that plant open.