The Government have long highlighted the threat to the UK and our allies from malicious cyber activity conducted by the Russian intelligence services.
I can confirm today that the Russian Federal Security Service, the FSB, is behind a sustained effort to interfere in our democratic processes.
It has targeted Members of this House and the other place.
It has been targeting civil servants, journalists and non-government organisations.
It has been targeting high-profile individuals and entities with a clear intent, using information it obtains to meddle in British politics.
Madam Deputy Speaker, you and parliamentary security have been briefed on the details of that activity.
We want to be as open as we can with the House and the British public.
Our commitment to transparency stands in sharp contrast to the efforts of the KGB’s successors to exert influence from the shadows.
What can we confirm today?
I want to stress five particular points of our assessments.
First, Centre 18, a unit within Russia’s FSB, has been involved in a range of cyber-espionage operations targeting the UK.
Secondly, Star Blizzard, a cyber group that the National Cyber Security Centre assesses is almost certainly subordinate to Centre 18, is responsible for a range of malign activities targeting British parliamentarians from multiple parties.
Thirdly, using those means, the group has selectively leaked and amplified the release of sensitive information in service of Russia’s goals of confrontation.
In 2020, when he was Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Dominic Raab)  confirmed to the House that Russia had done that before the 2019 elections with documents related to UK-US trade.
I can now confirm that we know Star Blizzard was involved in this operation.
Fourthly, these cyber actors use a combination of targeting, tailoring their operations in a far more sophisticated way than is usually the case with, for instance, commonplace cyber criminals.
They typically engage in thorough research and preparation, including via social media and networking platforms.
Having thus identified ways to engage a target, they create false accounts, impersonating contacts to appear legitimate, and create a believable approach, seeking to build a rapport before delivering a malicious link to either a document or website of interest.
While they have targeted business and corporate emails, the group predominantly targets personal email addresses.
Finally, the targeting of this group is not limited to politicians, but includes public-facing figures and institutions of all types.
We have seen impersonation and attempts to compromise email accounts across the public sector, universities, media, non-governmental organisations and wider civil society.
Many of those individuals and  organisations play a vital role in our democracy.
As an example, the group was responsible for the 2018 hack of the Institute for Statecraft, a UK think-tank whose work included initiatives to defend democracy against disinformation, and the more recent hack of its founder, whose account was compromised from 2021.
In both cases, documents were subsequently leaked.
The Government’s assessment is based on extensive analysis from the UK intelligence community and supported by a range of close international partners.
Today, allies from the Five Eyes and the Euro-Atlantic region are joining us in illuminating the pervasive nature of this threat to our shared democratic values.
I pay tribute to the dedicated public servants, in our own agencies and those of our partners, whose painstaking work has allowed us to expose the reality of the threat we face.
Taken together, the UK Government judge that these actions demonstrate a clear and persistent pattern of behaviour.
Russia’s attempted interference in political and democratic processes, through cyber or any other means, is unacceptable.
I reassure the House that we have identified targeting of parliamentary colleagues and engaged with victims through both the National Cyber Security Centre and the parliamentary authorities.
The Government will continue to expose and respond to malign cyber activity, holding Russia accountable for its actions.
To that end, the UK has designated two individuals under the UK’s cyber sanctions regime, following a thorough investigation by the National Crime Agency into the hack of the Institute for Statecraft.
In doing so we send a clear message that these actions have consequences.
This morning, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has summoned the Russian ambassador to the Foreign Office to convey that message.
We have robust systems in place to protect against the threat from foreign malign influence.
The Minister for Security, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) , leads the defending democracy taskforce, which drives work to improve our resilience against these threats.
Our National Cyber Security Centre, alongside Five Eyes partners, today published a technical advisory to provide guidance to organisations and individuals at risk of being targeted to help defend against such attacks.
We will continue to defend ourselves from adversaries who seek to threaten the freedoms that underpin our democracy.
It is and always will be an absolute priority to protect our democracy and elections.
A key component of increasing our resilience is supporting the National Cyber Security Centre and parliamentary authorities to deliver an enhanced cyber-security offer to right hon.
and hon.
Members, and to Members of the other place, that aims to better protect them against this insidious threat and support the resilience of our lively democratic society.
We hope that this statement helps to raise awareness of the threat and allows those in public life, in this House and beyond, to recognise how they may be targeted by such operations.
Russia has a long-established track record of reckless, indiscriminate and destabilising malicious cyber-activity, with impacts felt all over the world.
In recent years, the Government have, alongside allies, uncovered numerous instances of Russian intelligence targeting of critical national infrastructure, for example.
We have worked in close co-ordination with our intelligence partners to expose sophisticated cyber-espionage tools aimed at  sensitive targets.
The irony of Russia’s abusing the freedoms that it denies its own people to interfere in our politics will not be lost on anyone.
Of course, our political processes and institutions have endured in spite of those attacks, but the cyber threat posed by the Russian intelligence services is real and serious.
All right hon.
and hon.
Members should pay careful attention to it in the course of their work and their daily lives.
Many in this House may not consider themselves a potential victim.
I want to underline to the whole House that the targeting can be extremely convincing.
We must all play our part in exercising good cyber practices, using appropriate caution and following the good guidance of the National Cyber Security Centre and others to mitigate the threat.
That is how we defend ourselves and our precious democracy.
I commend this statement to the House.