As the Minister said, Russia’s actions demonstrate a clear and persistent pattern of behaviour.
Given that, have the Government considered making cyber-security training mandatory for all MPs and their staff?
He will be aware of the belief that one of our weakest links in our cyber defences is our staff, who are constantly targeted by unscrupulous external actors.
Although they are not House employees, it would be a reasonable precaution for MPs’ staff to receive in-house training  on exactly what to look out for, how to avoid getting sucked into a trap and what they should do if they have even the slightest suspicion that they are being targeted.
Democracy is under attack.
Just last week, the Canadian Government’s Communications Security Establishment released a new report on cyber threats to elections saying that at least a quarter of national elections around the world were targeted by some manner of threat, and that China and Russia were the most active countries and were launching increasingly sophisticated influence operations by spreading disinformation and seeking to push elections in a specific direction.
Perhaps most worryingly, the Canadian report states in relation to AI undermining elections: “We assess it very likely that the capacity to generate deepfakes exceeds our ability to detect them.”
With MPs facing having their emails hacked, the democratic process being undermined and the UK general election just around the corner, what are the Government doing to proactively defend the integrity of those elections, and when can the House expect to hear about it?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s comments and questions.
He is absolutely right about the scale of the threat.
Alongside our calling Russia out and describing the nature of the threat, it is important that we point out that Russia has failed in its intent to undermine our domestic politics.
It was a genuine attempt that failed, and we are now more aware and resilient.
That is why we are calling Russia out, but we should also be proud that the institutions of our democracy remain resilient.
Russia has failed in its efforts and it will continue to fail because we will continue to call it out.
The hon.
Gentleman made a very good point about staff training.
I do not think we should mandate that, but we have worked on a much-enhanced offer to ensure that cyber-security is, root and branch, part of the normal working practice of MPs and staff.
That offer has radically improved.
The House authorities will continue to keep colleagues up to date.
A higher degree of awareness in our working practice is very important and that is part of the rationale behind today’s statement.