I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I know he has had a long-standing interest in this subject since even before he was a Member of the House, and I am grateful to him for holding the Government to account.
He knows that the ULS scheme—the unduly lenient sentence scheme—is reserved for the most serious matters.
It is right to say that we keep the scheme under review.
I cannot promise or guarantee to my hon.
Friend any imminent changes to it, but I am very grateful to him for raising that important case.
Could the Solicitor General make it clearer what the scheme is about and spread the message more broadly?
I regularly write to him to say that a sentence has been too lenient.
I recently wrote to him about Bernie Ecclestone, who I thought should have been severely punished for his behaviour.
I have also sometimes written to the Solicitor General and his predecessors about too severe sentences, often involving women who have not conducted any violent crime but get long sentences.
Can we have a balance, please?
Well, it is a Thursday, and I think we have heard a call for a Backbench Business debate or, indeed, for an Adjournment debate, and I would warmly welcome that.
There have been such debates on the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
It is not a mystery—there are further details online—but I would seriously welcome a further debate to air these matters, because they are important.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that the balance between, on the one hand, unduly lenient sentences, and on the other hand, manifestly excessive sentences is important, and I look forward to his application for a debate.
If she will hold discussions with Cabinet colleagues on consulting the International Criminal Court on potential breaches of international law in the conflict between Hamas and Israel.
I know that the hon.
Lady cares deeply about the region.
She and I—and, indeed, you, Madam Deputy Speaker—visited the region together some years ago, and I know that at the current time all of us will be thinking about the places we visited and the people we met.
In answer to her question, the ICC started an investigation into the situation in Palestine in March 2021.