RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today the 12th Congressional District proudly

recognizes Staff Sergeant Essie Dell O'Bryant Woods, a lifelong

Detroiter and courageous member of the historic 6888th Central Postal

Directory Battalion.
Known as the ``Six Triple Eight,'' this all-Black, all women unit

served under grueling conditions during World War II, sorting over

65,000 pieces of mail per shift to boost troop morale across Europe.
Despite facing racism and poor living conditions, Staff Sergeant Woods

and her battalion cleared a six-month mail backlog in just three

months.
She earned numerous medals for her service and continued

supporting fellow veterans for over 35 years, co-founding the National

Association of Black Military Women and the Wolverine Chapter of the

WAC Veterans Association.
Sergeant Essie Dell O'Bryant Woods' induction into the Michigan

Military and Veterans Hall of Honor is a powerful reminder of her

legacy and the trailblazing bravery of the 6888th.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF COMMISSIONER IRMA CLARK-COLEMAN

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District honors

the life and legacy of Commissioner Irma Clark-Coleman, a tireless

champion for the people of Detroit and Wayne County.
From the Detroit

Board of Education to the Michigan Legislature, the NAACP, and the

Wayne County Commission, Irma dedicated over six decades to public

service and uplifting her community.
She was a fierce advocate for

children, seniors, and working families, always centering justice,

equity, and compassion in her work.
Commissioner Clark-Coleman was the first in her family to graduate

college, blazing trails for Black women in leadership.
Whether serving

holiday meals to our community, helping others, or advancing housing

justice, she did so with unmatched grace and conviction.
Her legacy will live on in every life she touched.
My deepest

condolences go out to her family, including her husband, Rev. Ron D.

Coleman.
Sr.,
her two children, her grandchildren, and her loved ones.
We mourn her passing, celebrate her 88 years of life, and remember her

deep commitment to public service.
May her memory continue to guide us

toward a more just and loving future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD COMMANDING

GENERAL RESIDENCY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

National Guard Commanding General Residency Act, which would require

the Commanding General of the District of Columbia National Guard to

reside in D.C. Two Congresses ago, the House Committee on Oversight and

Reform passed this bill.
The president controls the D.C. National Guard.
In contrast,

governors of the states and the three territories that have National

Guards each control their National Guards.
The Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard is the top official

in the D.C. National Guard, is appointed by the president and is a

federal employee.
There are residency requirements for government

officials in federal law, D.C. law and the laws of jurisdictions

throughout the country.
In fact, several states have laws that require

the top official in their National Guard to reside in the state, and it

is highly likely that every state and territory only appoints residents

as the top official in their National Guard.
The primary reason

residency requirements exist is so that government officials have a

connection to the residents they serve and knowledge of the unique

issues and challenges faced by residents.
Congress has justifiably required certain federal officials to reside

in the jurisdiction to which they are appointed, including U.S.

district court judges, U.S. Marshals and U.S. Attorneys.