In 1928, Huff Daland Dusters was renamed Delta Air Service to reflect

the Mississippi Delta region it served, and by the following year, the

airline's first passenger flight took off from Dallas, Texas.
By 1945,

the company accrued more than 300 million passenger miles and formally

became Delta Air Lines.
From its humble beginnings, Delta has evolved into one of the world's

leading airlines, transforming the way we travel.
Today, Delta has over

4,000 daily flights to more than 280 destinations.
Delta currently

employs a team of 100,000 people, including over 4,750 Michigan-based

employees.
Since establishing Detroit Metropolitan Airport as one of its major

hubs, Delta has transformed Michigan into a gateway to the world.
From connecting local businesses to global markets to reuniting

families across time zones, Delta has played a crucial role in shaping

Michigan's modern identity.
Through innovation, resilience, and an unwavering commitment to

safety and service, Delta has continuously redefined the air travel

experience.
As we look to the skies, we celebrate Delta Air Lines for becoming

the first U.S. airline to reach this milestone, and we wish them the

best of luck as they continue to soar to new heights.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CLAREMONT COLLEGES

HON.
JUDY CHU

Ms. CHU.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend The Claremont

Colleges on their 100th Anniversary.
I include in the Record the

following Proclamation:

Whereas, on October 14, 1925, The Claremont Colleges were

founded with the vision of creating a unique consortium of

world-class institutions rooted in academic excellence,

interdisciplinary collaboration, and a shared commitment to

the liberal arts and sciences: and

Whereas, for 100 years, The Claremont Colleges have

contributed immeasurably to the intellectual, cultural, and

civic life of California, the nation, and the world through

the education of generations of students, groundbreaking

research, and public service; and

Whereas, the consortium, comprising five undergraduate

colleges and two graduate institutions, exemplifies the

values of innovation; freedom of thought and expression; a

liberal arts foundation combined with specialized and

practical training; high academic standards; and a diverse

and inclusive community that provides students with broad

academic resources while preserving the intimacy of small

college environments; and

Whereas, The Claremont Colleges have been a vital part of

the Claremont and Southern California region, supporting the

local economy, partnering with civic organizations,

supporting community organizations, and serving as a hub for

cultural enrichment, discourse, and discovery; and

Whereas, the 100th anniversary of The Claremont Colleges is

a moment to honor the legacy of its founders, celebrate a

century of achievement, and inspire future generations to

uphold the principles of academic inquiry, leadership, and

service;

Now, therefore, be it resolved that I, Congresswoman Judy

Chu, representing California's 28th Congressional District,

do hereby recognize and commend The Claremont Colleges on the

occasion of their 100th Anniversary, and extend sincere

appreciation for their enduring contributions to the people

of California and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BATTALION CHIEF RYAN PHIPPS ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, The 12th Congressional District recognizes

and honors Battalion Chief Ryan Phipps of the Dearborn Fire Department

for over 27 years of dedicated service to the people of Dearborn,

Michigan.
Since beginning his career on April 28, 1998, Battalion Chief Phipps

has served with honor, rising through the ranks from Firefighter to

Battalion Chief and earning over 30 departmental awards and

commendations for bravery, leadership, and community service.
A two-time cancer survivor, Battalion Chief Phipps has shown

extraordinary strength and resilience both in uniform and in life.
His

commitment extends beyond the station; as Vice President of Neighbors

United, he has worked to support firefighters facing cancer.
A proud

father of four, including his stepson, and a mentor to future

firefighters, Battalion Chief Phipps exemplifies the heart of public

service.