When their home was

firebombed by the Ku Klux Klan in 1966, Mrs. Dahmer's courage and quick

thinking saved her family.
In the years that followed, she not only

rebuilt her life, but continued the work she and her husband began--

ensuring that all Mississippians had access to the ballot box.
After her husband's murder, Mrs. Dahmer worked tirelessly to support

her family, maintain their farm, and provide for the community.
She

went on to serve with distinction as the District 2 Election

Commissioner in Forrest County for 12 years.
Her quiet strength and

tireless advocacy played a critical role in the fight for justice,

culminating decades later in the long-overdue conviction of her

husband's killer.
Mr. Speaker, On behalf of Mississippi's Second Congressional District

and a grateful Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mrs.

Ellie J. Dahmer for a century of unwavering commitment to justice,

education, and democracy.
Mrs. Ellie J. Dahmer is a living symbol of

strength, sacrifice, and service.
Her 100th birthday is not just a

celebration of longevity--it is a celebration of a life that has left a

permanent mark on the conscience of this country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FABIAN I. VALENTIN'S SERVICE TO THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND

SECURITY

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

valued member of my staff, Fabian I. Valentin, who is departing the

Committee on Homeland Security to begin his graduate studies at

Princeton University and commence a fellowship program.
Mr. Valentin joined the Committee on Homeland Security as a

Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Public Policy Fellow in August

2022, and his contributions were immediately apparent.
He assisted

committee staff with oversight of the Department Homeland Security,

including through bipartisan site visits, interviews, and briefings.
Mr. Valentin also analyzed budget details and provided the Committee

with insights into and recommendations regarding the Administration's

budget and supplemental requests.
Mr. Valentin transitioned to permanent Committee staff in June 2023,

due to his exceptional performance as a fellow.
During his time on the

Committee, Mr. Valentin contributed significantly to legislative and

oversight efforts and served as a trusted resource for Member Offices.
He prepared and accompanied Members of Congress on domestic and

international site visits to conduct oversight of U.S. policy and

Department of Homeland Security activities.
Through Mr. Valentin's

efforts, he helped Democratic Members advocate for the fair and humane

enforcement of U.S. law, combat transnational crime, and support the

DHS workforce.
Mr. Valentin played a pivotal role in preparing Members for countless

border security hearings and markups over the past three years, as well

as for engagements with officials regarding countering narcotics

smuggling and human trafficking.
He also assisted in the development of

legislation that would strengthen Federal efforts against gun

smuggling, expand U.S. training and support for foreign law enforcement

investigating human trafficking, and improve border security technology

used for seizing illicit contraband.
Mr. Valentin has become an integral and valued member of my staff.
He

consistently demonstrates commendable professionalism, dedication, good

humor, and an eagerness to assist the most vulnerable among us.
I thank Mr. Valentin for his service to the Committee on Homeland

Security, and I wish him the very best as he begins graduate school and

prepares for a career in the Foreign Service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STAFF SERGEANT ESSIE DELL O'BRYANT WOODS AND THE 6888TH

BATTALION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today the 12th Congressional District proudly

recognizes Staff Sergeant Essie Dell O'Bryant Woods, a lifelong

Detroiter and courageous member of the historic 6888th Central Postal

Directory Battalion.
Known as the ``Six Triple Eight,'' this all-Black, all women unit

served under grueling conditions during World War II, sorting over

65,000 pieces of mail per shift to boost troop morale across Europe.