Title: CELEBRATING BROWNTOWN; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
130

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BROWNTOWN

HON.
DONALD G. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to the

following comprehensive history of Browntown, and to include in the

Record in perpetuity.
Physical Location of Browntown

In what is known as Browntown, near present-day Snow Hill,

located in Greene County, North Carolina, centuries of human

presence, resilience, and cultural exchange have shaped the

land.
Long before Europeans or Africans arrived, the

Tuscarora Nation, part of the Iroquoian speaking people,

inhabited this region as early as the late 15th and 16th

centuries, establishing an Indigenous cultural and

agricultural presence along the Contentnea Creek and its

trade areas.
By the time of European contact in the late

1600s, explorers such as John Lederer had passed through and

began to map the area.
Followed by John Lawson, whose

writings in the early 1700s documented the complexity of

community life and culture among the Tuscarora living within

the land's boundaries.
Although Greene County, originally named Glasgow County

formally established in 1791 and renamed Greene County in

1799, its origins were deeply entwined with those of the

Tuscarora stronghold of Cotechney, located near what would

later become the county seat.
As settlers arrived in the

early 18th century, they interwove their lives with those of

Native Tuscarora through conflict, cooperation, and kinship.
The town of Snow Hill, founded in 1828, emerged later in

Greene County.
Yet, beyond these chartered towns and official records, a

different legacy took shape: one of kinship ties, spiritual

traditions, and cultural memory of the rural settlement that

became known as Browntown.
Never incorporated, Browntown

emerged as a self-sustaining community built on shared land,

interwoven ancestry, and mutual survival.
Its roots reflect a

unique blend of African, Tuscarora, and European heritage,

forming a tri-racial community whose resilience and cultural

impact continue to shape Greene County's identity to this

day.
Browntown lies along ancient Native American trade routes

and waterways, connecting to Contentnea Creek, located just

south at a distance of 2-3 miles, and near the Neuse River,

approximately 7-10 miles away.
Browntown took form as a

significant settlement and hunting area for the Tuscarora,

located less than 10 miles away from the final, most decisive

battle of the Tuscarora War in 1713 at Fort Neoheroka.
Browntown is also home to several blended cemeteries,

including at least one known unmarked Indigenous burial

ground, as well as unmarked slave graves and colonial and

antebellum burial sites.
The presence of these sacred sites,

ranging from Native burial grounds to unmarked family plots

and church cemeteries, reflects the deeply intertwined

histories of the people who once lived and blended on this

land.
Browntown also sits near the intersection of North Carolina

Highways 11 and 13, which connect to Indian Woods to the

North in Bertie County.
Indian Woods was the Tuscarora

Reservation established in 1717 after the Tuscarora War,

which also contained blended people.
Essential highways, such

as Routes 58 and 70, once served as key routes for both

Indigenous nations, like the Tuscarora, and later colonial

settlers.
Browntown runs parallel to Highway 258, a route

constructed initially by the British for trade between

Eastern NC and Southeast Virginia.
It is where the

descendants of tri-racial communities continue to live, such

as those in the Winton Triangle of Hertford County.
These

trading paths were and still are conduits for agricultural

exchange, tribal passageways, and rural resettlement areas

before and after emancipation.
Browntown in the Making

Browntown in modern times has been a part of Hookerton

Township, which lies within a deeply historical corridor that

connects the lived experiences of tri-racial descendants

throughout eastern North Carolina.
The Browntown Community

stands as a living testament to the enduring spirit of people

of tri-racial heritage.
Forged not by municipal charter but

by the shared tenacity of descendants from African, European,

and Tuscarora people of rural eastern North Carolina.