In fact, several states have laws that require

the top official in their National Guard to reside in the state, and it

is highly likely that every state and territory only appoints residents

as the top official in their National Guard.
The primary reason

residency requirements exist is so that government officials have a

connection to the residents they serve and knowledge of the unique

issues and challenges faced by residents.
Congress has justifiably required certain federal officials to reside

in the jurisdiction to which they are appointed, including U.S.

district court judges, U.S. Marshals and U.S. Attorneys.
Similarly,

Congress, which controls the local D.C. court system, has justifiably

required local D.C. judges and members of the D.C. Judicial Nomination

Commission and the D.C. Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure

to reside in D.C.

There is no reason that the Commanding General of the D.C. National

Guard, a federal entity that serves D.C. residents and that has both a

military and law enforcement role, should not be required to reside in

D.C. A D.C. residency requirement for the Commanding General of the

D.C. National Guard will lead to a better relationship between the D.C.

National Guard and D.C. residents and is a matter of fairness for D.C.

residents.
The D.C. mayor should control the D.C. National Guard.
Until then, I

urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO MS.
JAN SETNOR

HON.
VERN BUCHANAN

Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Jan Setnor, MSN,

CRNA, Col. (
Ret), USAFR, NC.
Ms. Setnor will soon complete her year as

national president of the American Association of Nurse Anesthesiology

(AANA).
I am proud that Ms. Setnor was elected as the 2024 to 2025

president of this prestigious healthcare organization.
Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice

registered nurses who administer more than 50 million anesthetics to

patients each year.
They work in every setting in which anesthesia is

delivered including hospital surgical suites, obstetrical delivery

rooms, ambulatory surgical centers, and the offices of dentists,

podiatrists, and specialty surgeons.
They also provide acute and

chronic pain management services to patients in need of such care.
CRNAs provide anesthesia for all types of surgical cases and are the

sole anesthesia providers in many rural hospitals.
CRNAs have full

practice authority in the Army, Navy, and Air Force and are the

predominant provider of anesthesia on forward surgical teams and in

combat support hospitals.
As an AANA member since 1996, Ms. Setnor has contributed greatly to

the healthcare community nationwide.
She has held numerous state and

national nurse anesthesiology leadership positions, including previous

service on the AANA Board of Directors as President-Elect, Vice-

President and, Director (as well as two terms as president of the

Virginia Association of Nurse Anesthetists (VANA)).
Her extensive

involvement with the AANA includes roles as the Association of Veterans

Affairs Nurse Anesthetists AANA Liaison, Professional Development

Chair, and participation in various committees, including Political

Action and Communications.
She served in the United States Air Force Reserve, retiring with 26

years of honorable service.
Setnor's roles included Flight Nurse

Instructor/Evaluator, CRNA, and senior staff member for the Air Force

Surgeon General.
Notably, she served in Afghanistan as both the

Anesthesia Team Lead in the largest in-country medical facility and as

the sole anesthesia provider at a Special Forces Forward Operating

Base.
In addition to her work with the AANA and VANA, Setnor has

contributed to the Accreditation Association of Ambulatory Health Care

as a member of the Governance Unit-Standards Development Committee and

served as the CRNA Advisor to the Virginia Board of Nursing's Committee

of the Joint Board of Medicine and Nursing.
Ms. Setnor earned her Master of Science in Nursing from Old Dominion

University in Norfolk, Virginia.
During her AANA presidency, Ms, Setnor has been a prominent advocate

for the patients and practice of nurse anesthesia before federal

agencies and members of Congress.