A two-time cancer survivor, Battalion Chief Phipps has shown

extraordinary strength and resilience both in uniform and in life.
His

commitment extends beyond the station; as Vice President of Neighbors

United, he has worked to support firefighters facing cancer.
A proud

father of four, including his stepson, and a mentor to future

firefighters, Battalion Chief Phipps exemplifies the heart of public

service.
I thank him for his decades of sacrifice and leadership and

wish him well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARIBBEAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize Caribbean American

Heritage Month, and celebrate the culture, contributions, and history

of Caribbean Americans in Michigan's 12th Congressional District and

across our Nation.
National Caribbean American Heritage Month, first recognized in 2005,

was established after years of global efforts to spotlight Caribbean

Americans' vibrant culture and contributions to our country.
Caribbean

Community Services, a nonprofit organization based in Detroit,

Michigan, has done an outstanding job of uplifting Caribbean history.
Through their engaging events, they celebrate the rich cultural

heritage of the Caribbean and its significant impact on our

southeastern Michigan communities.
I am incredibly proud of the

important work Caribbean Social Services undertakes to foster diverse

and welcoming communities.
I especially want to highlight their

leadership in ensuring these contributions are recognized and valued as

we celebrate Caribbean American Heritage Month.
Please join me in recognizing National Caribbean American Heritage

Month and the contributions of Caribbean Americans across our Nation

and the 12th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COLONEL CHAD W. CALDWELL

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of

Colonel Chad W. Caldwell after a distinguished career with the United

States Army of Engineers and over 25 years of service to our Nation.
Colonel Caldwell most recently served as Commander of the Sacramento

District, South Pacific Division.
A graduate of West Point, he holds

advanced degrees in structural and civil engineering and has served in

key command and academic roles both stateside and overseas.
Throughout his career, Colonel Caldwell exemplified integrity,

discipline, and excellence.
He began his service in 1999, first

assigned to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, and went on to hold a variety

of leadership positions, including company commander in Iraq and

Afghanistan, and as the first commander of the 5th Brigade Engineer

Battalion at Fort Carson.
His leadership helped strengthen our national

defense and bolster critical infrastructure in California and beyond.
His influence will be felt for years to come through the projects he

led and the soldiers he mentored.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Colonel Chad

W. Caldwell for his years of faithful service and in wishing him and

his family all the best in this new chapter of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ELLIE J. DAHMER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and legacy of an extraordinary Mississippian, a dedicated

educator, civil rights advocate, and public servant--Mrs. Ellie J.

Dahmer, who is celebrating her 100th birthday.
Mrs. Dahmer is the widow of the late Vernon F. Dahmer, Sr.,
a civil

rights icon who gave his life in the pursuit of voting rights for

African Americans.
Together, they formed a powerful partnership that

challenged the injustices of the Jim Crow South.
When their home was

firebombed by the Ku Klux Klan in 1966, Mrs. Dahmer's courage and quick

thinking saved her family.
In the years that followed, she not only

rebuilt her life, but continued the work she and her husband began--

ensuring that all Mississippians had access to the ballot box.
After her husband's murder, Mrs. Dahmer worked tirelessly to support

her family, maintain their farm, and provide for the community.