Billy Dale, Ruffus Grant, Dorris Speight--for

nourishing the community with love and generosity, and who

made the 2025 picnic day itself possible through food,

fellowship, and celebration.
Steven Dale--for sharing his

gift of music and creating the joyful rhythm that tied the

day together with pictures.
The Greene County Board of

Commissioners: Chairman Bennie Heath, Commissioners Jerry

Jones, Ray Johnson, Robert (Bobby) Taylor, Jr., Derek

Burress, and former Commissioner James Shackleford--for

officially recognizing Browntown and passing the community

resolution.
Their leadership and support help ensure the

story is appreciated.
Kathy Mooring, Deputy Clerk to the

Board--for her administrative coordination and

professionalism.
lgnacia Joyner--At the heart of this

initiative, formally launched the Browntown Legacy effort to

safeguard the cultural and historical identity of this tri-

cultural community.
Her leadership galvanized community

collaboration, garnering recognition at both the county and

federal levels as a contributing preservation Author and

Community Historian.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF LIZZIE TOLES

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District

recognizes the life and contributions of remarkable resident Lizzie

Toles, as she turns 100 years old.
We congratulate her on decades of

community work that has had a lasting impact on our community.
Lizzie's roots started in Mississippi, where she was born.
She moved

to Detroit in 1952, eager to work and make our communities a better

place.
When she worked at a local nursing home, people always loved her

smile and conversations that brought so much warmth and comfort to

every person she met.
Mother Lizzie has three children--James,

Patricia, and Jerry--and has five grandchildren and several great-

grandchildren.
Apart from her career and family, Lizzie has remained an active

member of the community through her participation in water aerobics,

bowling, and the Derrick Memorial Missionary Baptist Church.
She loves

her garden, and her home is surrounded by beautiful flowers, which

reflect her love for nature.
Join me in celebrating Ms. Lizzie on 100

years of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF REGINA ROSE EDWARDS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize Mother Regina Rose

Edwards on her 90th birthday.
We honor her life of dedication to

service, mentorship, and spiritual leadership in Michigan's 12th

Congressional District.
Mother Edwards served her community in the Michigan Southwest First

Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Church of God in Christ through

three successive administrations as Jurisdictional Supervisor of Women

for the Michigan Southwest First.
In her role, she has exemplified

strength, leadership and a spirit of generosity.
Through her position,

she has transformed lives across generations, building bridges between

tradition and progress to serve a legacy grounded in love, justice, and

faith.
The 12th Congressional District honors Mother Edwards for her

commitment to faith and service in celebration of her 90th birthday.
I

thank her for her lifetime of wisdom, guidance and her remarkable

influence on our community and district.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING 100 YEARS OF DELTA AIR LINES

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, it is my special privilege to recognize and

honor Delta Air Lines as they celebrate their centennial anniversary.
Delta Air Lines was founded on March 2, 1925, as Huff Daland Dusters,

the world's first aerial crop-dusting company in Georgia.
Huff Daland's

fleet of 18 planes became one of the largest privately owned fleets in

the crop-dusting business.
In 1928, Huff Daland Dusters was renamed Delta Air Service to reflect

the Mississippi Delta region it served, and by the following year, the

airline's first passenger flight took off from Dallas, Texas.
By 1945,

the company accrued more than 300 million passenger miles and formally

became Delta Air Lines.
From its humble beginnings, Delta has evolved into one of the world's

leading airlines, transforming the way we travel.