Title: CELEBRATING 125 YEARS OF THE TOLEDO ZOO; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
177

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 125 YEARS OF THE TOLEDO ZOO

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a milestone year

in the Toledo Zoo's remarkable journey in my district.
The Zoo is

celebrating 125 years in our community with a series of events

culminating in a special gala on Thursday, October 23, 2025.
Rated the

top zoo in our Nation, Toledoans are justifiably proud of our treasure.
The Toledo Zoo began modestly in 1900 when Megan Cole donated a

woodchuck for display at Walbridge Park along the Maumee River in South

Toledo.
The attraction was popular, and within the year, thanks to

continued donations, the zoo had 39 animals in its collection.
Unprepared to properly house and care for the growing collection, the

Toledo Zoo built the Lion House in 1907.
During these earliest years,

when housing was a challenge, animal escapes were not uncommon.
The Toledo Zoological Society was subsequently founded in 1913 to

spark development.
William H. Roemer was the first president, and by

1916, the Toledo Zoo exhibited

471 animals.
In 1922, the position of curator was developed, and the

indefatigable Frank Skeldon was the first curator for the zoo.
It was

during this time that national recognition was pursued.
Building

continued, and by 1929, the Giraffe House, Carnivora Building, and

Primate House were all housing the animals.
Building continued through the Depression-Era WPA, so that by the

1930s the Reptile House, Aviary, Museum of Science, Amphitheatre,

indoor theatre, and Aquarium were all completed, along with structural

improvements, the subway and zoo entrances.
The 1940s, 50s, and 60s brought new adventure with the addition of a

miniature railway, the publication of Safari magazine, the nation's

only indoor trout run, the development of waterways, and other

improvements.
By the 1960s, the Toledo Zoo's collection included more

than 3,600 animals.
Facing significant funding challenges following the region's 1980s

financial collapse, the Toledo Zoo was on the verge of closure.
A zoo

levy was initiated in 1980, and in 1981, Bill Dennler became the new

zoo director following Frank Skeldon's retirement.
Under his tutelage,

buildings were restored, a children's zoo opened, the birth of two baby

hippos was caught on tape, and China lent the zoo two giant pandas.
People flocked to the zoo to view these wonders.
The 1990s saw continuing innovation, community support, and national

and global supremacy for the Toledo Zoo.
By the early 2000s, the zoo

was well into its successful breeding program, including the rare birth

of an African elephant.
Development continues to this day.
There are 1

Million visitors a year and 78,000 households hold membership.
The

highest in the nation!
There are 16,000 animals from more than 680

species, including 90 endangered species, and 73 Million dollars are

generated for our local economy.
The Toledo Zoo has arrived at its 125th birthday as the top zoo in

our nation and a global leader in wildlife conservation and engagement

in sustainable practices.
There are forty acres of native plants and

110 prairies planted at the zoo and around the region.
More than 45,000

students and families learn from tours, camps, overnights, virtual

programming, scouts, and gardening workshops.
The Zoo hosts Music Under

the Stars in its lovely Amphitheatre, where people can hear the

symphony and creative performers on beautiful nights.
People from all

over come to view the Toledo Zoo's African Savannah, Aquarium, Arctic

Encounter, Aviary, Rescue Roost, Cassoway Crossing, Conservatory,

Flamingo Key, Kingdom of the Apes, Museum of Natural History, Nature's

Neighborhood, Penguin Beach, Pheasantry, Primate Forest, Reptile House,

Tembo Trail, Tiger Terrace, Snow Leopards, beautiful flora, fun

amusements, nourishing treats and the stunning Lights Before Christmas.
The Toledo Zoo is an absolute star on the map of Northwest Ohio.
It

truly and uniquely lives up to its motto: ``Enjoy.
Inspire.
Educate.
Act.''