JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Charmaine Gandy,

recognized as one of California's 8th Congressional District's

Women of the Year.
Charmaine is a dedicated Community Benefit Manager,

with over fifteen years of experience in public affairs and community

benefit in Kaiser Permanente's Napa-Solano Service Area.
As a Community

Benefit Specialist, she manages a $1 million annual budget and oversees

sponsorships, in-kind donations, and staff volunteer programs.
Her work

increases employee outreach and provides meaningful community

engagement opportunities.
Charmaine was nominated and accepted to join

the 2025-2026 Fairfield-Suisun Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors,

where she advocates for initiatives that will deliver substantial

economic benefits to the Solano community.
In addition to her

professional role, Charmaine is an entrepreneur and community advocate.
She is the proud owner of The Vault Event Center, as well as the co-

owner of a local wine bar in Suisun, where she connects with community

members through hospitality and shared experiences.
Balancing her

professional and entrepreneurial pursuits with family life, Charmaine

is a proud wife and mother of three children.
She remains deeply

committed to supporting local causes, fostering community connections,

and creating environments, both in her professional and personal life,

where people feel seen, celebrated, and empowered.
On behalf of the

people of California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to

honor and recognize Charmaine Gandy for her invaluable contributions to

our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
NICOLA PARR AS ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S, 8TH CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Dr.

Nicola Parr as one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women

of the Year.
Dr. Nicola ``Nikki'' Parr for her exemplary leadership and

service to students and families across Solano County.
Dr. Parr is a

lifelong educator and public servant whose 25-year career in education

has been defined by equity, compassion, and a deep commitment to

student well-being.
A proud graduate of the Fairfield-Suisun Unified

School District, Dr. Parr now serves as the Interim Solano County

Superintendent of Schools and is the first African American woman to

hold this position in the County's history.
Her leadership reflects

both professional excellence and personal dedication to the community

that raised her.
She also served as Senior Director of Student Services

and Educational Options at the Solano County Office of Education, where

she led programs supporting school-based mental health, foster and

homeless youth, and at-promise students.
Prior to joining the Solano

County Office of Education, Dr. Parr spent eight years with the

Vacaville Unified School District as an Alternative Education Principal

and Director of Student Services, where she strengthened alternative

pathways and wraparound supports for students facing unique challenges.
She has also served as a trustee for the Fairfield-Suisun Unified

School District Board, demonstrating her lifelong investment in local

education.
A passionate advocate for mental health and equity in

schools, Dr. Parr has presented at statewide conferences on multi-

tiered systems of support and cross-agency collaboration.
Her

accomplishments are grounded in both scholarship and service--holding a

Doctor of Education from Capella University, a master's degree, and a

bachelor's degree from Old Dominion University.
Dr. Parr's leadership

is marked by empathy, innovation, and resilience, guiding Solano

County's schools through both challenge and change.
On behalf of the

people of California's 8th Congressional District, I am proud to

recognize Dr. Nicola Parr for her historic leadership, her unwavering

dedication to student success, and her lifelong commitment to the

advancement of equitable education in Solano County.
It is my pleasure

to honor and recognize Dr. Nicola Parr for her historic leadership and

unwavering dedication to student success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FORMER FIRST SERGEANT DELPHINE METCALF-FOSTER AS ONE OF

CALIFORNIA'S 8TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.