He is believed to be the longest-serving Scoutmaster in our nation's

history.
But beyond the record books, his impact is written in the

lives of the hundreds, more likely perhaps thousands, of young men he

has mentored.
Many of them have gone on to serve their country, their

neighbors, and their families with the same quiet strength they learned

under his guidance.
During this year's festival, we presented Roger with a flag flown

over our United States Capitol as a symbol of the deep gratitude we

hold for his unwavering devotion to the values that Scouting and

citizenship share: duty, honor, leadership, and service.
As we constantly reflect on what it means to build a strong America,

we must look to people like Roger Carpenter.
Those who invest in

others, who give without seeking recognition, and who, year after year,

live the ideals they teach.
His life is a testament to what one

dedicated citizen can do to shape the moral fabric of a community and a

nation.
So today, on behalf of the United States House of Representatives and

the people of Northwest Ohio, I extend our deepest congratulations and

gratitude to Scoutmaster Roger Carpenter for 75 years of remarkable

leadership, for his enduring spirit, and for reminding us all that

service to others is the truest form of patriotism.
I thank Roger for being a living example of the Scout Oath and Law

and for inspiring us all to leave this world a little better than we

found it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALIZE JOHNSON AS ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S 8TH CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Alize Johnson as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Alize has served her

community of Solano County in several meaningful capacities.
Despite

losing her mother at a young age, she turned her pain into purpose and

has dedicated her life to uplifting others through service, advocacy,

and leadership.
Her impactful service began by advocating for other

youth in the community, as a Youth Community Organizer with CCISCO and

as a student representative on the West Contra Costa Unified School

District's LCAP Committee.
However, this was only the beginning of her

work, making her a champion in advocacy for equity in education.
Alize

continued to open doors for inner-city youth as a recruiter for ONYX

Scholars, where she assisted in providing access to HBCUs and career

opportunities.
She has transformed personal adversity into community

empowerment, emboldening those she works with to do the same, primarily

by leading by example.
Her work with Keyz 2 Future and Motivated 2 Help

Others(M2HO) exemplifies this exceptional leadership, as she mentors

youth affected by gun violence and helps those in need.
Alize's

resilience has also taken her beyond the scope of her local work, as

she has amplified issues of youth empowerment, environmental justice,

and gun safety laws through various platforms, including Miss

California USA 2024, Delegate for Miss Earth 2025, and as part of the

Everytown National Training Team.
Alize is a dedicated member of the

community, an ardent supporter of youth opportunities, and her

collective work makes Solano County a better place for everyone.
On

behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District, it is

my pleasure to honor and recognize Alize Johnson for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHARMAINE GANDY AS ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S 8TH CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Charmaine Gandy,

recognized as one of California's 8th Congressional District's

Women of the Year.
Charmaine is a dedicated Community Benefit Manager,

with over fifteen years of experience in public affairs and community

benefit in Kaiser Permanente's Napa-Solano Service Area.