Beyond his contributions in local government, he represented

Chesterfield on numerous regional and state boards and was appointed by

multiple Virginia governors for his expertise and judgment.
Deeply

rooted in his faith and community, he served as a deacon and Sunday

school teacher at First Baptist Church Centralia and received the Dr.

Martin Luther King, Jr. Service Leadership Award earlier this year.
Jim Holland is survived by his wife of 52 years, Judith, and their

children, Jessica and James, Chesterfield County and the Commonwealth

legacy will endure in the community he helped build.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life

of Supervisor Jim Holland, a man guided by faith, service, and a

lifelong commitment to leaving things better than he found them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROCLAMATION HONORING MR.
CHASE CRAWFORD

HON.
THOMAS MASSIE

Mr. MASSIE.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

proclamation Honoring Mr. Chase Crawford:

Whereas, Chase Crawford, a distinguished filmmaker,

producer, and resident of Fort Thomas, Kentucky, has been

inducted into the International Indie Filmmaker Hall of Fame

at the Indie Gathering Film Festival; and

Whereas, Chase Crawford over the past decade, has worked

tirelessly to amplify independent voices in cinema through

projects that have reached audiences both locally and

internationally; and

Whereas, Chase Crawford founded Four by Three Productions,

which has produced a dozen award-winning films and more than

fifty comedy specials, and has served as Executive Producer

on groundbreaking projects; and

Whereas, Chase Crawford's film Between Mercy and Me, filmed

in Northern Kentucky, premiered in 600 theaters across the

United States, bringing recognition to the creative spirit of

our Commonwealth;

Whereas, Chase Crawford, in addition to his professional

achievements, has demonstrated deep commitment to service,

including his volunteer work in Eastern Kentucky, where he

teaches women in recovery the skills of filmmaking,

photography, and editing, an effort recognized with his

commissioning as a Kentucky Colonel in 2025;

Now therefore, I, Thomas Massie, United States

Representative for the Fourth District of Kentucky, do hereby

recognize and congratulate Chase Crawford on his induction

into the International Indie Filmmaker Hall of Fame, and

commend him for his remarkable contributions to the arts, to

independent film, and to the people of Kentucky.
Proclaimed this 24th day of October 2025.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SOUTH DAKOTA SWIMMER GENA JORGENSON FOR HER SELECTION TO

THE USA SWIMMING NATIONAL TEAM

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and congratulate Gena Jorgenson of Aberdeen, South Dakota, on being

named to the USA Swimming National Team in preparation for the 2028

Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
A proud product of the Aberdeen Swim Club, Gena is an All-American at

the University of Nebraska who has earned this honor through years of

dedication, discipline.
and excellence in training and competition.
Her

silver medal performance in the 1,500-meter freestyle at the World

University Games in Germany showcased her talent on the international

stage and secured her spot on Team USA.
Her journey from local pools in Aberdeen to the national stage is a

testament to her determination and resilience.
Gena's success reflects

the best of South Dakota: hard work, humility, and perseverance.
She

has brought pride to her hometown, university, and entire state.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Gena Jorgenson on this remarkable

achievement and wish her continued success as she represents both South

Dakota and our Nation with great distinction.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF BETHEL TEMPLE CHURCH IN HAMPTON,

VIRGINIA

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate Bethel Temple Church in Hampton, Virginia, on the occasion of

its 70th anniversary.