It is my pleasure

to honor and recognize Dr. Nicola Parr for her historic leadership and

unwavering dedication to student success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FORMER FIRST SERGEANT DELPHINE METCALF-FOSTER AS ONE OF

CALIFORNIA'S 8TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT'S WOMEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former First

Sergeant Delphine Metcalf-Foster as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year for her

trailblazing military service, steadfast advocacy for veterans, and

lifelong commitment to public service.
A native of Vallejo, California,

First Sergeant (Ret.)
Delphine Metcalf-Foster proudly served in the

United States Army Reserve with the 689th Quartermaster Unit, 6253rd

Hospital Unit, and 6211th Transportation Unit at the Letterman Army

Medical Center.
During Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm, she

sustained injuries while serving in Saudi Arabia in support of the

Grave Registration Company mission and was medically evacuated to

Germany for care.
Her service and courage reflect the highest

traditions of the U.S. Armed Forces.
Following her retirement from the

Army Reserves in 1996, Ms. Metcalf-Foster continued to dedicate her

life to veterans causes and public service.
A life member of Disabled

American Veterans (DAV) Chapter 81 in Vallejo, she made history in 2017

when she was elected National Commander of the DAV.
The first woman and

the first person of color to hold that position in the organization's

100-year history.
She previously served as the DAV Department of

California Commander in 2003, again breaking barriers as the first

woman to hold that role.
Her distinguished civilian career includes

decades of leadership at the Alameda Naval Air Station, where she

served as a quality assurance work leader.
Ms. Metcalf-Foster has also

lent her expertise to numerous veterans' advisory bodies, including the

Secretary of Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee on Women Veterans, the

DAV Department of California Claims and Service Committee, and the

First Data Military Advisory Council.
Among her many honors, she has

received the Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal (10LC),

National Defense Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, Army Reserve

Component Achievement Medal, and the Southwest Asia Service Medal with

Bronze Star.
In 2018, she was recognized as one of the ``Top 40

Military People'' in the United States for her impact in helping

veterans.
Her favorite quotes, ``Tell me what I can't do, and I will

show you what I can do,'' and ``I had to go through, in order to get

to,'' embody the spirit of resilience and purpose that defines her life

and service.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional

District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize First Sergeant

(Ret.)
Delphine Metcalf-Foster for her courageous service to our nation

and her extraordinary contributions to the veterans' community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAJOR AARON REEP

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Major Aaron

Reep's distinguished service as a Marine Corps House Liaison Officer

from January 2024 to December 2025.
Following his exemplary service as a Department of Defense

Legislative Fellow in my office, Major Reep continued his dedication to

our Nation by serving as a legislative liaison in the Marine Corps

House Liaison Office.
In this critical role bridging the Marine Corps

and Congress, Aaron has demonstrated exceptional leadership and

strategic acumen.
During his tenure, Major Reep led 22 Congressional delegations to 33

countries and 6 states, facilitating vital strategic engagements and

oversight of our national security priorities.
Through these

delegations, he ensured Members of Congress gained firsthand

understanding of Marine Corps operations, readiness challenges, and the

strategic environment facing our forces worldwide.
Aaron enhanced the Marine Corps' special relationship with Congress

through direct engagement with 65 Members of Congress and 78

Congressional staff, including House Leadership and committee staff.