Let me put on record my admiration for my hon.
Friend’s action in sharing her own experiences in order to improve healthcare for women across the country.
She will know of yesterday’s important announcement about suicide prevention, elements of which addressed exactly the concerns that she has rightly raised.
Thanks to her hard work, we have also announced that within eight weeks or so of giving birth mums will be asked by GPs whether they are okay, and we hope very much that that will open up the conversation with women who may be struggling.
Amma Birth Companions has just been recognised in the 2024 GSK IMPACT awards.
The charity is doing really important work to support vulnerable asylum seekers  and refugees who would otherwise face giving birth alone.
Will the Secretary of State meet the charity to discuss its work and research, given the disparities that continue for this group of women?
The hon.
Lady describes a very interesting piece of work.
I will ask my ministerial colleague to meet the charity, as we want to support women.
Indeed, part of our work across the women’s health strategy is ensuring that maternity services are not just safe, but trusted by mums-to-be.
With regard to healthcare for women, a gynaecologist who claimed that Hammersmith would be better if it were “Jew free” has been ruled as not racist, but merely “comfortable with using discriminatory language”, according to the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
He was merely suspended for three months and is due to start seeing patients again in a few weeks.
I am concerned that this doctor may be a danger to Jewish patients.
I am also concerned that the tribunal is defective and its decision is grossly unreasonable.
Will the Secretary of State instruct Government lawyers to begin judicial review proceedings against the tribunal?
I sincerely thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for raising this issue.
As the Prime Minister set out on the steps of Downing Street last week, there are people whose ideology and dogma are in direct conflict with our country’s shared values.
Just as we will not stand for that across the country, nor will I stand for it in our NHS.
I have already written to NHS England and regulators, setting out their responsibilities and our expectations of them, and I can assure my right hon.
and learned Friend that I will be looking into this issue with great urgency and great care.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am committed to making our NHS faster, simpler and fairer for all, including families, which is why the Government have recently introduced baby loss certificates.
Nothing can diminish the pain of losing a baby, but we hope that this formal recognition of a life lost can help families to live alongside their grief.
Indeed, since we announced the launch some two weeks ago, more than 37,000 certificates have been requested by parents.
That same commitment to families is why we are rolling out Martha’s rule across England, giving patients and their families the automatic right to a rapid review of their case—24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Families and carers know when something is not right or their loved one’s condition is deteriorating.
Martha’s rule not only recognises this powerful instinct, but allows anyone concerned to act on it and to make sure that the NHS listens.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, for which I am very grateful, I would like to alert the House to a written ministerial statement and a detailed letter from  NHS England that has been laid this morning.
It addresses a historical issue whereby women who received radiotherapy above the waist to treat Hodgkin lymphoma, and who were therefore at a higher risk of breast cancer, were not given annual checks.
Yesterday, the NHS wrote to the 1,487 women affected in order to inform them.
We expect all women to be offered a scan within the next three months, and NHS England has established a helpline and briefed GPs and relevant charities.
The vast majority of this group of women will already have been receiving screening on a three-yearly basis, but NHS England wants to ensure that they receive annual tests, in line with the clinical guidance.
I wanted to alert hon.
Members to that because, with the letters having been sent out yesterday, it is perfectly possible—indeed, probable—that they will start to receive queries from their constituents.
I will of course keep the House updated.
I emphasise, however, that what I have given is a summary, and I would encourage hon.
Members to look at the very detailed letter from NHS England in order to reassure their constituents that we are scooping up everybody we can to look after them at this very troubling time.
Like many people here, I was delighted by last month’s NHS dentistry recovery plan.
How many new NHS dental appointments does the Secretary of State expect to be available in my constituency of Weston-super-Mare, and by when?