Frontier Estates committed to building a GP surgery as part of the wider Stortford Fields development.
However, citing inflated build costs, it now questions the viability of the plans despite months of negotiations and efforts by the local NHS to find a solution.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, with whom I have already met on this issue, to ensure that Frontier really engages with the process and builds the surgery it promised my constituents?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the enormous amount of work she has done in her constituency to secure that community diagnostic centre.
We have rolled out some 160 or so of those centres across England —we want to do more—and they are supplying some  6 million tests and scans for patients across England.
On the important issue that my hon.
Friend raised, my officials and Levelling Up officials are already considering how primary care infrastructure can be better supported in the planning process to ease the pressure on primary care estates, particularly in areas of housing growth.
I know that she will continue to be as conscientious in her campaigning on that as she is on other matters.
Rural communities need local, easily accessible primary care.
Since Long Crendon surgery closed during the pandemic, patients in that village and surrounding villages have been displaced, mainly to Brill and Thame, for GP appointments.
For the vulnerable and those without private cars, the absence of regular bus services can mean an unaffordable £25 at least in taxis to see a GP.
I have raised many times an innovative approach to building a new health centre in Long Crendon by the parish council, which has the land and the agreement by the ICB for the rent to put Unity Health in there—we just need the money to build it.
Will my right hon.
Friend break down every barrier to help us get that health centre built in Long Crendon?
Again, I very much admire the effort and determination that my hon.
Friend is showing to stand up for his constituents.
He will know that sadly I am constrained from commenting on individual cases, but what I do know is that the innovation he is showing alongside his parish council—and, indeed, I would hope, his local integrated care board—is the approach we want to adopt across our rural and coastal communities to ensure that they, too, have the access to primary care that we all expect.
Equal access to primary care is so important, but the use of physician associates is downright dangerous.
Does the Secretary  of State agree that patients have the right to see a qualified GP and not be fobbed off with a two-tier primary care system?
I understand the concerns—we have seen them in the media—but, please, we in this House have a responsibility to our constituents and to professionals working in healthcare, including our clinicians and physician associates.
In fact, physician associates have been working in the NHS for some two decades.
They are there to work with doctors to assist them, freeing up doctors’ time to focus on the tasks that only they are qualified to do.
We have been very careful to listen to the concerns raised, which is why we recently announced intentions to regulate them.
But, please, we must all take that responsibility for ensuring that we are not spreading concern.
Actually, these roles can have a very positive effect on healthcare system.
My constituents are fed up with battling to see a GP.
I have been working hard across party lines with local councillors and the ICB, but I was surprised to hear from the Prime Minister in response to a question last week that only £2 million was allocated to my ICB for primary care, and that it should raid its hospital refurbishment budget instead.
Could the Secretary of State advise me which part of the much needed hospital investment should be overlooked to compensate for the failure to invest in primary care locally?
Again, it is for integrated care boards to assess the needs of their area.
If there are concerns about access to primary care, we are keen to give them the autonomy to make decisions about how they spend their budget.
We have set expectations of integrated care boards in a couple of respects—in particular, we expect them to use the money that we have provided for dental care and we have set clear expectations that integrated care boards will introduce at least one women’s health hub in their area this year.