Despite watering down the targets for ambulance response times and the A&E four-hour wait, the Government still cannot meet them.
We have heard from Members across the House this morning how patients are waiting longer.
The new targets say that there will be further improvements in 2024-25, and the Minister has said that again this morning.
Can she let us in on what exactly they will be?
I am not going to pre-empt the publication of targets for the coming year, but, as I have said, we will continue to learn lessons from the progress that we have made this year, including on ambulance response times, which are down by over a third.
Anyway, I will take no lessons from Labour, because we know the state of the NHS in Wales.
What progress her Department has made on reforming social care.
We are making great progress on our 10-year vision for adult social care reform.
We have introduced the first ever national career structure for care workers, and we have introduced new assessments by the Care Quality Commission, which will shine a light on how well councils are delivering their social care duties.
I am most grateful to my hon.
Friend for that reply.
In Suffolk, where the population is increasingly elderly, social care is under enormous pressure, and it is a significant challenge to recruit carers, pay them fairly and provide them with a proper career path.
Therefore, I heard what my hon.
Friend said, but will she consider commissioning a long-term workforce plan for adult social care equivalent to that for the NHS?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of the social care workforce:
social care is its workforce.
I can assure him that we already have a plan for the care workforce, set out in the “People at the Heart of Care” White Paper, and now we are putting it into practice.
Our care workforce pathway is already being implemented, our new accredited qualification for care workers will be launched later this year, and we are backing social care with up to £8.6 billion in extra available funding.
I was concerned to hear that a constituent of mine was initially denied access to social care for his mother who suffers from Alzheimer’s despite her inability to administer her own medication.
Will the Government look to broadening the criteria of the Care Act 2014 to include those requiring support with administering medication?
We very much want everybody who needs care to get it and everyone who is eligible for financial support should get it.
That, of course, is assessed by local authorities.
We are introducing Care Quality Commission assurance of social care commissioned by local authorities, to make sure people get the care they deserve and to shine a light on where local authorities are doing a really good job and where others could  do better.
The idea of a social care cost cap has dropped off the agenda slightly.
I know it is incredibly expensive, but I continue to be contacted by constituents who face losing everything.
When often their loved ones have dementia and it is already emotionally an incredibly traumatic time, they have the added anxiety of how they are going to pay for care.
The only thing that should matter is what works and is best for their loved one, but there is a cloud of anxiety hanging over society, which we all worry about.
Will the Minister confirm that this issue has not lost her attention and that we will continue to consider whether we can introduce a cap?