A fifth of the social care roles in Westmorland and Furness are currently vacant and unfilled.
Coincidentally that is the same proportion of beds in Morecambe Bay that are occupied by patients who are unable to get a care package and therefore leave hospital.
The reasons for this are blindingly obvious: the pay and career structures are derisory for hard-working wonderful people and there is a complete absence of genuinely affordable homes for people in those sorts of roles to enable them to live locally.
Does the Minister agree that fixing that crisis in my community and others should be the priority for the Chancellor tomorrow, not silly electoral gimmicks?
I recognise the challenges in the hon.
Gentleman’s area, although nationally vacancies in social care have fallen by over 20,000.
We are reforming adult social care careers to make care a career for the UK workforce.
We are putting extra funding into social care—up to £8.6 billion over two years—and introducing CQC assurance to make sure local authorities are doing their best on social care.
I would encourage the hon.
Gentleman to talk to his local authority and make sure it is paying a fair rate for the care it commissions.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
Care is a skilled profession and I want care workers to get the support and recognition they deserve.
In January we took the next step in our ambitious care workforce reforms, launching the first ever national career structure for the care workforce alongside our new nationally recognised qualification.
I know the Minister will want to join me in thanking every single person who dedicates themselves to working in the social care sector, including perhaps particularly those who have come to the UK from overseas to do so, but it is not sustainable to rely on incoming workers forever.
The Migration Advisory Committee has found that Scotland is now less reliant on migrant workers in the social care sector than England, through the simple expedient of paying a decent wage.
That might, by the way, also be a good way to stop doctors in England going on strike; the Minister might want to look at that.
Has the Minister asked the Chancellor to provide funding in the Budget so that social care workers in England can enjoy the same pay and conditions as their colleagues in Scotland, and if not, why not?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we are grateful to all who work in social care, including those who have come here from other countries to care for our loved ones.
We also agree that international migration is not a long-term answer to our care workforce needs.
That is why we are reforming social care to work as a career, and we are backing that with extra funding—up to £8.6 billion extra for social care over two years.
I am afraid the Minister’s warm words about the social care workforce do not meet the reality check for most people.
The Government’s own statistics show that there are at least 152,000 vacancies in social care in England alone, leaving my constituents waiting up to 10 weeks to be discharged from hospital.
The Government have been using international recruitment to plug the gaps and as a result have filled over 11,000 vacancies in the past few years, so can the Minister confirm whether recruitment and retention in social care will be better or worse due to Government plans to prevent overseas social care workers bringing family members to the UK?
As I said a moment ago, vacancies have fallen and the care workforce grew by more than 20,000 last year.
We are seeing better retention of care workers as well, but we need to go further.
That is why we are reforming social care careers, introducing the first ever national career structure for the care workforce and new qualifications and training.
Edinburgh Trade Union Council recently described changes to the healthcare worker visa route as cruel and inhumane.
Many of my constituents who have relatives in care share its concerns, as do I.
We know the valuable contribution that foreign care workers make to the sector.
Ideologically driven change to visas could further exacerbate the recruitment and retention crisis that other Members have so eloquently described.
Given that the Government skipped consultation on these changes, will the Minister commit to meeting trade unions and social care leaders in Scotland to understand the impact of these harmful changes?
I am grateful to international care workers who have come to the UK to look after loved ones.
Their work has contributed to reducing vacancies and increasing the supply of social care, but we need to get the balance right between international recruitment and our homegrown workforce.
We are carrying out  ambitious reforms of our adult social care workforce, and therefore it is right, alongside that, to ensure that we have the right numbers of people coming here from overseas for social care.
That is why we have worked with the Home Office on changes to visas.
The managers of the wonderful care home I visited in Dunstable on Friday were annoyed by the number of job applicants for care places who were making the interview stage and then not arriving on the day.
Can the Minister have a word with ministerial colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that job coaches are certain that jobseekers are not wasting the time of care homes?
It is not fair, and those who work in care homes are busy people with a lot to do.
I work closely with colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions on the recruitment of people looking for jobs in social care, and I will raise that point with my colleague in the Department.