Given the expansion of health services through Pharmacy First, what action is my right hon.
Friend the Minister taking to ensure that communities such as Sandiacre in my constituency, whose branch of Boots is due to close at the end of the month, are not left without access to such vital services?
I am very happy to discuss that matter with my hon.
Friend, who is a huge advocate for her constituency.
It is always disappointing when a community pharmacy closes, but she will know that the launch of Pharmacy First on  31 January  expanded the value and contribution of all our community pharmacies.
It has been met with a £645 million investment over this year and next.
On access to primary care provision, will the Secretary of State assure the House that she will liaise with Health Ministers in the devolved Departments to ensure that rural communities do not lose out because of their isolated locations?
I am very happy to give that assurance.
I was delighted to meet Minister Swann yesterday to discuss his plans for Northern Ireland healthcare, including access to primary care.
I remind Members of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency’s international recognition procedure will ensure faster access to innovative treatments, but it will realise its full potential only if it is matched by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence’s evaluation process.
What is my right hon.
Friend the Minister doing to ensure that the two processes are aligned?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that there have been delays with approvals by the MHRA and NICE.
We are keen to ensure that those delays are reduced, and I am delighted to tell the House that significant progress has been made in both organisations.
I am happy to work with my hon.
Friend and both organisations to ensure that progress continues to be made.
Figures obtained by the British Dental Association project that £8 million of the NHS budget in Somerset is going unspent.
Will the Minister explain to my constituent, who is suffering in dental agony, why that is happening?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to hold her integrated care board to account.
We invest more than £3 billion a year in dentistry, and our dental recovery plan means that significant money is available for NHS dentistry.
It is for the integrated care board to commission those units of dental activity, which now offer more money—a minimum of £28 per UDA.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady if she finds she is not getting anywhere with her ICB.
I am currently working with a brilliant local pharmacist, Fizz, to open a new NHS dental practice in Belfairs in my constituency.
Premises and dentists have been lined up, but we need the ICB to commission the service.
Will the Minister meet me, my local ICB and Fizz to unlock that vital service as soon as possible?
I am delighted to hear about that really good news for my hon.
Friend’s constituents—I know she works tirelessly for them.
Of course, I will be very happy to meet her.
Wendy Hart had a high white blood cell count when she was discharged from the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital.
Her husband, Terence, described a dreadful, pointless 60-mile round trip home and back to hospital before Wendy died of sepsis.
Will the Minister consider distances between acute hospitals and rural communities when reviewing hospital discharge guidance?
I am very sorry to hear about what happened to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
I send my condolences to her family and loved ones.
Clearly, it is very important that discharge decisions are led by clinicians, who can make a clinical decision about whether somebody is medically ready to be discharged.
I have no doubt that the family may well take up that decision with local NHS organisations.
No doctor wants to be on strike, so I welcome the new deal with the consultant unions.
It shows that by being reasonable, pragmatic and acting in good faith, unions can deliver for their members.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree?
My hon.
Friend knows only too well the importance of industrial action and the impact it can have on patients and on the NHS as a whole.
I am pleased that the BMA has announced today, following the previous settlement that was narrowly rejected in its ballot, that it has been able to get back around the table with my officials and me.
We have been able to find a fair and reasonable settlement that the BMA will advocate for and recommend to its members.
We hope that that shows those who are choosing to strike that constructive negotiations, and trying to sort out some of the concerns that we know clinicians have, can be dealt with in a reasonable manner, which is of benefit not just to staff, but to patients.
How many people were treated for acquired brain injury last year?
The hon.
Gentleman has caught me off guard—I will write to him.
I am keen to continue working with him on that issue.
As he knows, we have already shared draft details of the acquired brain injury strategy with him and members of the all-party parliamentary group, and I am very keen to continue working collaboratively on that issue with him.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I have spoken before in the House about my constituent, retired school caretaker Gary Godwin, who is fighting for redress after losing £2,000 of his hard-earned savings to the now defunct funeral plan firm Safe Hands.
Gary and 47,000 others look to have been let down by a failed regulatory regime overseen by the Treasury and the Financial Conduct Authority, for a grand total of £60 million between them.
After raising the issue in questions to the Leader of the House last July and at Treasury questions last October, I finally managed, at the start of the year, after several attempts, to get a meeting with the Economic Secretary, who said he would raise it with the Chancellor.
Having not had a reply for two months, I informed the Economic Secretary that I would raise a point of order today.
Within an hour, I received a reply, but there was no mention of discussing the matter with the Chancellor, or of a review of the correspondence, as was originally promised.
Will you tell me, Mr Speaker, what more I can do to ensure that Gary and his fellow victims do not have a lengthy wait for justice?