With a general election in the air, I welcome what the Secretary of State has said about baby loss certificates and Martha’s rule—there is genuine cross-party agreement on this.
I also thank her for advance notice of today’s important written ministerial statement.
However, with a general election in the air and given the Secretary of State’s principled, vocal and consistent opposition to funding the NHS by abolishing the non-dom tax status, on a scale of one to 10—one being utterly shameless and 10 being highly embarrassed—how red-faced will she be when the Chancellor adopts Labour’s policy tomorrow?
One of the joys of being at the Government Dispatch Box is that not only do we have to deal with very serious matters, such as I have just set out, but we get to have a knockabout on the Labour party’s electioneering.
The hon.
Gentleman will know the Conservatives’ proud record on funding our NHS since 2010.
I invite him to wait for tomorrow’s Budget to see what more this Conservative Government are doing to support our constituents, and to help our economy grow for a bright future.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , has said that the policy will be “as much use as an ashtray on a motorbike.”—[Official
Report,  28 February 2023 ; Vol. 728, c. 710.]
As she speeds down the A23 back to Lewes, to defend her constituency against the Liberal Democrats, how on earth will she feel with all those embers of the Conservatives’ 14-year record blowing in her face?
Is it not now clear that, with the Government having adopted Labour’s workforce plan, Labour’s dentistry recruitment plan and now Labour’s NHS funding plan, when it comes to a record to be proud of, and when it comes to finding the answers, only Labour can deliver an NHS that is fit for the future?
The Leader of the Opposition is a former barrister, and barristers like to rely on evidence, so let me give some evidence on what the Labour-run NHS in Wales looks like.
People are almost twice as likely to be waiting for treatment under the Labour-run Welsh NHS—21.3% of people in Wales are waiting for hospital treatment after a consultant referral, compared with 12.8% in England.
Patients in Labour-run Wales are, on average, waiting five weeks longer for NHS treatment than patients in England, and the number of patients in Wales who are escaping to seek treatment in England has increased by 40% in two years.
But don’t worry, folks, according to the Leader of the Opposition this is the blueprint— Order.
I remind everyone that these are topical questions.
It is about the many Members I need to get in, rather than the ping-pong over the Dispatch Box.
Let us move on to Andrew Jones as a good example.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am talking to my local integrated care board about establishing the first centre of dental excellence in North Yorkshire, to be located in Harrogate, to build on the dental recovery plan.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State agree that boosting capacity is critical to catching up from the pandemic, and that centres of dental excellence are a very good way to achieve it?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that we need more capacity in our dental workforce, and I know he will be a big advocate for his constituency.
We set out in the first ever NHS long-term workforce plan that we will increase dentistry training places by 40% by 2031-32.
Our dental recovery plan sets out many different measures to improve capacity.