Medicine shortages have doubled in the UK in the last two years.
There might be some global pressures, but two issues have particularly affected the UK: first, the post-Brexit regulatory framework; and secondly, the fact that the pound has tanked, making it more expensive to buy medicines.
What are the Government doing to undo that Brexit dividend?
The hon.
Gentleman sounds like a broken record, as usual.
The Department has no evidence to suggest that EU exit is leading to sustained medicine shortages.
Shortages occur for a wide range of reasons and are affecting countries all over the world.
Rural Norfolk is experiencing a dental crisis and a generation of children are in danger of going without dental care.
I welcome the dental recovery plan, but I notice that it will be four   or five years before we get more dentists.
Last week, NHS Norfolk and Waveney integrated care board announced a £17 million underspend on dentistry.
Will the Minister agree to meet with me and the ICB to work out how we get more money out now to help dentistry in Norfolk today?
One of the many ways we have tackled access to dental care is to ensure that those dentists who have a contract to conduct NHS work are using them to the top of their licence.
We are encouraging dentists to do that through the new patient premium and a higher rate paid for units of dental activity.
There is so much more to the plan.
Labour keeps trying to claim credit for our plan, but the truth is that our plan promises 2.5 million appointments while its plan promises a miserly 700,000.
It is imperative that we tackle the scourge of mental ill health in children and young people.
Labour will ensure access to mental health support in every school and establish an open-access mental health hub in every community, paid for by charging VAT on private school fees.
Why will the Government not adopt that plan?
I have a news flash for the hon.
Lady: we are already doing all that work.
Mental health support teams are being rolled out in schools—44% of pupils now have access to a mental health support team, rising to 50% shortly.
Over 13,800 schools and colleges now have a trained senior mental health lead.
Only last week we announced 24 early support hubs for 11 to 25-year-olds—they will not need a referral; they can drop in.
There are 24/7 helplines available that can be accessed through 111.
That is what we are doing.
Mid and South Essex integrated care board is seeking to remove vital community health services from St Peter’s Hospital in Maldon.
Will the Minister meet me and our right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  to discuss the proposals?
They will affect both our constituencies and are causing a great deal of concern.
I would be very happy to meet my right hon.
Friends to discuss those concerns.