Later this month I will be 10 years cancer free, having survived melanoma first as a teenager and again in my early 20s.
Can the Secretary of State look me in the eye and guarantee that she is doing all she can to prevent others from getting the same diagnosis ?
Again, I thank the hon.
Lady for sharing her experience, and of course we are doing all we can.
I know that the SNP Scottish Government share our determination to ensure that cancer treatment continues to improve.
England is diagnosing earlier and treating more.
We have seen cancer survival rates improve by almost 10 percentage points since 2005, but we also know that four in 10 cancers could be prevented, which is exactly why we are bringing forward the smoke-free generation work.
Of course, if the Scottish Government would like us to help with some of their waiting lists, we genuinely stand ready to do so.
The general practice estates and technology transformation fund supported projects in my constituency and was appreciated by my local integrated care board.
What evaluation has been made of it, and will it be continued?
I have had a number of meetings with my hon.
Friend and know that he is determined to resolve some of these long-standing issues in his constituency.
I have assured him that ICBs have the freedom to increase capital for primary care in their region, so long as their plans remain within their overall capital allocation.
I will certainly be happy to meet him again to talk about what more measures we can take to support his constituents.
I held my first dental summit since the publication of the Government’s dental recovery plan, which I have to say was met with disappointment and frustration.
The reason for that is that is not enough funding or flexibility, or the resolution to the contract.
Will the Minister set out the timetable for when the dental contract will be resolved?
I am very surprised and disappointed to hear the hon.
Lady say that.
We are delivering 2.5 million more appointments through the new patient premium, which started last Friday.
We will have information within a month to see which dentists have taken up this generous new patient premium to ensure that many more people get access to dentistry.
Not only that, but we have golden hellos to attract dentists to areas that are underserved, mobile dental vans and, importantly, a new focus on Smile4life.
That is going to ensure that all babies and young children have that fabulous smile for life.
The Pharmacy First service has proved popular in Amber Valley, but some pharmacists report confusion because the ear infection service applies only to under 18s and patients are being referred to pharmacies when they should not be.
Will the Minister either extend the service to over-18s or ensure that NHS communications are clear that this service is only for children?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
He will be aware that a decision was taken that ear wax removal services are better done in the community and that ear syringing can cause problems.
That area is under review and I am happy to write to him to address the specific point he makes about over-18s and children.
I absolutely agree that we should redouble our efforts to recruit and retain more home-grown carers, as the Welsh Government are doing by paying them all at least the real living wage, but in the short term we have to rely on foreign workers.
From her earlier answers, it appears that the Social Care Minister is happy to deprive them of the enjoyment of their own family life, while we expect them to give our relatives loving care.
Will she think again and speak to Home Office colleagues about dropping this totally inhumane ban?
As the hon.
Lady will have heard me say earlier, we are grateful to international care workers who come to care for our loved ones in this country.
We need to get the balance right between international recruitment and our home-grown care workforce.
On the question specifically on dependants, I say to her that every care worker who comes here to do work in the UK has a choice as to whether to come here or not.