I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Secretary of State met the Northern Ireland Health Minister just yesterday.
I absolutely assure him that all parts of the United Kingdom will be included in the once-in-a-generation public health intervention that will save millions of lives.
I urge my right hon.
Friend to get on with introducing the Bill, because every single day we delay, more people die of cancer and other smoking-related diseases.
Equally, in creating the first generation of people who will not be allowed to buy cigarettes or tobacco products—that is excellent—does she agree that one concern is that young people are now taking up vaping instead of smoking, and that vaping is clearly a path towards nicotine addiction?
Yes.
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
There is no doubt that tobacco and vaping companies are now trying to recruit children, putting vapes, including many illegal vapes, next to the sweet counter with extraordinary flavours such as bubble gum and berry blast, which are clearly not designed, as was originally proposed, for adult smokers to be able to quit smoking by moving to vaping.
He is absolutely right and we will bring forward this once-in-a-generation legislation shortly.
What steps she plans to take to improve the recruitment and retention of community and district nurses.
We have delivered our manifesto commitment of 50,000 more nurses six months early.
There are now almost 361,000 nurses working across the NHS.
As part of that, community nursing has grown by over 9% since 2019.
There has been a crisis brewing in community-facing nursing over the past decade, with the number of district nurses down by 40% and health visitor numbers in England and Wales falling by almost a third.
What guarantees will the Minister provide that this vital workforce will be supported, when health budgets in all the nations of the UK are under increasing strain and NHS funding faces a £2 billion black hole, and cuts to spending in England have a consequential impact on budgets in Scotland?
Record funding is going into our NHS.
In addition to the 9% increase in community nursing since 2019, we are investing over £2.4 billion in education and training through the NHS long term workforce plan, which commits to increasing training places for district nurses by 41% by the end of the decade.
Since 2010, we have delivered over 63,300 more nurses and midwives into our NHS.
When she plans to respond to the Joint Committee on the Draft Mental Health Bill’s report entitled “Draft Mental Health Bill 2022”, published on 19 January 2023.
I put on record my thanks to the members of the pre-legislative scrutiny Committee, which scrutinised our draft Mental Health Bill.
We are looking at the recommendations and will respond to the Committee’s report shortly.
It is now over a year since the Joint Committee report on the draft Mental Health Bill was published.
Despite repeated promises of reform, the Government have failed to act.
More than 50,000 people are held under the Mental Health Act 1983.
It is an outrage to them and to campaigners that reform has been de-prioritised.
Will the Minister confirm when the Government plan to bring a formal Bill to Parliament and what conversations they have had with the Chancellor in the run-up to the Budget to ensure the reforms are properly resourced?
As I have said, we have published our draft Bill, it has undergone pre-legislative scrutiny and I shall respond to the Committee’s recommendations shortly, but this is not just about legislative reform.
As a result of the £143 million that we have invested in crisis support, we have already seen less use of the Mental Health Act 1983 because people are being seen earlier: our crisis cafés and crisis telephone services, for example, have led to a 15% reduction in the use of the Act.
It is a number of years since we promised to reform mental health legislation that reflects a time when people with severe mental ill health were viewed as problems to be managed rather than as individuals.
I believe that we on these Benches, as Conservatives, should be doing everything we can to empower people and respect their liberties.
It simply is not right that in the 21st century people’s health conditions are being managed through the forced administration of drugs, which pays no respect to their liberties.
May I reiterate the urgency with which measures should be introduced, particularly as people with lived experience have relived their trauma to provide the benefit of their experiences?
I absolutely entirely agree.
That is why the Government published the draft Bill in January last year, and why it underwent pre-legislative scrutiny.
I gave evidence to the Committee, and we are working our way through its detailed recommendations and will publish our response shortly.
However, that is in addition to our significant reform of mental health services, particularly earlier intervention and crisis cafés.
We have seen the impact of that: 15% fewer detentions under the Mental Health Act, 8% fewer admissions to hospitals and 12% fewer admissions from our mental health crisis telephone centres, which are now available across England 24/7.
What steps she is taking to improve healthcare for women.
Women’s health is one of my top priorities.
As we approach International Women’s Day, we have already improved access to contraception and the treatment of urinary tract infections through Pharmacy First, announced £50 million of funding for research on maternity disparities and other health conditions affecting women, and set the expectation that each integrated care board area will have at least one women’s health hub operating this year.
For more than a decade I have been raising the appalling, often agonising treatment of many women who need hysteroscopies in the NHS.
They are being left with unnecessary trauma and are reluctant to engage further with doctors, which is quite simply life-threatening.
However, the medical establishment continues to resist change and the Government shirk their leadership role.
Earlier this year the Secretary of State set out her priorities for the women’s health strategy, and access to pain-free hysteroscopy was not included.
Why?