From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAJOR RUSSELL BARTHOLOW FOR 17 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE

TO OUR COUNTRY

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize Major Russell

Bartholow for his 17 years of service with the Nebraska Army National

Guard.
Russell Bartholow joined the Nebraska Army National Guard in 2007,

motivated to do something for our country and for this world.
In 2008, he was sent to Afghanistan, where he spent 22 months serving

as the head of a five-person ``Effects Cell.''
He was responsible for

developing and conducting civil-military projects in the nine northern

Afghanistan provinces.
His team completed 31 projects, including

providing innocent children with clothes, food and toys.
Major Bartholow always went above and beyond what was asked of him.
When he saw the innocent children, he worked hard to find them a safe

place to play.
He was able to negotiate with Afghan businessmen and

elders to raise over $200,000 in funding for a park.
This park included

a soccer field, basketball court and merry-go-rounds and provided an

oasis of hope and safety for the kids affected by war.
His heart for service and dedication to the children and civilians

are further seen in his being awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his

coordination of $12 million in funding for roads, schools and clinics.
After his time in Afghanistan, Bartholow was promoted to Captain.
In

2018, he was promoted to the rank of Major in the Nebraska Army

National Guard.
During his years of service, Major Bartholow has also been awarded

the Combat Action Badge and the Army Achievement Medal.
Major Russell Bartholow will be retiring in June 2024.
On behalf of the First District of Nebraska, I thank Major Bartholow

for his service and extend best wishes on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF JOEY CHIANG

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of Joey

Chiang, the current president of the Taiwanese Chambers of Commerce of

North America (TCCNA).
Mr. Chiang works tirelessly to lead the TCCNA in

their mission to support and connect Taiwanese business members in

North America.
TCCNA was established in 1986 as a non-profit organization.
TCCNA

encompasses thirty-five regional chambers primarily composed of

Taiwanese immigrants.
These regional chambers span the U.S. and Canada,

including major metropolitan areas such as Los Angeles, New York, and

here in the nation's capital.
Under the careful stewardship of past

presidents, TCCNA has grown into the largest transnational civilian

organization in North America.
Serving as a vital platform for

communication between Taiwanese businesses in North America and the

Taiwanese government, TCCNA regularly advocates for the importance of

bilateral U.S.-Taiwan trade relations.
As of June 22, 2024, the TCCNA

is celebrating its 36th annual meeting of the board of directors.
This

impressive milestone is a testament to the dedication and passion that

TCCNA members bring to their organization.
TCCNA would not be what it is today without the guidance of President

Joey Chiang.
Mr. Chiang, a talented developer in his own right, has led

TCCNA to gather forty new directors under his term.
His expert hand

brought TCCNA great success in their annual Washington DC Door Knocking

Event, where the organization visited over fifty members of Congress.
Furthermore, Mr. Chiang is not only a talented and successful leader

but a generous benefactor.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, he personally

arranged and donated millions of masks from Taiwan to the United States

for frontline workers.
Mr. Chiang's zeal, generosity, and expert

governance has significantly enhanced economic and cultural exchanges

between Taiwan and the U.S.

Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

commemorating the dedication of Joey Chiang, a man responsible for

advancing Taiwanese-American commercial relations.