He was a

committed patriot, but his service to this country was not purely

through national defense.
Doug had a passion for volunteering.
He devoted much of his time to

the Humboldt Senior Resource Center, Area 1 Agency on Aging, the

Ingomar Club Board, and the Historical Committee.
When Alzheimer's

claimed the life of Doug's spouse, Virginia, he established a caregiver

support group to make sure that others had the help and training they

needed to care for family members stricken by the disease.
Doug was captivated by the beauty of our natural world and found

solace in nature.
He

was an avid hunter and fisherman.
He was a strong advocate for the

protection of salmonids and worked tirelessly with CalTrout to push for

the enactment of policies protecting these fish and their habitat.
He

was a master rosarian and taught classes on the cultivation of roses.
He loved spending time with his many friends.
His wit, humor, and

kindness left an indelible mark on all he met.
Doug is survived by his sister, Judy, and preceded in death by

Virginia, his wife of 50 years, as well as his father, Jules, mother

Harriette, stepmother Eleanor, and sister Georgia.
He is remembered as

a loving husband and brother, a community leader, a patriot, and a dear

friend to all who knew him.
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that Doug Durham was a dedicated

public servant who will be missed and whose many contributions to

Humboldt County and the nation are worthy of commendation.
Therefore,

it is fitting and proper that we honor his many contributions and

express our deep condolences to his family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF BRIGADIER GENERAL DEREK M. SALMI

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize United States

Air Force Brigadier General Derek M. Salmi for his critical service and

outstanding leadership as Commander of the 60th Air Mobility Wing,

Travis Air Force Base.
Brigadier General Salmi commissioned from the Air Force Academy in

1998 after earning his Bachelor of Science in political science.
Throughout his 25-year-long career, he has

commanded at the squadron, group, and wing levels and served as a

command pilot with more than 3,000 hours in mobility and trainer

aircraft.
In addition, he has deployed in support of Operations

Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom, and New Dawn.
As the Travis Air Force Base 60th Air Mobility Wing Commander,

Brigadier General Salmi led the Air Force's largest air mobility

organization in terms of personnel and was responsible for the well-

being and readiness of more than 26,100 active-duty, reserve and

civilian personnel, and their families.
In addition, he managed $13

billion in capital assets, executed a $650 million budget, and oversaw

the Air Force's largest medical center in the continental United

States.
Brigadier General Salmi's critical leadership and expertise not

only made our country safer, but also helped improve the lives of the

thousands of military and civilian personnel who work at Travis Air

Force Base.
Brigadier General Salmi's commitment to preparing the units at Travis

Air Force Base to respond to any potential threat characterized his

tenure as Commander of the 60th Air Mobility Wing.
He led the 60th Air

Mobility Wing in executing two intensive joint Agile Combat Employment

exercises in the United States Indo-Pacific Command theater of

operations while simultaneously providing 35 percent of all Department

of Defense logistics support to Ukraine.
Under Brigadier General Salmi's leadership, the 60th Air Mobility won

117 United States Air Force and Air Mobility Command awards.
In

addition, he directed multiple key military construction projects that

will make Travis Air Force Base more resilient and our country more

secure.
Brigadier General Salmi's selfless commitment to the military

personnel and families stationed at Travis Air Force Base has

undeniably improved the base for future generations of servicemembers.