Under Brigadier General Salmi's leadership, the 60th Air Mobility won

117 United States Air Force and Air Mobility Command awards.
In

addition, he directed multiple key military construction projects that

will make Travis Air Force Base more resilient and our country more

secure.
Brigadier General Salmi's selfless commitment to the military

personnel and families stationed at Travis Air Force Base has

undeniably improved the base for future generations of servicemembers.
On behalf of California's Eighth Congressional District, I would like

to extend my sincere gratitude for Brigadier General Salmi's dedication

and service to our country and community.
I know Travis Air Force Base

and the Solano County community join me in extending our best wishes as

Brigadier General Salmi embarks on his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DONNA M. CHIERA

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to congratulate Donna M. Chiera

on her retirement as President of the American Federation of Teachers

New Jersey (AFTNJ).
Ms. Chiera has dedicated over 40 years of service

to the education field and her contributions and accomplishments are

truly deserving of this body's recognition.
As President of AFTNJ, Donna Chiera brought a wealth of knowledge and

experience to the position.
She worked as a special education teacher

and resource room teacher for the Perth Amboy Public School District

for more than 30 years until her retirement from teaching in 2011.
Furthermore, Ms. Chiera also served as president of the local union,

Perth Amboy Federation of Teachers, from 1991 until 2013, as well as

AFTNJ executive vice president for grades pre-K through 12.
Her long-

standing involvement with AFT and her tenure as an educator exemplify

Ms. Chiera's commitment to serve and advance New Jersey's teachers and

students.
Representing the interests of 30,000 members of AFTNJ, Ms. Chiera has

been an active member of AFT national, chairing the Teachers program

and policy council, serving on subcommittees, and participating in both

the National and New Jersey Teacher of the Year selection

In addition to her leadership of AFTNJ, Ms. Chiera is Vice President

of the New Jersey State AFL-CIO Executive Board and previously served

as Vice President of the Middlesex-Somerset County Central Labor

Council, Education Chair of Perth Amboy's Strategic Planning Task

Force, and Education Co-Chair for New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy's

transition committee.
Mr. Speaker, please Join me in leading this body in acknowledgement

of the contributions of Donna Chiera.
She has tirelessly devoted her

time to New Jersey's education and labor communities, and I am honored

to recognize her today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GLORIA ORTIZ-FISHER FOR HER ACHIEVEMENTS WITH THE WESTSIDE

HOUSING ORGANIZATION IN KANSAS CITY

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Gloria Ortiz-

Fisher for receiving the prestigious 2024 Mid-America Regional Council

Regional Leadership Award.
Gloria has bettered the lives of countless

people in Missouri's Fifth Congressional District through her

remarkable work as the Executive Director for the Westside Housing

Organization.
This award serves as a testament to her lifelong

commitment to supporting her community.
Born in Kansas City--the same city she would later serve--Gloria

graduated from Park University with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting

and from DeVry University's Keller Graduate School with an MBA.
Since

then, she boasts over 30 years of work experience in the field of

finance, using her skills to make an impact on her fellow Kansas

Citians.
Notably, she served as the Director of Finance and Purchasing

for Jackson County, Missouri, from

2003 to 2007 and served as a member of its environmental task force,

promoting energy efficiency across all County departments.
A naturally

helpful and supportive person, Gloria first started working with the

Westside Housing Organization in 2011 at the request of a friend in

need, as there was a vacancy on the board.
The rest is history.