Weathers's inspirational

story moved me to introduce legislation to rename the Memphis VA after

him.
Lucchesi produced a memorial video of Lt.
Col.
Weathers for a

renaming ceremony of the Memphis VA Medical Center in July 2023.
``The

Green Beret Who Fought Muhammad Ali'' tells the story of Memphis native

Henry Hooper, a Booker T. Washington High school graduate who enlisted

in the Marines and later joined the U.S. Army's Special Forces Green

Berets.
As a Green Beret, he was invited to the U.S. Olympic Boxing

Trials in 1960 held at San Francisco's Cow Palace, where he sparred

with Cassius Clay, later known as Muhammad Ali, who won the Gold Medal

in the light heavyweight division in the Rome Olympics later that year.
Hooper describes the fight in the film, explaining that for a split

second, he took his eyes off Ali, and got knocked down.
Ali won the

match on a technical knock out.
Hooper spent 11 years on active duty,

some of it in Vietnam, while Ali resisted the draft and was charged

with draft evasion in a case later overturned by the U.S. Supreme

Court.
Hooper later became a Secret Service agent and was assigned

White House duty during the Carter Administration.
At a state dinner to

which Muhammad Ali had been invited, Ali approached Hooper saying he

was sure they'd met before.
Hooper said they'd met at the Cow Palace

and they embraced.
Hooper's colleagues asked about the encounter

because they had never heard the story of the boxing match.
As Hooper

explains it, he didn't talk about it: ``I lost.
I got beat . . .
but he

(Ali) remembered.''
Hooper, now a retired insurance agent in Memphis,

is finally getting the adulation as a veteran that he deserves, and it

is thanks to Mr. Lucchesi's talented filmmaking.
The six-minute

documentary can be viewed on the Medical Center's Facebook page.
Romeo

Lucchesi's talent is apparent, and I am pleased that he is working at

the Lt.
Col.
Luke Weathers Jr. VA Medical Center, helping to tell the

stories and honor those who have sacrificed to protect our freedoms.
I

congratulate him on his successes and look forward to seeing what else

he has in store for us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GEORGE HOWARD

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate the remarkable life and

upcoming 100th birthday of George Howard, an African American World War

II veteran and an esteemed resident of Lansing, Michigan.
Born in

Birmingham, Alabama on February 22, 1925, Mr. Howard has led a life of

service, resilience, and love for his fellow man.
His story is one of

transformation, from facing adversity and discrimination to building

meaningful and trusting relationships across racial lines.
Mr. Howard's service to our nation began when he was drafted into the

U.S. Army Air Forces in 1943.
During World War II, he served in an all-

Black unit and was responsible for handling and organizing munitions, a

duty that often placed him under enemy fire.
His bravery was

demonstrated in key campaigns, including in Naples and the Rome-Arno

operations in Italy, and his attachment to the 12th and 15th Air Forces

and the Mediterranean Allied Air Force.
Mr. Howard's service earned him multiple decorations, including the

European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with Bronze Star, the

Good Conduct Medal, and the WWII Victory Medal.
The experiences Mr. Howard had during the war affected his outlook on

life.
While serving in Italy and Switzerland, he encountered a level of

respect and equality from Europeans that was often denied to him in the

segregated American South.
These experiences fueled his desire to

promote equality and understanding among all people, a mission he has

carried with him throughout his life.
Upon returning to the United States, Mr. Howard once again faced the

harsh realities of a segregated society.