Title: CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF OPEN BUFFALO; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
106

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF OPEN BUFFALO

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 10th

Anniversary of Open Buffalo and the remarkable work they do to make our

community a more just, equitable place for all.
Founded in 2014, Open Buffalo is a non-profit organization dedicated

to advancing racial, economic, and ecological justice.
Open Buffalo

works to make Western New York a community free from discrimination and

poverty by prioritizing long-term solutions to address systemic

inequities.
Through all of its actions, Open Buffalo leads with the

values of empathy, accountability, collaboration, and restorative

justice.
Open Buffalo's work takes place through two main avenues--leadership

development and advocacy.
They help to create Buffalo's next generation

of skilled changemakers, hosting leadership trainings to empower our

youth to make a positive difference in our community.
Further, Open

Buffalo has increased civic engagement in our community by giving

individuals the platform to voice their own opinions and ideas.
Since Open Buffalo's founding, they have been a key advocate in

social justice-based change, making a tangible impact on the lives of

Western New Yorkers.
Today, I wish to highlight their newest project,

the Open Buffalo Ecology Center.
The creation of the ``Eco Center''

will provide 10 acres of community green space on the East Side of

Buffalo.
Open Buffalo will host recreational activities and educational

events for all in the community to participate in.
For 10 years, Open Buffalo has conducted the grassroots work to make

our community a more equitable place for everyone.
Please join me in

congratulating Open Buffalo on their 10th Anniversary and thanking them

for their remarkable service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING FAYTHE PETERSEN ON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to congratulate Mrs. Faythe

Petersen of Norfolk, Nebraska on her retirement.
Faythe is a longtime public servant with over 44 years of service

with the Norfolk Fire and Rescue.
Over decades, she supported generations of first responders both on

call and off.
She assisted with public education programs, helped plan

for emergencies and disasters, and coordinated with local, State, and

Federal public safety responders.
With her efforts, Norfolk Fire and Rescue was better able to serve

the community of Norfolk.
I know she will be greatly missed in the

department.
On behalf of the First District of Nebraska, I thank Faythe for her

service to the community of Norfolk, and extend best wishes to her on

her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ROMEO LUCCHESI

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Romeo Lucchesi, the

Visual Information Specialist at the Lt.
Col.
Luke Weathers Jr. VA

Medical Center in Memphis, for his successes in video marketing and

film-making.
Earlier this year, he won a Gold Aster Award for

excellence in healthcare advertising for his special video production

``A Tribute to Lt.
Col.
Luke Weathers Jr.'' Earlier this year, he also

won an Emmy Award for his documentary video essay ``The Green Beret Who

Fought Muhammad Ali.''
Lt.
Col.
Luke Weathers, Jr. was a Tuskegee

Airman from Memphis.
During World War II, Weathers was credited with

shooting down German planes while protecting U.S. Army Air Corps

bombers.
As a result of his stellar flying record, he earned an Air

Medal with 7 Clusters, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the American

Theater Ribbon Victory Medal WWII.
After the War, he worked for the

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and eventually returned to

Memphis, where he continued to support African Americans in the

military, aviation, and elsewhere.
Lt.
Col.
Weathers's inspirational

story moved me to introduce legislation to rename the Memphis VA after

him.
Lucchesi produced a memorial video of Lt.
Col.