who

peacefully passed away on Saturday, April 20, 2024, surrounded by his

loving family at his home in Alexandria, Virginia.
John, age eighty-

seven, leaves behind a legacy of love, wisdom, and service that is

deeply cherished.
John was a U.S. Airforce Technical Sergeant, he enlisted in the

United States Air Force in 1954, serving with distinction in various

locations worldwide, including Libya, Spain, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and

England.
He also served at multiple locations within the United States,

Nebraska, Indiana, Kansas, and North Carolina.
John retired in 1977, at

Pease AFB in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, after serving our country for

23 years.
His very noble contributions earned him numerous Air Force

Medals, symbolizing his unwavering dedication to his country.
Following his military service, John worked in the Intelligence

Community, for the U.S. Government, at Raytheon/E-Systems, as an

Electronic Technician.
There, he continued to serve our National

Security community for more than 12 years, and eventually retired with

a total of more than 35 years of dedicated service.
John Agenor Cannady, Sr.
was preceded in death by his beloved wife,

Antionette Cannady.
He leaves behind five children, nine grandchildren,

nine great-grandchildren and one great-great grandchild.
His legacy

lives on through his large and loving family who remember him as filled

with profound knowledge, an enthusiastic advocate of education, a

generous and wise man.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MIKE HOWARD

HON.
JAKE LaTURNER

Mr. LaTURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in appreciation for a member

of my staff, Mike Howard, who has recently embarked on a new job off

the Hill after nearly three years of service as my communications

director.
Mike began in my office in August of 2021, and has served

since then as a trusted advisor who has constantly sharpened our team

and ensured that we are able to get out the message of our work here in

Congress to my constituents from Galena to Atchison.
Mike has spent countless early mornings and late nights preparing

with me for interviews, town halls, committee hearings, and making sure

that we are able to clearly explain the work that we do here.
Mike will

be sorely missed as he moves on to this new role, but I would like to

thank him once again for his dedication and commitment to the people of

the Second Congressional District of Kansas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DOUG DURHAM

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Doug Durham who

passed away at the age of 94 on April 11, 2024.
Doug served honorably

in the United States Navy during the Korean War and continued his

dedication to serving our country after leaving the service.
Born in Reed City, Michigan on July 7, 1929, Doug served on the first

ship to leave the United States for Korea, the USS Endicott DMS 25.
On

the Endicott, Doug took part in the mission to sweep mines in Hungnam

Harbor and assist in the Christmas Miracle evacuation of 105,000

servicemembers from the Chosin reservoir.
He was honored as a Humboldt

Hero and was selected to participate in an Honor Flight to Washington,

D.C. to see the memorials built to honor him and others that served.
Doug continued to serve his country in the private sector after

leaving the Navy.
He was instrumental in the development of a

groundbreaking missile detection system during his 30-year career at

Lockheed.
His contributions to this field were invaluable.
He was a

committed patriot, but his service to this country was not purely

through national defense.
Doug had a passion for volunteering.
He devoted much of his time to

the Humboldt Senior Resource Center, Area 1 Agency on Aging, the

Ingomar Club Board, and the Historical Committee.