While serving in Italy and Switzerland, he encountered a level of

respect and equality from Europeans that was often denied to him in the

segregated American South.
These experiences fueled his desire to

promote equality and understanding among all people, a mission he has

carried with him throughout his life.
Upon returning to the United States, Mr. Howard once again faced the

harsh realities of a segregated society.
Though he had served with

honor and integrity, he and other African American veterans were

excluded from celebrations.
Despite the lack of recognition and

disrespectful treatment, he remained focused on the values he fought

for during the war.
He expressed deep gratitude for President Truman's

decision to desegregate the U.S. Armed Forces in 1948, a significant

step towards equality.
After his military service, Mr. Howard moved to Brooklyn, New York,

and eventually settled in Michigan, where he built a career as a

physical therapy technician at Ingham Medical Center in Lansing.
His

professional dedication was matched by his passion for jazz music.
A

proud father of three, he and his saxophone were often exiled by his

children to a friend's basement to practice in the early days of

developing his talent.
Eventually, he was not only performing locally

but also traveling across the country to study and listen to other jazz

artists.
At the age of 92, he realized a lifelong dream by recording

his first CD, ``George Howard and My Jazz Brothers,'' thanks to the

support of his friends.
Mr. Howard's life is a testament to the power of perseverance and the

strength found in service to one's country.
To this day, he strongly

believes in the fundamental principle that all men are created equal

and has spent his life fostering understanding and respect among

different cultures.
He is also deeply committed to ensuring that people

learn about the significant contributions of Black soldiers who have

served our country, from the Revolutionary War to World War II to

today.
It is with great respect and admiration that I recognize George

Howard's extraordinary contributions and wish him a joyous celebration

of his 100th birthday in the United States House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JACKIE HUNLEY

HON.
JAKE LaTURNER

Mr. LaTURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in appreciation for a member

of my staff for her dedicated service to the people of Kansas.
Jackie

Hunley began in my office in October of 2021 and since then has

dedicated her time, energy, and expertise to improving the lives of the

people of the Second Congressional District.
From serving as a

legislative correspondent and ensuring we provide thoughtful replies to

each constituent letter to shaping our office's appropriations process

as my legislative director, Jackie has made our office better with her

quick wit, work ethic, and desire to serve others.
Jackie has become an adopted Kansan during her time with our team,

not least because she met her husband, Chance--a fellow Southeast

Kansan, while serving on our staff.
While we will miss her as she has

moved on to serve her own home state of Iowa, I extend my deepest

gratitude for her time of service to myself and my constituents and

look forward to seeing her excel in her new role.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN AGENOR CANNADY, SR.
HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John Agenor Cannady, Sr.,
who

peacefully passed away on Saturday, April 20, 2024, surrounded by his

loving family at his home in Alexandria, Virginia.
John, age eighty-

seven, leaves behind a legacy of love, wisdom, and service that is

deeply cherished.
John was a U.S. Airforce Technical Sergeant, he enlisted in the

United States Air Force in 1954, serving with distinction in various

locations worldwide, including Libya, Spain, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and

England.