While the current law already allows prosecutors to

charge 16 and 17 year-olds as adults at their discretion, without a

judge's approval, H.R. 5140 would lower that age even further.
Even in states with a history of tough-on-crime stances, many are

moving in a more rehabilitative direction.
This approach aligns with a broader national trend, including in

several Republican-led states, to reform juvenile justice with a focus

on rehabilitation rather than punishment.
For example, Texas, a state

known for its traditionally tough stance on crime, has undertaken

significant reforms since 2007.
These reforms have focused on

encouraging local, evidence-based supervision for low-level youth

offenders, which has led to a significant reduction in the state-level

committed population and millions of dollars in cost savings while

protecting public safety.
Juvenile arrests in Texas dropped by 27

percent between 2007 and 2011 following these changes.
Similarly, in Utah, Republican Governor Gary Herbert signed a

comprehensive set of reforms in 2017 with near-unanimous support from

the Republican-led legislature.
These reforms have also reduced

reliance on locked detention by diverting more young people into

community-based programs.
Early outcomes from these changes show that

the use of locked detention has fallen significantly, while the use of

diversion is on the rise.
Even in Georgia, another state that has historically had a lower age

for adult prosecution, there has been a movement to extend the juvenile

justice system.
In 2022, the state passed a bill to raise the adult

criminal age from 17 to 18 for most crimes, recognizing that this

provides adolescents with better opportunities for rehabilitation.
This bill would make Washington, D.C., an outlier.
While the current

law already allows prosecutors to charge 16 and 17 year-olds as adults

at their discretion, without a judge's approval, H.R. 5140 would lower

that age even further.
In contrast, many states are moving in the

opposite direction, raising the age of juvenile jurisdiction, not

lowering it.
Real solutions to violent crime do not come from sending middle

schoolers to adult court.
They come from investing in communities.
They

come from supporting our schools, expanding after-school programs,

providing job training, and ensuring access to mental health services.
I urge my colleagues to reject this misguided and dangerous bill.
Vote No on H.R. 5140.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I was present for the vote but my voting

card did not record.
I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
276.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH

BARTHOLOMEW TO WASHINGTON, D.C.

HON.
SUSIE LEE

Ms. LEE of Nevada.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome His All-

Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to Washington, D.C. He will

be in our Nation's Capital this week after visiting New York City,

where he will receive the distinguished Templeton Prize.
The Templeton

Prize was previously received by Mother Teresa, the Dalai Lama, and

Archbishop Desmond Tutu, among others.
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is a world-leading advocate for

interfaith dialogue and peace.
As Ecumenical Patriarch of

Constantinople for nearly 35 years, the Patriarch has taken on the most

difficult issues facing the world, whether it's building bridges

between East and West, protecting our environment, or fostering

dialogue between religious faiths.
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is also an international

environmental leader and has earned the title ``Green Patriarch.''
He

consistently used his role to bring people of different faiths together

to discuss how they could be good stewards of the Earth, and he made

caring for the environment a central commitment in his role as

spiritual leader.
In 1997, the Patriarch even received the

Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor awarded by this body.
On behalf of the vibrant Greek Orthodox community in Southern Nevada,

I extend my deepest respects to His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch

Bartholomew.