BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER

Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, and

Fox Lake, Illinois's 23rd Mayor, Donny Schmit, a public servant,

community leader, and proud alumnus of Grant Community High School.
I

am proud to recognize Mayor Schmit for his decades of dedicated service

to the people of Fox Lake and his lifelong commitment to civic and

community engagement.
And I am proud that Donny's service is now

forever recognized with his induction this year into the Grant

Community High School Hall of Fame.
The Grant Community High School Hall of Fame honors alumni who have

achieved distinction, outstanding accomplishment, or significant

contribution in their professions, their communities, their schools,

their families, or their personal lives.
Inductees are chosen as role

models for students and as examples of the excellence the school seeks

to inspire.
Donny's life and career undoubtedly reflect these very

ideals.
Donny graduated from Grant in 1971, where he lettered in both

football and wrestling.
Following high school, he embarked on a

successful career in the trades, but his true calling has been in

service to his hometown community.
Over the years, he has served as a

Village Trustee, Planning Commission Board member, and is currently in

his fourth consecutive term as Mayor of Fox Lake.
In this role, Donny

has been a steadfast supporter of Grant High School, regularly

attending events, welcoming student interns to the Village,

incorporating student voices into municipal planning, and honoring

students and coaches.
His service extends well beyond his mayoral responsibilities.
Donny

dedicated more than 25 years as a volunteer with the Fox Lake Fire

Department, coached young athletes with the Lakeland Cardinals, and

helped lead programs with the Lions Club, including as an instructor

for the blind bowling league.
In addition, he has been an active member

of his church, where he received the Christi Fidelis Award from

Cardinal Francis George for his exceptional volunteer work.
Through his leadership, Donny has guided significant improvements to

the Village of Fox Lake and has been a tireless advocate for his

community.
He embodies the values of service, leadership, and integrity

and serves as a role model for students and citizens alike.
As part of his Hall of Fame induction, Donny will be celebrated

during a series of homecoming events--including a reception, pep

assembly, the varsity football game, and the homecoming parade--giving

the community and students alike the opportunity to honor his

achievements.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mayor

Donny Schmit for his extraordinary service to Fox Lake, his devotion to

Grant Community High School, and his well-deserved induction into the

Grant Community High School Hall of Fame.
His contributions will have a

lasting impact, and his example will continue to inspire future

generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HIS ALL-HOLINESS BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
GRACE MENG

Ms. MENG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor His All-Holiness

Bartholomew, Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople, on his visit to

Washington, D.C., and his reception of the Templeton Prize in New York

City.
Patriarch Bartholomew has served since 1991 as the spiritual leader

of more than 300 million Orthodox Christians worldwide, including many

from the Greek Orthodox community from Queens, New York, whom I am

proud to represent.
Known as ``first among equals'' among the Primates

of the Orthodox Church, he carries forward a tradition that reaches

back nearly two thousand years to the Apostle Andrew.
Throughout his ministry, he has been a champion of religious freedom,

human rights, and interfaith dialogue.
He has worked to build bridges

between Christians, Jews, and Muslims, and has consistently spoken out

for peace.
He is also recognized as the ``Green Patriarch'' for his leadership

in addressing climate change and environmental destruction, which he

has called a sin against God's creation.
His efforts have brought

together scientists, world leaders, and faith communities to safeguard

our planet.