In each of these roles, Joe has brought not

only his kind and gentle demeanor and his thirst for truth and

fairness, but also a wealth of experience, wisdom and good judgment.
His influence has been legendary and welcomed.
Joe is also a devoted husband and father who delights in spending

time with his family.
He has traveled widely with his loving wife,

Maria Otero, and takes great pride in his three children, Justin, David

and Ana, who lead their lives according to the values they learned from

him.
As Joe retires from his boards and other formal duties, I hope my

colleagues will join me in offering him thanks for a lifetime of

service that has made the world a better place.
I wish him many years

ahead of good health and what our late, great colleague, John Lewis,

called ``good trouble''.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALICE MERRIMAN'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Alice Merriman a very

happy 100th birthday, who will be celebrating her milestone on

September 26, 2025.
In 1925, Alice was born on a farm in Battle Creek, Nebraska.
Fifty

years ago, Alice moved to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
Alice worked hard to

achieve her master's degree in Idaho.
After working diligently to complete her degree, Alice spent the next

twenty years working in Idaho.
Together with her husband, Bob, Alice

raised two children.
Alice has exemplified the values of perseverance,

dedication, and hard work.
Alice's dedication to her family and her

faith exemplifies true determination and courage.
Alice and her family have consistently embodied the traditional

values we cherish in Idaho.
I thank Alice Merriman for her incredible example of perseverance and

fearlessness.
I wish her a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
JOHN JAMES

Mr. JAMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Ecumenical

Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual head of the Orthodox Christian

Church, the second largest Christian church in the world.
This week,

His All-Holiness is visiting the White House and members of Congress,

and I am proud to join in recognizing his leadership.
Patriarch Bartholomew has been a tireless voice for peace, religious

freedom, and human dignity around the globe.
He is also a recipient of

the prestigious Templeton Prize, joining the ranks of Mother Teresa,

the Dalai Lama, and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, individuals who have

dedicated their lives to advancing humanity's purpose and moral

compass.
Michigan, and especially Macomb County, is blessed with a vibrant

Greek-American community.
More than 7,200 residents in Macomb trace

their heritage to Greece, with Sterling Heights home to the largest

concentration.
Within Macomb County alone, nearly 4,500 Greek Orthodox

faithful gather in worship and service.
Parishes like St. John Greek

Orthodox Church and Assumption Greek Orthodox Church are not just

places of faith, they are pillars of community life, strengthening

families, serving neighbors, and preserving treasured traditions.
On behalf of Michigan's 10th District, I extend my gratitude and

pride to His All-Holiness Patriarch Bartholomew for his spiritual

leadership and his enduring contributions to people of faith in

Michigan, across America, and around the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FOX LAKE, ILLINOIS MAYOR DONNY SCHMIT ON HIS INDUCTION INTO

THE GRANT COMMUNITY HIGH SCHOOL HALL OF FAME

HON.
BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER

Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, and

Fox Lake, Illinois's 23rd Mayor, Donny Schmit, a public servant,

community leader, and proud alumnus of Grant Community High School.
I

am proud to recognize Mayor Schmit for his decades of dedicated service

to the people of Fox Lake and his lifelong commitment to civic and

community engagement.