He has worked to build bridges

between Christians, Jews, and Muslims, and has consistently spoken out

for peace.
He is also recognized as the ``Green Patriarch'' for his leadership

in addressing climate change and environmental destruction, which he

has called a sin against God's creation.
His efforts have brought

together scientists, world leaders, and faith communities to safeguard

our planet.
The Ecumenical Patriarch is no stranger to this Capitol.
In 1997, he

received the Congressional Gold Medal under this very dome.
As he

visits Congress once again, we honor his lifetime of service as a

peacemaker and a bridge-builder for our world.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing His All-

Holiness Bartholomew, a voice of faith, hope, and reconciliation for

our time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF VERNON M. KRAWCZYK

HON.
TONY WIED

Mr. WIED.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Vernon Krawczyk, a devoted veteran, business owner, educator, and

longtime resident of the Green Bay community.
Born on December 23, 1933, in Green Bay, Wisconsin, to Zeno and

Isabelle Krawczyk, Vern exemplified service and commitment throughout

his life.
A proud graduate of Central Catholic High School in 1952, he

attended St. Norbert College before enlisting in the U.S. Marine Corps

in 1954, serving honorably until 1957.
He completed his degree at St.

Norbert College in 1959 and married Judy Selissen on November 27, 1959,

building a life rooted in family and community.
Vern and Judy operated the Skytop Supper Club from 1972 until their

retirement in 2005, creating a cherished gathering place for the

community.
Vern's dedication to Green Bay was remarkable as he served

as an adjunct instructor at NWTC for over 15 years, teaching business,

marketing, and responsible beverage service.
His leadership extended to

roles as president of the Brown County Tavern League for over 20 years,

former chair of the Brown County Republican Party, and member of the

St. Vincent Hospital Advisory Council, the Bellevue Optimist Club, and

the NEW Zoological Society's Tech Advisory Commission.
He also served

on the City of Green Bay's Protection and Welfare Committee and chaired

fundraising for the Shy Ranch for Boys, further reflecting his

commitment to education and youth.
In his spare time, Vern enjoyed

gardening, cooking, fishing, and deer camp, always with a focus on

conservation.
Through and beyond his hobbies, he touched countless

lives with his warmth, generosity, and tireless work ethic.
Vern is survived by his wife, Judy, their three children, Patty,

Steve, and John; eight grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and

many nieces and nephews.
Mr. Speaker, Vern Krawczyk's life was a testament to service, family,

and community.
His contributions have left an enduring impact on Green

Bay, and his memory will continue to inspire us.
I offer my deepest

condolences to his loving wife Judy, family, friends, and the Green Bay

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF CAPTAIN MATTHEW J. JERBI

HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Matthew J.

Jerbi, United States Navy, a resident of Fairfax, Virginia, who is

retiring after 30 years of faithful service to our Nation following his

commission from the United States Naval Academy.
After graduating from the Naval Academy in 1995, Captain Jerbi began

his dedicated service to our Nation.
Captain Jerbi served the Navy in a

wide variety of roles over the next thirty years, both throughout the

country and overseas.
His assignments include USS Vincennes (CG 49); USS O'Brien (DD 975);

USS Mustin (DDG 89); USS Normandy (CG 60); Commanding Officer of USS

Independence (LCS 2); Commodore of Destroyer Squadron 7; Director of

Warfare Integration; Navy Unmanned Task Force; Deputy Chief of Navy

Legislative Affairs: Director, Navy House Liaison Office; and as

Special Assistant to the Chief of Navy Legislative Affairs.