He

consistently used his role to bring people of different faiths together

to discuss how they could be good stewards of the Earth, and he made

caring for the environment a central commitment in his role as

spiritual leader.
In 1997, the Patriarch even received the

Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor awarded by this body.
On behalf of the vibrant Greek Orthodox community in Southern Nevada,

I extend my deepest respects to His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch

Bartholomew.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in welcoming

him to our Nation's Capital.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
DAVID WILLIAMS FOR RECEIVING THE BEST COMMUNITY BANKING

AWARD FOR 2025

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize my friend, Mr.

David Williams, for being awarded the Best Community Banking Award for

2025 by the Community Bankers of Michigan.
This prestigious and well-

deserved distinction reflects his dedication to Michigan's banking

industry and his tireless contributions to communities throughout

Michigan's 1st Congressional District.
Mr. Williams' long and distinguished career in banking began at a

small community bank in Houghton, before spending 25 years working for

larger financial institutions in Ohio and lower Michigan.
Throughout

those years, he remained committed to a personal goal: returning to the

Upper Peninsula to manage and grow a community bank.
For the past 25 years, Mr. Williams has led Upper Peninsula State

Bank with steadfast commitment to both customer service and community

engagement.
His passion for serving his community extends beyond his

day-to-day work, as reflected in his advocacy for the industry at both

the state and federal levels.
In addition to his role as President and

CEO, he serves as a Michigan Federal Delegate for the Independent

Community Bankers of America and is a long-time member of FIS's

Strategic Planning Advisory Council.
Mr. Speaker, let us join in recognizing Mr. David Williams for

receiving the distinguished Best Community Banking Award for 2025.
I

thank him for his enduring commitment to Michigan's 1st Congressional

District and his invaluable contributions to our great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICAN LEGION POST 667

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th

anniversary of American Legion Post 667 in Universal City, Texas.
Since its chartering in 1975, Post 667 has stood as a cornerstone of

service, supporting veterans, active-duty service members, and families

across northeast Bexar County.
For five decades, the Post has served as a hub for camaraderie,

patriotic education, civic engagement, and community service.
From mentoring youth through programs that instill duty and honor, to

assisting veterans as they transition to civilian life, Post 667 has

embodied the American Legion's mission of service not self.
Their members have organized countless community events, supported

patriotic observances, and provided a strong voice for those who have

worn the uniform of our Nation.
Mr. Speaker, this milestone is an opportunity to celebrate a proud

legacy and to honor those who have selflessly given back to our country

and community.
I commend American Legion Post 667 for fifty years of leadership,

service, and sacrifice, and I wish them continued success in the

decades ahead.