Title: CELEBRATING AMERICAN BUSINESS WOMEN'S DAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
153

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING AMERICAN BUSINESS WOMEN'S DAY

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Women Inspiring

Women Leaders Chapter of American Business Women's Association (ABWA),

charted in Fredericksburg, Virginia, on July 31, 2021, and to celebrate

American Business Women's Day.
ABWA's Women Inspiring Women Leaders Chapter held its first meeting

on May 22, 2019, with a clear vision: to provide a community for

businesswomen to grow through networking connections that empower,

advocate and educate in a diverse atmosphere of meetings and community

involvement.
Through their efforts, they have brought together businesswoman from

a variety of fields, offering opportunities for personal and

professional growth through mentorship and more.
I am proud to join them and their sister chapters across our country

in celebrating 76 years of ABWA and its impact in Fredericksburg,

Stafford, and Central Virginia.
I thank the Fredericksburg Women Inspiring Women Leaders Chapter for

their dedication to uplifting others, and I'm proud to join them in

celebrating their achievements and ongoing commitment to empowering

women in business.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the

Fredericksburg Women Inspiring Women Leaders Chapter for their lasting

impact on our communities and their vital contributions to our local

and national economy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF LAKE ELMO, MINNESOTA

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th

anniversary of the City of Lake Elmo, Minnesota.
On Saturday, September

13, 2025, residents of Lake Elmo kicked off a month of celebrations

with family, friends, and neighbors at Lions Park, including a flyover

from the Commemorative Air Force of South St. Paul, Minnesota.
Natural

beauty, clear waters, and good fishing have long attracted people to

the waters of what was then called Bass Lake and neighboring lakes.
In

1848, it is believed that two Virginians, Bernard and Maria Cyphers

were the first white settlers to the area.
Just south of Sunfish Lake,

the Cyphers built a hotel and tavern called the Lake House.
In 1850,

Stillwater Road was built through the community, which served as the

main route for stagecoaches taking passengers between Saint Paul and

Stillwater.
By 1872, the Saint Paul, Stillwater and Taylor's Falls Railroad--

later the Omaha Road--was built, making it easier for tourists to reach

the lake from Saint Paul.
A post office was established at Bass Lake

Station, with the Lake House being used as a town meeting site.
In

1879, a prominent Saint Paul businessman and railroad promotor named

Alpheus B. Stickney was prompted by his wife Kate to pick Lake Elmo as

the new name for the growing village and its largest lake, which was a

name believed to be based on a popular character in literature at the

time.
Utilizing the city's nearby environment and valuable natural

resources, Lake Elmo quickly became a popular summer resort.
With the

railways in place, Lake Elmo also became a bustling commercial hub for

agriculture and industry, supplying farmers with grain houses,

blacksmiths, and repair shops.
After Stillwater Road was fully paved

and completed in 1920, the village underwent rapid development.
In

1925, supported by economic activity, the downtown was formalized as

Lake Elmo Village.
While no longer an agricultural hub, Lake Elmo continues to share its

natural wonders with surrounding communities.
Lake Elmo Regional Park

Reserve and Sunfish Lake Park offer our community access to the

outdoors with modern and equestrian campgrounds, fishing piers, a boat

launch, and trails for hiking and bicycling.
Lake Elmo has played a special role in Minnesota as a place of

historic significance and great natural beauty.
Mr. Speaker, please

join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary of Lake Elmo.