Lake Elmo Regional Park

Reserve and Sunfish Lake Park offer our community access to the

outdoors with modern and equestrian campgrounds, fishing piers, a boat

launch, and trails for hiking and bicycling.
Lake Elmo has played a special role in Minnesota as a place of

historic significance and great natural beauty.
Mr. Speaker, please

join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary of Lake Elmo.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 80TH BIRTHDAY OF JOSEPH ELDRIDGE

HON.
JAMES P. McGOVERN

Mr. McGOVERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the lifelong

contributions of Reverend Joseph Eldridge, who celebrated his 80th

birthday earlier this year.
I have had the honor of knowing Joe for his

selfless devotion to the causes of human rights and social justice over

many decades, particularly with respect to Central and South America.
Joe has been called a ``servant-leader'', which I think is a perfect

way of describing the way he has offered his knowledge, his integrity,

his hard work and his faith to lift up the poor, the sick and the

oppressed, often at great risk to his own safety and security.
Throughout his life, Joe Eldridge has demonstrated his love of

humanity and his respect for every person's dignity.
He listened deeply

and given wholeheartedly.
From his earliest beginnings, growing up in

Tennessee and inspired by his father, who was a Methodist minister, Joe

has stood up for what is right.
In a social environment that was filled

with racism and fear, he believed in a God who is fundamentally loving

and accepting.
He became

active in the civil rights and anti-war movements of the 1960's and

1970's, and after attending seminary decided to expand his knowledge of

the world by working as a missionary.
He soon ended up in Santiago,

Chile, where he endured the 1973 coup that deposed President Salvador

Allende.
As he began witnessing the abuses of the Pinochet regime and

guiding foreign journalists to document them, his friends started

disappearing.
He returned to the United States to pursue a master's

degree at American University's School of International Service.
Over the next two decades he piled up an impressive record of

leadership by founding the Washington D.C. Office on Latin America,

with which I have worked closely on so many issues, and directing the

D.C. office of Lawyers Committee for Human Rights (now Human Rights

First).
He also worked on Latin American rights for the United

Methodist Church and got himself thrown out of Honduras for

investigating abuses by its military junta.
In the 1990's and 2000's, Joe continued his passionate advocacy for

human rights and justice through his service as a School of

International Service professor and as American University's longest

serving chaplain.
He is known for transforming the Kay Spiritual Life

Center into ``a hub for social justice and courageous conversation on

campus,'' and for bringing human rights and racial equity into the

forefront of campus engagement.
And it was not only in the university

community that he performed his pastoral role--as a minister, he

married legions of social activists and christened hundreds of their

children.
Whether it was weddings, funerals, or baptisms, Joe was

always there for his community.
In recent years, he has also served as an active and generous member

and officer of various boards and advisory committees, including those

of the Center for International Policy, the Area Foundation, and the

U.S. Institute of Peace.
In each of these roles, Joe has brought not

only his kind and gentle demeanor and his thirst for truth and

fairness, but also a wealth of experience, wisdom and good judgment.
His influence has been legendary and welcomed.
Joe is also a devoted husband and father who delights in spending

time with his family.