After graduating from the Naval Academy in 1995, Captain Jerbi began

his dedicated service to our Nation.
Captain Jerbi served the Navy in a

wide variety of roles over the next thirty years, both throughout the

country and overseas.
His assignments include USS Vincennes (CG 49); USS O'Brien (DD 975);

USS Mustin (DDG 89); USS Normandy (CG 60); Commanding Officer of USS

Independence (LCS 2); Commodore of Destroyer Squadron 7; Director of

Warfare Integration; Navy Unmanned Task Force; Deputy Chief of Navy

Legislative Affairs: Director, Navy House Liaison Office; and as

Special Assistant to the Chief of Navy Legislative Affairs.
Throughout his career, Captain Jerbi has demonstrated exceptional

commitment to the country and has always striven to expand his

education.
In 2001, he earned a Master of Arts in National Security

Affairs from the Naval Post Graduate School.
His personal awards

include the Legion of Merit (three awards), Meritorious Service Medal

(five awards), Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal (five awards),

and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal (one award).
I commend Captain Jerbi for his dedication to our country and the

sacrifices he and his

family have made.
I thank him, his wife Kerenza, and two daughters,

Isabella and Natasha, for their service and wish him fair winds and

following seas as he concludes a distinguished career.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in

recognizing Captain Matthew Jerbi as he retires from the U.S. Navy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LOWERING AGE AT WHICH A MINOR MAY BE TRIED AS ADULT FOR CERTAIN

CRIMINAL OFFENSES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

speech of

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong

opposition to H.R. 5140, the D.C. Juvenile Sentencing Reform Act.
This

bill is not a serious attempt to address crime; it is a regressive,

discriminatory, and counterproductive piece of legislation that will

only worsen the challenges facing our communities.
This bill would lower the age at which children can be prosecuted as

adults in Washington, D.C., from 16 to 14 years old for certain crimes.
This will also have the impact of reducing the minimum age for

transferring a juvenile to adult court to be tried as an adult.
House

Republicans from three states--South Dakota, Alaska, and California--

voted to reduce the age to 14 in D.C., even though the age is 16 in

their own states.
The supporters of this bill claim it will make D.C.

safer, but the facts and history prove otherwise.
First, let's talk about the discriminatory nature of this proposal.
The juvenile justice system in Washington.
D.C., already has stark

racial disparities: more than 93 percent of youth arrests in the first

half of 2025 were of Black youth.
Lowering the age for adult

prosecution will inevitably push more Black children into the adult

system, a system that is not equipped to rehabilitate them.
Furthermore, this proposal stands in direct opposition to what we

know about juvenile justice and public safety.
Research from the CDC

and the National Research Council has consistently found that

transferring juveniles to the adult system increases violence rather

than reducing it.
Youth charged as adults are more likely to reoffend

than those processed in juvenile courts.
This is not a deterrent; it is

a recipe for a cycle of violence and incarceration.
This bill would make Washington, D.C., an outlier in its approach to

juvenile justice.
While the current law already allows prosecutors to

charge 16 and 17 year-olds as adults at their discretion, without a

judge's approval, H.R. 5140 would lower that age even further.
Even in states with a history of tough-on-crime stances, many are

moving in a more rehabilitative direction.
This approach aligns with a broader national trend, including in

several Republican-led states, to reform juvenile justice with a focus

on rehabilitation rather than punishment.