The Defence Secretary said recently that, despite middle east tensions, we must not forget about Ukraine.
I welcome that statement, but the UK’s leadership on support for Ukraine is flagging, so will Wednesday’s autumn statement, as a minimum, confirm the commitment to match this year’s £2.3 billion in military aid funding for next year?
I do not know when the right hon.
Gentleman was last able to visit Kyiv himself, but when he does go, he will discover that the attitude there is that no country in the world has been more forward-leaning and progressive in its support, and that remains the same today as it was before this conflict began.
We have trained 52,000 Ukrainian troops since 2014.
Our support is not for today or tomorrow or the short term; it is forever.
What assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the strategic importance to UK national security, and indeed that of the United States, of retaining British sovereignty over Diego Garcia?
It is essential that we maintain our position, to be able to assist ourselves and the United States, in Diego Garcia.
I am proud that my constituency is home to hundreds of armed forces personnel and their families and former families, but as Members on both sides of the House have mentioned, last winter far too many of them found themselves living in accommodation that simply was not fit for purpose.
Can the Minister confirm how we will be getting tough with the contractors who are letting down our families this winter, and can we have  some clarity on when all armed forces families will finally be able to live in homes that are fit for their heroes?
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important matter for his constituency, and I am pleased to work with him on what we offer his service personnel.
I have said that last winter was not good enough, but this year we are ramping up massively.
We have at times withheld profit from contractors where they have not performed, but what I want to see from them above all is delivery.
We have put in place the £400 million and I now want to see that delivered as improvements to houses, including work being done on boilers and on damp and mould.
Thousands of homes will be supported this winter and hopefully we will be in a far better position.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we are more secure as a country when the world is a safer and more peaceful place, and that a successful two-state solution for the Israel and Palestine question is therefore a part of our own national security too?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that.
The way that we can start along that path is that Hamas could release the 242 innocent civilians that they are holding hostage, which includes some Brits.
That would open the door to starting to be able to get a resolution.
That is what they should do, but sadly, I doubt that they are about to.
Labour Party research on waste in the Ministry of Defence shows that over £15 billion has been squandered since 2010, so when are the Government going to get a grip on defence procurement and secure value for money for the British taxpayer?
On all the key metrics there has been a significant improvement since the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in office.
If you were to ask, Mr Speaker, what the key test was for a procurement system, I would say it is wartime.
Of course we are not ourselves directly at war, but in supporting Ukraine, we have seen excellence in procurement, particularly at Defence Equipment and Support, getting equipment— Order.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Robert Courts.
May I take this opportunity to formally welcome the Secretary of State to his position?
I am grateful for his comments on military accommodation being a priority for him.
The Select Committee is undertaking an inquiry into that as well.
One of the issues that has come up is the absence of a military uniformed accommodation officer who is responsible for continually inspecting accommodation and then liaising with the contractors to ensure that the repairs take place.
Is that something my hon.
Friend the Minister will consider?
I strongly congratulate my hon.
Friend on becoming Chair of the Defence Committee and I look forward to working with him.
I know that,  predating his appointment, he had a strong interest in accommodation, and I enjoyed visiting his constituency to look at the accommodation for Brize Norton.
I will consider his point and write to him.
In 2022, 11.2% of British Army recruits were women.
That is down from 12.6% in 2020.
In 2021, 9% of British Army recruits were from ethnic minority backgrounds, and that is down from 11.7% in 2020.
What is the Secretary of State doing to urgently remedy this reduction in the diversity of recruits?
I want to make it absolutely clear that I think everyone working within the civil service as part of the Ministry of Defence and, indeed, working in the UK armed forces should feel able to be represented and be a part of it.
I want to challenge the hon.
Lady’s figures: the numbers I have for female representation between last year and this year are 10.4%, rising to 11.5%—it has actually gone up, not down—and civilian representation at SCS level stands at 45%.
None the less, I accept the overall point that we need to see a far more balanced armed forces in the future.
Two years ago, the Defence Select Committee undertook an inquiry into the experiences of women in the armed forces.
While progress has been made, the culture within defence remains unacceptable.
We now understand that 60 female senior civil servants at the MOD have made allegations of sexual assault, harassment and abuse.
Would my right hon.
Friend like to comment?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I reiterate once again my thanks for all the hard work she has done on behalf of women in defence.
She is quite right: it is unacceptable.
Today, the permanent secretary has written to the Department with an action plan on how to deal with the specific issue my hon.
Friend has raised, in particular asking our non-executive directors to conduct a review, so that we can ensure that what we are doing stands up to muster against the norms in other large organisations.
The Ukraine conflict has reinforced the need for a thriving defence industry to underpin our security.
Will the Secretary of State now take the opportunity to revisit his predecessor’s policy of placing so many orders abroad, rather than in British industry with British workers, and in particular, the building of the fleet solid support ships in foreign yards?
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about the fleet solid support ships being built in foreign yards.
I can assure him that recently, I had the great pleasure of visiting Harland & Wolff at its Appledore yard in north Devon.
That is in the UK, and it is where a significant part of the FSS contract will be made.
Rock Barracks in my constituency is home to the excellent 23 Parachute Regiment.
I know the Government have invested a lot of money in new accommodation, but  people are being let down.
We know that Pinnacle is the problem, but it also worries me that people feel they cannot approach their MP directly because of retaliation if they make a complaint.
I encourage the Minister to come and visit so that we can fix this problem properly.
I am alarmed to hear that.
It is a pleasure to take a question from my right hon.
Friend, who is my constituency neighbour; it is not far for me to travel, and I would be delighted to do so.