After nearly three months, it is very good to finally welcome the Defence Secretary to the Dispatch Box for the first time.
He reflects the deep concern about the humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza and the risks of wider escalation.
Labour totally condemns Hamas terrorism.
We back Israel’s right to defend itself, but require it to meet its duties under international law and lift the siege conditions, and we want to see the breaks in fighting extended to get much more aid in and the hostages out.
We back the military deployments to the region to support wider security, but with attacks against US personnel rising, what action is the Defence Secretary taking to increase protection for UK personnel in the middle east?
First, Mr Speaker, it is good to be at the Dispatch Box opposite the right hon.
Gentleman.
I thank him, as well as yourself and others, for their condolences when I was not able to attend the first Defence questions.
In terms of protecting our own personnel, I have asked the Chief of the Defence Staff to review their position.
I made reference to the additional personnel who have moved to the region, but did not mention that several have been moved to Tel Aviv, Beirut and Jordan, all with the aim of protecting both British military personnel and British citizens in the region.
We keep that matter under constant review.
Would the Defence Secretary agree that over the past decade, there has been an international failure to pursue a Palestinian peace settlement and tackle the Hamas threat?
Middle east escalation risks were not mentioned in the Government’s defence Command Paper update, nor were Hamas or Palestine.
With threats increasing, is the Defence Secretary pursuing that defence plan in full, including further deep cuts to the British Army?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that nobody, including the Israelis, saw what Hamas were about to do coming.
That points to the need for much greater surveillance, but also—much wider than that—the need to pursue the two-state solution, which is official British policy and is something that the world must do as this conflict, we hope, comes to an end.
The answer to the right hon.
Gentleman’s question about being able to deploy British troops and, indeed, assets is that when I asked the question, the answer came back immediately: “Yes, we can do it, and there is more that we could do should we need to.”
I am satisfied that we cut our cloth in order to react to events around the world, which of course came on top of what  we are doing in Kosovo and elsewhere.
We will certainly make sure that we maintain the resources to carry out those important missions.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
What steps he is taking to improve service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
Currently, 96.5% of the service family accommodation meets or exceeds the Government’s decent homes standard; only those properties should be allocated to service families.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation received an investment of £400 million over this financial year and the next as part of the defence Command Paper refresh, meaning that the forecast £380.2 million for this year is more than double last year’s investment in maintenance and improvements.