The Minister has said a lot about inputs, but what is important, in the end, is outputs and the changes that are made.
Will the Minister say which indicators have shown a reduction in inequality between the south-east and the north since this funding began, and in particular whether the productivity gap has reduced at all?
Finally, I am surprised there is no mention of the trailblazer projects in Manchester and Birmingham and their roll-out to the other mayoral combined authorities.
I understand that they will be rolled out but with reduced powers for the rest of the combined authorities.
Will the Minister tell us exactly what the situation is?
Please do not ask us to wait for Wednesday’s statement.
I read about it in the Financial Times on Saturday, and if the Financial Times can be told on Saturday, I am sure this House can be told today.
I am very grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee.
As I said in my statement, across all three rounds of the fund, the north-east and the north-west have received more per capita than any other region in England.
He asked about the specifics on productivity improvements and so on, and I will write to him and his Committee about that.
Regarding the trailblazer deals, I have not read the piece in the Financial Times, but I will do so as soon as the statement is finished.
I would encourage him to wait until Wednesday.
The Mid Cornwall Metro is a levelling-up infrastructure project to upgrade railway connectivity across Cornwall.
It will bring huge benefits both economically and socially.
I was pleased to hear the Minister say that the Government are keen to get on with delivering the project.
I ask him to use his offices to work with the Department for Transport, the Treasury and Cornwall Council to get the final business case over the line and the funding released, so that we can get on with the project.
Absolutely.
There are few greater champions for Cornwall in this House than my hon.
Friend, and I shall work with him to ensure that the business case is signed off as soon as possible and that we are able to see levelling up in Cornwall.
I am delighted that I will be visiting Cornwall in the very near future to sign a devolution deal.
I am not sure whether the Minister lives in some parallel universe, but he came to the Dispatch Box today to talk about the simplification of the process—a process that both he and the Secretary of State have been implementing—as though it is nothing to do with them.
County Durham had one successful bid in the first round, which happened to be in Bishop Auckland—surprise, surprise—the constituency of the former levelling-up Minister.
In round 2, Durham County Council was asked to put in bids and spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of taxpayers’ money doing so.
Once the bids were in, it was told that they would not be considered because it had had a successful one in round 1.
Will the  Minister compensate Durham County Council for the money it has wasted, not through its own inefficiency but because he seems to chip, chop and change the rules when he likes?
The right hon.
Member talks about the processes that are owned by my Department.
As I said, we are embarking on this ambitious funding simplification agenda purely on the basis of some of the points that he has raised.
Local authorities, Members of this House and the Select Committee were concerned about the number of competitions that were involved in various Government funds.
We are addressing that through our funding simplification doctrine.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about Durham.
I simply say to him that the international territorial level region for the Tees Valley in Durham has received eight projects across the rounds of the levelling-up fund.
That equates to £128 per capita in the region, which is one of the highest amounts.
I would ask him to welcome that.
Bolton is opening its new £40 million Institute of Medical Sciences, which followed an earlier £50 million levelling-up fund investment.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the latest £20 million of funding for Bolton town centre, for which I am very grateful, is not the end of his commitment to the people of Bolton?
It could not be the end of the levelling-up commitment in Bolton, because of the efforts of my hon.
Friend, who works so hard for his constituents.
I am delighted that Bolton is receiving money in this round, and I will work with him to ensure that levelling up continues in his part of the world.
In his statement, the Minister referred to Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, the north-east, the north-west, the east midlands, and Yorkshire and the Humber.
There was no mention of the south-west.
How can this Conservative Government claim that they want to level up communities when Conservative-run Devon County Council cannot even level up the potholes?
I am delighted to confirm for the hon.
Member that the south-west region has received 20 projects across the rounds of the levelling-up fund to a total value of £409 million.
That works out at about £71 per capita.
I thank the hon.
Member.
May I warmly welcome the announcement of over £18 million to regenerate Gosport’s historic waterfront?
It will drive jobs, attract visitors and drum up a huge amount of economic prosperity for the area, which has such a rich cultural heritage but has been overlooked for so long.
This excellent bid was, of course, submitted under the previous Conservative-led administration.
The council has since changed hands and it will be for the Liberal Democrat leadership to deliver on it.
This is a Lib Dem leadership that has already paid back £1.3 million of brownfield land release funding to the Government because it was unable to spend it.
What message does  the Minister have for the council to ensure that the money is spent in a timely way to level up Gosport and drive prosperity for the region?
I am delighted that Gosport was able to receive funding in this round.
The funding in Gosport must be spent on the project priorities.
The council is unable to reallocate that funding to some other random Lib Dem project that it has in mind; it has to deliver on the priorities that my hon.
Friend mentioned.
There is an adjustment process that local authorities can work on with my Department to ensure that challenges around inflation, for example, can be met.
However, the project aims must still be met, and I shall work with my hon.
Friend and her local authority to ensure that they are.
Can the Minister confirm that Rochdale received no funding in this round, in either path?
Can he also explain to my constituents why, even if we had a successful bid, which we would have welcomed, it would have been dwarfed by the cuts made to health, education and, of course, our local authority?
Those are the things, ultimately, that are destroying the quality of life in my constituency.
I would not accept the hon.
Member’s synopsis.
As I said earlier, we gave councils an uplift of £5 billion last year to meet priorities in their area.
I cannot answer the hon.
Member’s question today on Rochdale, but I shall write to him as soon as this statement is over.
I particularly welcome the £4.1 million for the Chambers Institute in Peebles, the £6.8 million for walks and cycleways in Clydesdale and the £13.8 million for transport in Dumfries and Galloway, but I pay particular tribute to the trustees of the Annan Harbour Action Group for its compelling bid, which secured £11.9 million to regenerate Annan Harbour.
These are all essentially rural projects.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that rural areas across the United Kingdom must be at the core of levelling up?
There is no greater champion for levelling up in rural areas than my right hon.
Friend.
I am delighted that we have been able to give Dumfries and Galloway a chunk of money in this round, and I am sure that he will work to ensure that his local authorities put it to good use.
I am delighted to be working with him on doing just that.
I confess that I am very disappointed by today’s announcement, because we have been trying to get some money for the Rhondda tunnel, which would be an enormous enhancement to the top end of the Rhondda Fawr.
Successive Government Ministers have told me personally that we should apply under round 2, and then told the local authority that it could not apply under round two.
I was then told personally that we should apply under round 3, and now it turns out that there is no such thing as a round 3, so we never had an opportunity to make a bid at all—of any kind whatsoever.
I am hopeful that the Minister will now say that the Government are not closing the door on the Rhondda tunnel, and that there will be another  chance for us to make an application to the Government for the £20 million that we need for one of the poorest areas in the country.
I understand the hon.
Member’s concerns.
To be absolutely clear, I have not made any such commitments to him.
Levelling up is an agenda that the Government are focused on; this is not the end of the road for levelling up, and I would be delighted to come to Rhondda, not least because Rhondda received money through round 1 of the levelling-up fund—a total of £3.6 million.