My right hon.
Friend is right that the UK has led, and we must continue to do so.
I have visited Ukraine twice this year, I hosted a Ukrainian family for a year in my own home, and the Government have set up the British-led international fund for Ukraine, which is on its way to delivering, I think, nearly £800 million of support.
We have also been first with tanks, with ammunition, with long-range missiles and with permissions, and we intend to be first with this war going forward.
It is vital that we continue to give military aid to Ukraine and to show our steadfast support and leadership in Europe.
Has the Secretary of State had a chance, since he came into office, to meet with representatives of the defence industry to talk  about how we maintain that level of military aid to Ukraine and, if he has had such a meeting, what was the outcome?
Yes, on several occasions, including in Kyiv and, more recently, last Thursday at the MOD, where I met with large, medium and small defence companies to discuss exactly that issue.
There are a whole range of measures in place to increase the amount of arms, particularly arms replenishment, that can come through via UK companies.
Having supported Ukraine from the beginning, we must support them all the way through to the end, and we intend to do so.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the armed forces have the skills required for the future.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the armed forces have the skills required for the future.
In June 2023, the Ministry of Defence published the Haythornthwaite review of armed forces incentivisation.
Multiple teams are being stood up across Defence to implement all 67 recommendations, working to establish a reward and incentivisation architecture that will attract and retain skills.
Meanwhile, I am delighted to say that the Army has just been named the UK’s No. 1 employer of apprentices for the third consecutive year.
I am aware that the MOD is the biggest single employer of apprentices, with more than 15,000 soldiers currently on the programme, and I have seen the excellent training and development that takes place at the Army Foundation College, which, as my right hon.
Friend knows, is located in Harrogate.
Does he agree that the apprenticeship scheme is not only bringing in future talent, but ensuring that those individuals have the skills for the remainder of their lives?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and I enjoyed my relatively recent visit to Harrogate.
More than 95% of all non-commissioned recruits across the armed forces are offered apprenticeships mapped to their training.
As he rightly says, that benefits not only Defence but the individual and the wider economy.
Given that the defence of our United Kingdom is reserved and education and skills are devolved, what discussions is my right hon.
Friend having with the devolved Administrations to ensure that the skills needed by our British armed forces are being developed across our whole United Kingdom?
The Ministry of Defence actively engages with the devolved Administrations to align education, skills and development, and will continue to do so, using the UK-wide pan-Defence skills framework, which ensures that the armed forces skills requirements are met across the country and contribute to the wider economy that we share.