I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
The new way of working was passed through the trade union consultation process, of course, and in terms of pay, pension, leave and sickness benefits and working hours, the MOD Guard Service performs well, as I have said, against private security companies.
That is why we appear to be recruiting and retaining well.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure stability in the Indo-Pacific region.
The tempo of our engagements and operations in the Indo-Pacific grows all the time on land, sea and air.
We are also strengthening regional resilience among our partners to uphold freedom of navigation, deter security threats and build support for international law throughout the Indo-Pacific.
I agree that relationships with several south-east Asian states have reached new highs as a result of partnerships in areas such as space and cyber as well as air and maritime capabilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we should do more to ensure that the United Nations convention on the law of the sea is maintained in the South China sea, working closely with our partners in the region?
My hon.
Friend hides his light under a bushel, because as a trade envoy in the region he will have had much to do with the improved relationships we enjoy there.
Furthermore, HMS Spey transited the Straits of Malacca only this weekend, demonstrating the UK’s and the Royal Navy’s commitment to upholding freedom of navigation in the South China sea and around.
Does the Minister believe the appointment of Lord Cameron as Foreign Secretary strengthens or weakens the Prime Minister’s stance that China poses an “epoch-defining challenge” to global security?
It greatly strengthens the Prime Minister’s position.
What steps his Department is taking to help support the medium-sized helicopter industry in the south-west.
Helicopters form an important part of our integrated operating concept.
Through past and current investment in rotary capability, the UK industrial base remains well placed to support existing and future helicopter platforms.
Positive progress is being made towards the next stage of the competition with the three downselected suppliers: Airbus Helicopters UK, Leonardo Helicopters UK and Lockheed Martin UK.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that the invitation to negotiate for the medium-sized helicopter will indeed be issued by the end of December?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
We are keen to get on with this, and that is certainly our intention.
At the moment, we are in the process of securing final cross-Government approval.
As I said, that is our aim, but I cannot absolutely guarantee it.
What steps his Department is taking to support defence jobs across the UK.
The most recent estimate shows that MOD investment supports more than 200,000 jobs in industries across the UK, and continued investment in defence along with the changes we continue to make as part of our defence and security industrial strategy are contributing to further economic growth and prosperity across the Union.