I am delighted to be able to give my hon.
Friend’s constituency the funding this time around.
She is an extremely efficient champion for the people of Derbyshire, and I am delighted that we have been able to fund the project.
I can be one of this Government’s sharpest critics, often justifiably, but today I thank the Minister and his predecessor,  the hon.
Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , whom I harassed relentlessly since the round two bid for Denton was rejected.
I am so pleased that today “Destination Denton”, the project that we put forward, will receive nearly £17 million.
Given that I am the constituency Member of Parliament, and was involved in putting the bid together, what assurances can the Minister give me that I will be involved in ensuring that the project comes to fruition?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words.
We expect local authorities to work with their Members of Parliament, who are key community stakeholders, in delivering the bids.
A project adjustment request process is available to local authorities if projects need to be adjusted because of changes in inflation and so on; a key thing that I asked for is that Members of Parliament be consulted in that process, and I will ensure that the hon.
Gentleman is consulted at all turns.
I congratulate the new Minister on the energy and purpose that he has brought to the vital task of levelling up the country, and particularly small cities and large towns, which were largely overlooked by the Labour Government during 13 years of focus on metropolitan cities.
The £11 million award to the Greyfriars and Eastgate project in Gloucester will deliver a new shopping centre, indoor market and much more besides, as well as put a roof for the first time in 60 years on the beautiful 13th-century Greyfriars friary.
That will make a huge difference, alongside the King’s Quarter projects that have already been funded by the local council and the Government.
Does the Minister agree that if the shadow levelling-up Minister,  the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders) , wants to see an example of giving up in this country, he is welcome to visit the car park bought by a previous Labour administration for £11 million and later sold for £1?
That is why Gloucester, like the rest of the country, needs to keep regeneration in the right hands.
Gloucester could not have a better champion than my hon.
Friend; he is a fantastic champion for it.
When I took on this job, one of my first conversations was with him about the urgent need for levelling-up funding in Gloucester.
I am delighted that we have been able to fund his project this time around.
As he said, it is important that we keep Gloucester in Conservative hands.
My goodness, what a con this is.
Earlier this year, we heard from the National Audit Office that of the £9.5 billion allocated in the first round, only £1 billion had been spent.
Perhaps the Minister can say how much has been spent now.
Is this not much like any other Tory slogan—meaningless in reality?
Once again, there is nothing for Ross, Skye and Lochaber.
We heard from  the right hon.
Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale (David Mundell)  about the importance of rural areas, but there is nothing for the Portree harbour bid, which would have made such a difference.
I invite the Secretary of State and his ministerial team to my constituency.
We will drive around and look at all the sites of the projects that were funded by the European Union—roads, bridges, harbours, sports facilities.
That money would have come if we had stayed in the European Union, as Scotland voted to do.
We are missing out on €750 billion that the EU was investing in regeneration, and once again we are getting nothing—zip—from this Tory Government.
The right hon.
Gentleman is wrong.
I shall write to him following the statement on exactly how much UK shared prosperity funding his area has received, and I hope that when I do, he will come back to the Chamber to update the House on the facts of the matter.
He asked how much money has been spent since the National Audit Office released the figures in March: £1.5 billion has been spent since then, but I would be delighted to come up and visit the humble crofter’s constituency.
Pardon me for having an unfashionable Thatcherite point of view, but much better than Government, taxpayer-funded levelling up is private sector levelling up.
Although I thank the Secretary of State for having released some money for Gainsborough, £300 million of private sector levelling up, namely for RAF Scampton, is at risk in my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me after the court case to ensure that, whatever its result, we get on with levelling up?
For instance, the roof of the officers’ mess alone will cost half a million pounds.
The roofs of the hangars are decaying.
The site will not be viable unless private sector investment is unleashed and the Home Office gets on with it.
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend, but one of the key ways to unlock private investment in the Greater Lincolnshire area is to progress with the devolution deal.
I shall be delighted to meet him to discuss that further.
What consideration has the Minister given to the formation of development corporations to deliver specific projects?
As he may be aware, I represent a Durham constituency that includes one of the poorest communities in the country.
There has been a failure to leverage investment into the county, most notably in round 2 but also in round 3, and to resolve some very serious structural problems.
I can identify lots of problems in the ABC streets in Easington, and the numbered streets in Horden and Peterlee town centre.
We had two very successful development corporations.
May I remind the Minister that Durham is run by a coalition of Conservatives, Lib Dems and independents that is failing to deliver?
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s plea for more development corporations.
We are obviously on an ambitious journey with the north-east to devolve  further through the new mayoral North East Combined Authority.
That will be a key way to help ensure levelling up in his part of the world.