This one will break the convention.
Let me also welcome the Secretary of State to their position.
The nuclear enterprise has an uncapped budget, and, after the demise of HS2, is the largest single public procurement project on these islands.
For those of us on the SNP Benches at least, that is money spent on a weapons system that is designed never to be used, which not only bleeds money from the conventional MOD budget but sucks it from hospitals, schools and social care.
On a day when the preview of the autumn statement in the Financial Times reads, “Stagnation nation: governing the UK when ‘there is no money’”, can the Minister advise the House what steps his Department is taking to ensure that there are no further cuts to conventional forces or elsewhere because of the uncapped, runaway Trident budget?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about budget and cost.
I can be open about the figure that matters: 80 million.
That is the combined death toll in the first and second world wars.
We have not had a third world war and we are profoundly lucky, and I put it to the House that it is not a coincidence.
We know from the official history of the submarine service by Peter Hennessy and James Jinks that, during the transition to Vanguard, contingencies were made in Whitehall for the possible alteration of the continuous at-sea deterrent to take account of the complete breakdown of one or more hulls.
This involved diving a Polaris submarine into Loch Long to remain there on a quick reaction alert.
Can the Minister advise the House on what discussions his Department is having on the contingencies that we now see arising from an almost 40-year-old Vanguard fleet?
The hon.
Gentleman, too, will not be surprised to hear that we will not comment on that, other than to say that we have had a continuous at-sea deterrent since 1969.
We should all be proud of that, and I am delighted to see that Members on both sides of the House who support our Union also support the nuclear deterrent.
What steps he is taking to increase the number of RAF aid flights to the middle east.
What steps he is taking to increase the number of RAF aid flights to the middle east.
Defence assets continue to be ready to supply humanitarian support to the region.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the delivery of aid is impeded by the many challenges around Gaza, but so far we have airlifted 51 tonnes of aid to the country.
As I have said previously, I want to see an end to the violence in the middle east, although I acknowledge that neither Israel nor Hamas agreed to an immediate ceasefire.
While negotiations to deliver an enduring peace are ongoing, we must urgently accelerate the delivery of aid via the RAF to alleviate human suffering on the ground.
Can the Secretary of State explain why, within two weeks of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria, nearly 100 tonnes of aid was delivered there, yet since the Israel-Hamas war broke out more than a month ago, only 50 tonnes has been delivered by the RAF?
I can.
The difference is a war zone.
When I said that we had delivered “to the country”, I meant, of course, to Egypt.
From there we have to get the aid across the Rafah crossing, which, for all the reasons of complexity, is not always open or available.
There are many restrictions to getting that aid in, but I am working very hard on that.
The problem is not a lack of resource; we have put in £30 million, more than doubling the existing £27 million, and I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that there are further flights leaving later this month.
For more than a month we have witnessed a distressing humanitarian disaster unfolding in Gaza.
It is welcome that the RAF is flying UK humanitarian aid to the region, but so far we have seen only three RAF flights.
When will the Government increase the number of flights and the amount of aid given to Palestinians, who have suffered so much and who deserve, at the very least, the basic essentials to try to survive?
The issue is not getting the aid to the region; we could fly more aircraft.
The issue is getting the aid into Gaza itself, and in that regard we have the problem of Hamas, a terrorist organisation not in the least bit interested in looking after the citizens of Gaza, and, of course, the problem of the Rafah crossing, which is opened and closed on a fairly arbitrary basis.
However, I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are working very hard with all the different bodies and Governments in the region to get more of that aid in as quickly as possible.
The capacity constraint is not flying it to the region.
What steps he is taking to support Afghan citizens who are eligible for the Afghan relocations and assistance policy.
Some 13,000 eligible persons and their families are now in the UK under the ARAP scheme.
We are determined  to deliver on our commitments, with many hundreds more arrivals in the UK planned before the end of the year.
In the light of Pakistan’s brutal crackdown on undocumented and temporary visa-bearing Afghan refugees and its forcible deportation of those people back to Afghanistan, can the Minister confirm the security of those eligible for the Afghan citizens resettlement and ARAP schemes in Pakistan, including many whose claims have been unprocessed for two years?
Can he expedite those claims to stop people being thrown back into the clutches of the Taliban?
May I gently encourage Members on both sides of the House to change their tone when describing the Government of Pakistan in relation to these matters?
We would not have brought out thousands of people had it not been for the support of the Government of Pakistan, and we continue to enjoy their support and co-operation in our efforts to bring out many thousands more.
As the hon.
Lady well knows, because it has been well covered in the media, the Government of Pakistan have sought to accelerate the deportation of those whom they consider to be there illegally, but our excellent team in the high commission in Islamabad are working day and night with the Government of Pakistan to ensure that that does not happen to those who are in Pakistan under ARAP and ACRS.
We are moving at our best pace to bring people back, with the full co-operation of the Government of Pakistan.
What steps his Department is taking to provide military support to the Ukrainian armed forces.
We continue to support Ukraine—we provided £2.3 billion of military support in the last year—and will go on doing so, because Putin must not win in Ukraine.