The Minister knows full well how much Bingley has been neglected and let down by Labour-run Bradford Council, largely because I keep telling him about it.
Bingley needs regeneration, and it particularly needs a new swimming pool, so can he tell me what the Government will do to help Bingley receive the swimming pool and the regeneration that it desperately needs?
I am afraid that the people of Bingley cannot trust Bradford Council to deliver those for them.
I understand the plight of the people of Bingley because, as my hon.
Friend says, he raises it with me at every possible opportunity.
I will work with him to see what funding streams are available to tackle the mess left behind by Labour-run Bradford Council, and to fund Bingley swimming pool.
People in Northern Ireland will be angry tonight that not one penny of a fund that the Minister describes as creating opportunities across all regions and nations of the UK, and aimed at tackling regional inequality, is allocated to Northern Ireland.
He gives the flimsy excuse that it is because the Northern Ireland Executive are not up and running.
The Northern Ireland Executive did not have any input into the previous rounds, and would not have had any into this round.
Of course, they would not even have needed to seek new allocations, because no new applications were needed.
Is this not a case of blatant, pathetic, transparent economic blackmail to try to get the Assembly up and running again, without addressing the reasons why it fell, and of pouring the money into key Conservative marginal constituencies to bolster party support?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s frustration that we have been unable to fund projects in Northern Ireland this time around.
As I indicated to him, that is because of a lack of an Executive in Northern Ireland.
I assure him that we have set aside what Northern Ireland’s allocation would have been in this round, and I commit to working with him and his colleagues to ensure that Northern Ireland receives the full benefit of levelling up.