Some Members may have an advantage on me in that they have seen the details of the allocation, which I have been handed just this second, so I will give a completely constituency-neutral response to the Minister’s statement.
However hard the Tories try to hide the truth, the fact is that these days, the word most people will apply before Britain is “broken”.
Most people support genuine levelling up—who could argue with it?—but when the Prime Minister’s constituency got more than the whole of Glasgow last time around, and when most people think their high streets are getting worse rather than better, we have to ask what the real agenda is.
Will the Minister confirm how much of the money he boasts has been committed since 2019 has actually been spent?
How does it compare to the overspend on HS2, for example?
The Scottish Government have decades of experience—Scottish Governments of various political persuasions, by the way—in successfully allocating EU funding, for example, in true partnership with local authorities.
What discussions did the UK Government have with the Scottish Government, given their statutory role in culture and transport, and their role in pride in place, before he made today’s announcement?
What discussions did they have with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities to get a consensus view on what Scottish local authorities need?
Or is this decision just being made by somebody in a ministerial office in Whitehall who is as out of touch with Scotland today as they will be out of office next year?
The hon.
Gentleman describes being out of touch with Scotland; he also mentions Glasgow.
I should tell him that Glasgow has received £15 million in this round, so I suggest that it is he who is out of touch with Scotland.
The Government have a responsibility to all people, businesses and communities across the whole United Kingdom across all three rounds of the funds.
As I mentioned in my statement, we have invested £1 billion of levelling-up funding in local authorities in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The hon.
Gentleman should consider his argument: it seems somewhat bizarre that he is frustrated at the funding that we are spending in Scotland.
He should focus on what the cash is delivering, rather than on who is delivering it.
I am thrilled that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has funded the green innovation corridor in my constituency.
The Government have invested tens on tens of millions of pounds in Wolverhampton, which was desperately needed.
However, speed of delivery is an issue.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the council can be encouraged to deliver the projects quickly?
I commit to meeting my hon.
Friend to discuss that matter.
She is a fantastic champion for her constituents in Wolverhampton, which is a key place where we are seeing levelling up in action, including the relocation of DLUHC’s offices to Wolverhampton.
I am  pleased that we have been able to fund my hon.
Friend’s project in this round, and I am delighted to be working with her on it.