The hon.
Lady is right to describe as terrorism the horrendous and heinous attacks by Hamas, without which this would not have started.
We call on all parties—the Israelis included—to ensure that they act within international humanitarian law.
It will interest her to know that our defence exports to Israel are relatively small—just £42 million last year—and, as I mentioned in my initial answer, they go through a very strict criteria before anything is exported.
What steps he is taking to encourage de-escalation of the conflict in Israel and Gaza.
We are working with partners across the wider region, urging all sides to de-escalate tension, facilitate the supply of humanitarian aid, and tackle all forms of extremism.
We are all absolutely heartbroken—[Interruption.]
Order.
Members must sit down again once another Member is speaking.
We cannot have two Members on their feet at the same time.
We are all heartbroken by what is happening in the middle east.
As Israel works to root out Hamas terrorists, will my right hon.
Friend work to ensure that aid gets to civilians and that Israel works in a way that is compatible with international law?
As the  Government work to get hostages freed, will they also work for increasingly long humanitarian pauses that can build towards a just and lasting peace?
My hon.
Friend is right about trying to do everything we can in the region.
That is why I sent a Royal Navy task group to try to de-escalate tensions, including RFA Lyme Bay and RFA Argus.
Those facilities, along with others, are doing everything they can to help lower the tensions and certainly act as deterrents, and to ensure that we can get aid into the region.
He will be interested to hear that we have had 51 tonnes of aid delivered so far, and there will be another flight later this month.
There are thousands of orphans and displaced families amid an ongoing humanitarian catastrophe.
What are the Government doing to ensure that unrestricted aid is reaching all the people who desperately need it, and, importantly, to ensure that Israel lifts the siege conditions?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we are in favour of seeing pauses in the action.
Some people, I know, call for a ceasefire, but I would point out that there was a ceasefire on  6 October ; the problem is that it was broken by Hamas, who wrought this carnage on the middle east.
We are doing everything possible to help get that aid in.
With the Royal Navy taskforce, infantry, and other personnel in the region, we now have an uplift of about 600 personnel in the wider region, who are all helping to ensure that we get the aid in and across the border once we have got it to the region itself.