At least the Government appear to have finally accepted that local authorities were forced to spend disproportionate sums in previous rounds to get bids prepared, although we appear to have lurched from one extreme to the other: this time, councils have not been involved in any dialogue on the bids and were possibly not even aware that their bids were being considered.
Will the Minister tell us what discussions have taken place with local authorities before decisions were made?
Given that the proposals are approaching being a couple of years old, what assurances will he give us that they still reflect local priorities?
The Government’s methodology notes say the Department capped bids for regeneration projects outside priority areas by local authority and region.
Did any projects that met the Department’s threshold not get funded for that reason, and which ones were they?
Please do tell us what on earth is meant by a “funding simplification
doctrine”—is it an elaborate way of saying sorry?
Does it apply to all Government spending decisions, or just to this Department because it has so patently failed to get a grip on spending that it has to have its own doctrine?
Is it being done to address the concerns of the National Audit Office and the Public Accounts Committee that billions of pounds are being wasted because the Department has engaged in a programme without any understanding of its impact?
As the IPPR North said, levelling up has been a “litany of missed deadlines, moving goalposts and dysfunction” although, to be fair, it could have been talking about any Government project when it said that.
Does the Minister accept that the new approach announced today means that the concerns levelled against the Department are, in fact, valid?
With this latest iteration, how does the Minister expect anyone to keep up with what this Government want when they flit around so much?
The Prime Minister announced five new priorities this morning.
Were the projects selected in line with those priorities, or will they all be changed again to reflect this week’s prime ministerial thinkin Of course, where does this leave the hundreds of projects that still have not been successful?
There was no mention of any future rounds in the statement; in fact, I think the Minister said that this was the final round of bidding, so where does that leave all the places that have been unsuccessful so far?
What is the plan to address those communities that are crumbling and those high streets that are emptying?
Is this the end of any hope of levelling up for them?
Even in those areas that have attracted funding, we know that these crumbs from the table are not enough to reverse 13 years of neglect.
Streets that were once  bursting with pride are shutting down, rents are rising, mortgages are soaring, and insecurity is still baked into the workplace.
Tackling those things would be genuine levelling up, and Labour believes in giving those communities the power, resources and flexibility to tackle such issues in the way they think best.
That is a true way of allowing people to take back control.
The statement offers no path ahead to deal with those issues; it just rearranges the deckchairs of what has gone before.
We have been left with a failed experiment—an illusion that lasted as long as the press release.
It has not gone unnoticed that the number of Conservative MPs standing down at the next election has gone past 50.
They know that after 14 years of stagnation, they do not have a record to defend.
They are not levelling up; they are giving up.
The hon.
Gentleman misjudged the mood of the House.
He talks about local government finances.
Last year, we gave local authorities an uplift of more than £5 billion.
He asks whether any projects were axed by the methodology that we used—no, they were not.
As I say, we set out the methodology online, and I will ensure that there is a copy in the House of Commons Library.
The hon.
Gentleman asked what conversations there were with local authorities ahead of any announcement.
We have area teams on the ground in all local authority areas, which confirmed with councils that projects were still a priority.
They also confirmed with councils whether projects could still be delivered by the deadline.
No projects were identified through those conversations that did not qualify this time around.
Further to that, the hon.
Gentleman asked about funding simplification and why we are embarking on that.
He mentioned the NAO’s concerns.
Some of its concerns are legitimate, but we looked at its report and many of the figures dated from March.
We have spent £1.5 billion on local places since March.
We announced the funding simplification plan in July, in response to the commitment we made in the levelling-up White Paper to simplify the funding landscape.
Finally, the hon.
Gentleman described £13 billion of levelling-up funding as “crumbs”.
That says it all about the Labour party.
It does not recognise the value of anything.
We are investing £13 billion in local priorities, and Labour describes that as crumbs.
I leave it to the House to determine what it thinks of that.
I am well accustomed in this place to rejection, and after rounds 1 and 2 of the levelling-up fund, it was disappointing not to see Brixham and Paignton recognised.
However, I am delighted today to see that Brixham harbour and the EPIC centre in Torbay business park have been recognised with £20 million of support, which will make a huge difference.
Can the Minister reassure me that that money will come in good time and good order, so that we have the ability to deliver as quickly as possible in our coastal communities?
Absolutely.
We are delighted to be funding high-tech fish and chips in Brixham.
This announcement comes on top of additional funding pots that we have been able to give Torbay, including the levelling-up partnership, on which I am working well with my hon.
Friends the Members for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)
and for Torbay (Kevin Foster).
The funding will come in due course and we will work with local authorities to ensure that they can still deliver the projects on time and to plan.