It is always a joy to visit Strangford—one of the most beautiful places in these islands, if I may say so.
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s invitation; I have it at the front of my mind and when I am in Northern Ireland I will ensure that I visit.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
We remain committed to maintaining the overall size of the armed forces and recognise the importance of recruitment to achieve that.
We are responding to immediate challenges with a programme aimed at increasing the breath of potential candidates and driving efficiencies in recruitment.
Meanwhile, the services continue to meet all their operational commitments, keeping the country and its interests safe.
Since my election, I have met many new recruits during visits with the armed forces parliamentary scheme, and I have always been incredibly impressed by their sense of duty, their commitment to serve their country and their recognition of the great careers that lie before them, but we know that there are still shortages in recruitment.
How can my right hon.
Friend ensure that all parts of the armed forces recruit the right number of people, with the right mix of skills and experience to keep our nation safe in these increasingly dangerous times?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that recruitment to the armed forces is mixed—some of it is good, some of it less good—across the western world.
We are struggling to recruit people into our armed forces, and we must redouble our efforts.
That is why we have had the Haythornthwaite review and the tri-service recruitment model, which I am convinced will plug the gaps that we have in skills and overall numbers.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the operational MGS employment contract on applications for promotion in the Ministry of Defence Guard Service.
There is no evidence—[Interruption.]
Order.
Look, I do not need Members making signals to me on taking questions—it is quite obvious that I go from the Government side to the Opposition side.
There is no evidence that the operational MOD Guard Service employment contract has had a material bearing on workflow, recruitment and retention.
However, it is not possible to conduct an accurate assessment of the impact that OMEC has had on applications from staff seeking promotion, because of the way applications are filed.
That said, the MOD Guard Service is encouraged by the volume of applications received for vacancies through fair and open competition, no doubt encouraged by the fact that OMEC terms and conditions of service remain highly favourable when compared with private sector security companies.