Over the past year, the number of veterans claiming universal credit has increased by 31.6%, which is nearly a third.
Does the Minister recognise that the King’s Speech failed to help veterans in receipt of universal credit to cope with the increased cost of living caused by his Government’s economic failure?
And does he further recognise that some of the long-term sick who his party has been attacking in the media over the last few days are veterans with physical and mental health challenges?
What advice has he given his colleagues about the Conservative party rhetoric, and about lending their full support to our veterans and all those who have served?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that universal credit is an in-work benefit.
Within the system, there are allowances that we offer to our veterans that can be improved.
As he knows, that is why we have instituted the quinquennial review and the independent review of veterans’ welfare services, which we will be responding to shortly.
If he will make an estimate of the annual maintenance and running costs of the Trident nuclear programme.
The Ministry of Defence co-ordinates a range of interdependent programmes to support, maintain and renew the nuclear deterrent.
The expected cost of the combined defence nuclear enterprise will be set out at supplementary estimates in February.
The estimated costs of Trident’s renewal stand at the moment at £31 billion, with a further £10 billion earmarked for contingency.
We know that containment of nuclear material is a problem for the Ministry of Defence, and we also know from recent reports that a Vanguard-class submarine nearly had a collision over the weekend.
Our party put in a freedom of information request asking about transportation of nuclear material through Scotland, and that was rebuffed.
The UK Government may be content to play second fiddle to the US on weapons of mass destruction, but can the Secretary of State explain the lack of transparency on WMD movement in Scotland, and justify Scotland’s being kept in the dark?
Is it not time to abandon this costly and dangerous bomb and get it out of Scotland for good?
Order.
Let us help each other to get through the list, please.
I profoundly disagree about this being the time to abandon the deterrent.
I could not think of a worse time.
The policy of the hon.
Gentleman’s party is not just to abandon the deterrent but to withdraw from NATO.
I could not think of a more reckless policy to undertake in the face of Russian aggression.
We support the deterrent and we will continue to invest in it.
Does the Minister share my relief that both main parties in the House of Commons support the retention and renewal of the nuclear deterrent?
Did he also share my relief that, in July 2016 when the vote was held on whether to renew the nuclear deterrent, there was a massive majority of 355 in favour of doing that?
That sends a message to the Scottish nationalists about how unrepresentative their views are.
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that remark.
I was delighted that those on the Labour Front Bench showed their agreement by nodding when I gave my previous answer.
I am delighted that there is consensus.
I think we all agree that, particularly at this time, the country needs the security of a deterrent to deter what would be the most aggressive threats to our nation’s freedom.