The hon.
Lady asks a very good question.
To be clear, the figure of 4,000 homes with damp and mould is for this winter: we have put in place £400 million of additional spending.
Of course, as we move into next year, we will look at what further work can be undertaken so that we can deal with all the other properties.
Will the Minister confirm that the Ministry would never put serving personnel at risk by putting an open camp for illegal migrants in a serving base, and therefore any undertaking about that is worthless—that the most we will get at RAF Catterick is a closed detention centre?
I am well aware of my right hon.
Friend’s concerns.
I am happy to meet him and discuss them further.
Has the MOD made any further payments in addition to the £480 million it paid to General Dynamics in March of this year?
I understand that subcontractors on the programme are not being paid, or are not being paid the amounts they expected.
Is there any reason why General Dynamics should not be paying its subcontractors on this programme?
The right hon.
Gentleman is very knowledgeable on these matters, and I am more than happy for him to write to me about them.
The Ajax contract is a firm price contract, and I am very pleased to say that we are getting very positive feedback from the Household Cavalry about that platform’s capability, its sensors and its cannon.
I do not know the answer to the right hon.
Gentleman’s specific question about payments to subcontractors, so he is more than welcome to write to me.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss a British company, Christy Aerospace and Technology, which has the capability to dramatically reduce the time it takes to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16s, and does he agree that we need to do everything we can to accelerate the rate at which we can get those pilots trained?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
He has been an absolute champion on the Ukraine issue, and I would be delighted to meet him to see what more we can do.
Ian Bernard is a constituent of mine who served in the Royal Air Force and witnessed the nuclear tests on Christmas Island.
Ian is still to receive his nuclear veteran’s medal, and he has asked me to ask the Minister whether that omission could be rectified.
I am disturbed to hear that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent has not received his medal, because they have been minted and distributed.
If he would like to write to me with the details, I will chase it up.
Local mosques in Bolton are collecting donations, yet there seem to be major problems in getting those donations and aid into Gaza.
What discussions is the Department having with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Israeli Government about ensuring that those donations get to those most in need?
Not doing so will only escalate the conflict.
As I have described, it is a complex position on the ground to get the aid all the way through, but I am happy to either meet or take details from my hon.
Friend to ensure that those donations get where they are intended.
Defence Ministers will be aware that the situation in Kosovo is deteriorating dramatically.
Can the Secretary of State give us an assurance that the current international military presence there is sufficient to counter any threat from Belgrade?
When the Supreme Allied Commander Europe asked us for additional support for the Kosovo-Serbian border, the answer was immediately yes, that weekend, and we have a battalion there now, which is doing a great job.
That has contributed to a lessening of tensions, and we are keeping a close eye on it in our conversations, to ensure that we do not see the situation erupt.
This weekend we witnessed the third attack in a year on a commercial vessel in international waters.
The cargo ship Galaxy Leader has been described by the Israeli Government as British owned and Japanese operated.
What actions will the Minister take to prevent such acts of terrorism on British vessels?
We are very aware of the incident that my hon.
Friend describes.
The US navy has a presence in the Red sea, and the Royal Navy always keeps under review options to deploy there too.
Gurkha soldiers who retired before 1997 receive a lower pension than other British soldiers.
Will the Minister update the House on the current negotiations between the UK and the Government of Nepal to solve that difficult issue?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, and I am seeing a bilateral committee with veterans and the Nepalese ambassador on Wednesday.
This is an ongoing process.
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that pension schemes are extremely complicated, and in many cases the Gurkha pension scheme and offer to transfer subsequently represents good value for many of our brave Gurkha veterans.
I am certainly in discussion with the interested parties.
I am afraid that I cannot offer any promises at all, but nevertheless discussions are ongoing.
The great south-west region is home to cutting-edge defence companies such as Supacat, which makes military vehicles for our armed forces.
The Jackal 3 is an incredible vehicle that is being put to good use in Ukraine.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that more defence jobs come to the south-west?
It is brilliant to see south-west colleagues standing up for the defence sector in their constituencies, and my hon.
Friend is right about Supacat—it is a brilliant platform.
In February 2023 Supacat was awarded a £90 million contract by the MOD for 70 high-mobility truck vehicles, to be delivered by the end of the financial year, securing 100 jobs in the UK.
Supacat already has two other direct contracts with the MOD for the Jackal military enhancement programme, which is valued at a total of £4.5 million.
We must ensure that Putin does not win.
We must co-operate and help with the reconstruction of Ukraine.
Is it not time that we started seizing Russian state assets to help pay for the reconstruction of Ukraine?
A long time ago, when the war started, I was Transport Secretary.
We seized quite a lot of yachts and aircraft, which have still not been released, to ensure that they did not benefit from their closeness to Putin.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that over time we must keep cranking up the different ways by which we ensure that money is not flowing to that regime, and we will continue to keep that under review.
I believe that the ability to make virgin steel is crucial to the UK’s defence capabilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State agree?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
She has been a long-running champion of the steel sector and its importance to her constituents.
Of course, we want a smooth transition between blast furnace and electronic arc steel making technology.
Steel remains incredibly important to the defence sector.
Take the Type 26: almost 50% of that is British steel.
That is 1,400 tonnes per ship.
That underlines why it is so important that, in constituencies such as my hon.
Friend’s, we continue to support the steel sector.[Official Report,  27 November 2023 , Vol. 741, c. 6MC.]