Mrs. Jackson is preceded in death by her husband, Issic Jackson;

parents Willie George Carter and Willie Lee Ledger; and three brothers,

Gilbert Carter, Alfred Lee Carter, and John Carter.
She is survived by

two sons Jeffery Jackson and Michael Jackson; one granddaughter Denitra

Streeter; one grandson Kieron Jackson; one brother Willie Carter Jr.;

four sisters Sylvia Weatherspoon, Lee Edna Boone, Iris Elom, and Wanda

Morton, and a host of cousins, friends, and church members.
On a personal note, Mrs. Jackson was a source of great inspiration

for me and so many young Black women.
A trailblazer and pioneer, she

was devoted to her community, her family, and the power of the Civil

Rights and Voting Rights Movement.
It is because of the courage,

bravery, and strength of Foot Soldiers like Myrna Carter Jackson that

we enjoy the freedoms we have today.
Her life is a testament to the

power of ordinary Americans to achieve extraordinary social change.
May

we find comfort in knowing that she lived a full and blessed life, and

that her legacy will live on in the lives she touched.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy

of Mrs. Myrna Carter Jackson and her many contributions to the City of

Birmingham, the State of Alabama, and our Nation.
May she Rest in Peace

and Power.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LANSING WOMAN'S CLUB

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate the 150th anniversary of

the Lansing Woman's Club, an organization of incredible women dedicated

to personal growth, knowledge, and the betterment of their community.
Founded in 1874, the Club has played an instrumental role in promoting

lifelong learning and cultural enrichment, thus lifting the skylines of

its members, the city of Lansing, and beyond.
The Lansing Woman's Club began with 25 pioneering women who shared a

deep commitment to intellectual improvement.
Their dedication is

encapsulated in the Club's founding purpose: the study and improvement

of its members in literature, science, and the fine arts.
More than a

century later, the Club proudly carries on its mission as members meet

each week to learn from one another through the sharing of individually

written research papers.
Throughout its history, the Club has been a beacon of progress and

inclusivity, committed to welcoming open-minded and determined women to

mirror the diverse community it serves.
Members have come from various

walks of life and professional backgrounds, including doctors,

academics, civil servants, and members of the clergy, and have

established and supported cultural organizations, hospitals, and

educational institutions.
To this day, members not only contribute

their time and volunteer efforts, but also foster community engagement,

provide aid to refugees and supply food and clothing to those in need.
Over the years, the Lansing Woman's Club has hosted many

distinguished guests to share their passion and expertise with members,

including Frank Lloyd Wright Creativity Award-winning architect Alden

B. Bow, three-time Pulitzer Prize winner Carl Sandburg, and acclaimed

author Madeleine L'Engle.
Even in the face of adversity, including a devastating fire in 1996

that severely damaged the group's clubhouse, the resilience of its

members has ensured the Club's enduring presence.
Inspired by one of

the Club's earliest members, Irma T. Jones, these women continue to

demonstrate that our futures are limited only by the boundaries we set

for ourselves.
As we commemorate this significant milestone, let us recognize the

Lansing Woman's Club for its unwavering commitment to education,

culture, and service to the community.
It is with profound respect and

gratitude that I honor the Club's 150th anniversary and recognize its

members' contributions.
May the Lansing Woman's Club continue to

inspire and lead for many more generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF MR.
JOHN BREWER

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.