From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF MR.
JOHN BREWER

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Mr. John Brewer.
A passionate journalist and dedicated community

leader, John passed away in mid-April.
I got to know John when I first ran for Congress back in 2012.
From

the first moments I spent with him, I learned just how deeply he cared

about his community, and his passion for local journalism.
John was the consummate newsman and dedicated his professional career

to the field of journalism.
His first job was with the weekly Upland

News in his hometown of Upland, California in 1965.
From there, he went

on to work with The Associated Press for 19 years as a reporter,

editor, bureau chief, and executive in Seattle, Los Angeles, and New

York.
As the Seattle bureau chief, he oversaw the coverage of the

devastating 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens.
In Los Angeles, he

oversaw the coverage of the 1984 Summer Olympics.
During his 10 years

as president, CEO, and editor-in-chief of The New York Times

Syndication Sales Corp., he enlisted high-profile columnists, including

Mikhail Gorbachev, Martha Stewart, and former President Jimmy Carter.
After a prolific career around the country, John joined the Peninsula

Daily News in 1998, where he championed local journalism until his

retirement in 2015.
John was heavily involved in his community in the North Olympic

Peninsula, supporting over 25 nonprofits and other organizations,

including the Port Angeles Downtown Association, Community

Multicultural Alliance, and Peninsula Home Fund.
He served on several

community boards and was a past president of Allied Daily Newspapers of

Washington, a statewide press association.
Mr. Speaker, I join our communities of Clallam and Jefferson counties

in grieving the loss of a pillar of the community, passionate and

dedicated journalist, and compassionate father, brother, husband, and

friend.
I join John's wife, Barbara, his two sons, and the rest of his

family in grieving this sudden and tragic loss.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that journalism, not just at the local

level, but across the country, is better because of the dedicated work

and passion of Mr. John Brewer.
His impact and legacy will be felt in

Port Angeles and the broader Washington State community for many, many

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, on June 5, 2024, I missed 5 Roll Call

votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call No.
243, Schweikert of Arizona Part B Amendment No.
43--YES; Roll Call No.
244, Schweikert of Arizona Part B Amendment No.
44--YES; Roll Call No.
245, Steube of Florida Part B Amendment No.
45--NO; Roll Call No.
246,

Motion to Recommit to Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and

Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025--YES; and Roll Call No.
247,

Final Passage of Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related

Agencies Appropriations Act, 2025--NO.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ANASTASIOS G. PILIOTIS AND CHRYS MARIA CARDARIS-PILIOTIS

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Senior Special Agent

at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management and Senior Manager at AT&T,

and dear friends Anastasios Piliotis and Chrys Cardaris-Piliotis for

their over 40 years of dedication and commitment to providing quality

service to the public.
Anastasios earned his Bachelors in Administration of Criminal Justice

and Law Enforcement from San Jose State University in 1976, later

returning to earn his Master's in 1978 and Ph.D. in Sociology and

Anthropology from U.S. International University in 1981.
Chrys attended

Wayne State University, earning a Bachelor of Arts, Master's, and

subsequent Ph.D. in English Language and Literature.