GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and legacy

of Dana Campbell Saylor, a dedicated Phoenix community advocate and

personal friend.
From her early years as a student at Arizona State University, Dana

knew she wanted to dedicate her life to fighting for social justice--

especially on issues related to women's equality.
She quickly

established herself in the greater Phoenix area as a fierce advocate

for the vulnerable and underserved, sitting on countless boards,

councils, and commissions to channel her passion for public service.
Throughout the years, Dana served four Arizona Governors, two Phoenix

Mayors, and several ASU administrators in varying capacities to help

address community issues.
She used her advisory positions to propose,

pass, and implement legislation to enhance the lives of women,

children, and veterans.
Many in the Phoenix community know Dana best for her role as CEO of

the Maricopa County YWCA.
She was a firm believer and role model of

their mission to empower women, stand against racism, and promote

peace, justice, freedom, and dignity for all.
As CEO, she focused her

efforts on transforming the organization into the impactful entity it

is today.
She established the YWCA as a 501c4 for advocacy, created the

YWCA Metropolitan Women's Forum, and acted as YWCA Board Chair for the

Pacific Region for several years.
Throughout her lifetime, Dana was recognized with several highly

esteemed honors and awards such as the NAWBO Visionary Award, the West

Valley Mover and Shaker award, the YWCA Dorthy Willey Award, and an

induction into the Phoenix Union Alumni Hall of Fame.
Dana continued to serve others until her passing on May 13, 2024.
She

will be dearly missed, but her legacy in Phoenix will endure through

the countless lives she touched.
Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
YANG DAO

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Dr. Yang Dao for a lifetime of achievements spanning over five decades

of public service and community contributions to the multi-Lao ethnic

people of Laos and the Hmong American Diaspora community in the United

States and beyond.
Born on September 7, 1943, to Yang Mi Nou and Her

Kei in the Xieng Khouang Province during the Royal Kingdom of Laos, Dr.

Yang Dao was educated in the time of the French colonial administration

of Indochina, received a high school diploma in June 1964, and

graduated with a bachelor's degree (baccalaureate francaise) from the

University of Paris in 1968.
With funding support from the United

Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), Dr.

Yang Dao went on to complete a doctoral program in 1972, becoming the

first Hmong in history to receive a PhD in Social Science from The

Sorbonne University in France.
After completing his graduate studies, Dr. Yang Dao returned to the

Royal Kingdom of Laos to serve the government in many important roles,

including as the Director of Human Resources in the Ministry of

Planning from 1972 to 1974, and was later appointed by the King of

Laos, His Majesty King Sisavang Vatthana as a member of the National

Political Consultative Council (National Assembly) from 1974 to 1975

during the last unity coalition government consisting of the Royalist

and Neo Lao Hat Sak (Pathet Lao) political factions.
The fall of Laos to the communist Pathet Lao in May 1975 forced

hundreds of thousands of Lao, Hmong, and other multi-ethnic

refugees to flee to the neighboring country Thailand by crossing the

mighty Mekong River, where Dr. Yang Dao and his family joined the

exodus of refugees in seeking safety.
In July 1976, Dr. Yang Dao's

family resettled to France and later migrated to the State of Minnesota

(USA) in 1983.
Upon his arrival in the United States, Dr. Yang Dao joined the

faculty at the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Campus as an Adjunct

Professor teaching Southeast Asian Anthropology and History.