Title: CELEBRATING GENE GERRARD'S 102ND BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
97

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GENE GERRARD'S 102ND BIRTHDAY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to recognize the amazing life of

United States Coast Guard Veteran Eugene ``Gene'' Gerrard, who recently

celebrated his 102nd birthday.
Gene, like many from the ``Greatest Generation'' wanted to begin his

military career before reaching enlistment age but had to wait and

finally enlisted in the Coast Guard in 1942.
Gene served in the Coast

Guard until 1945, where he attained the rank of Quartermaster First

Class.
For his service, he earned an American Campaign Medal, an

Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal, a Good Conduct Medal, a World War II

Victory Medal, and a Philippine Liberation Medal.
Previous to his enlistment, Gene worked as a printer by day and

attended trade school by night in Brooklyn, New York.
After his

military service, Gene started his own printing business in Elmont, New

York.
Gene owned Gerrard Printing from 1951 to 1965, and St. Gerrard

Printing in Port Jefferson Station, New York, from 1965 to 2013.
Gene was also a dedicated public servant, having been elected as town

councilman for 22 years.
Gene also contributed to the Mount Sinai Fire

Department for 50 years as its chief, chaplain, and fire police

captain.
He founded the Mt. Sinai Fire Department Benevolent

Association and the Brookhaven Volunteer Firefighters Museum.
Currently, Gene resides in the Town of Canandaigua in Ontario County,

New York with his daughter, Pam Rushack.
At 102 years old, Gene still

gives back to the community by attending events, giving invocations,

and leading in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Most notably, Gene has served

as a Red Coat Ambassador to the Canandaigua VA, where he has done so

the last seven years.
Gene Gerrard is an exceptional community member whose devotion to his

country and his community is truly inspiring.
It brings me great joy to

know Gene.
I am thrilled to recognize him for his many accomplishments

and wish him a very happy 102nd birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIONS CLUB OF KENMORE'S 95TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate the 95th anniversary of

the Lions Club of Kenmore and their remarkable contributions to our

community.
Founded in May of 1929, the Lions Club was established to support the

visually impaired in Tonawanda and Kenmore.
They are committed to

improving access to eye and vision health for everyone through various

initiatives such as their Eyeglass Collection Project, which gathers

and distributes used eyeglasses worldwide.
Locally, the club offers

free vision screenings for children, as well as hearing aids and

related examinations for those in need.
The Kenmore Lions Club further

creates welcoming spaces for the visually impaired, hosting annual

Christmas parties, Thanksgiving dinners, and picnics throughout the

year.
In addition to their work for the visually impaired, the Lions Club

is committed to serving the broader community in every possible way.
Through participating in programs such as Adopt a Highway to keep our

roads litter free, organizing personal care donation drives for women

veterans, and providing scholarships for local high school students,

the Kenmore Lions Club has undoubtedly made a positive impact on many

people's lives.
I thank the Lions Club of Kenmore for 95 years of dedication and

service in making our community a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DANA CAMPBELL SAYLOR

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and legacy

of Dana Campbell Saylor, a dedicated Phoenix community advocate and

personal friend.
From her early years as a student at Arizona State University, Dana

knew she wanted to dedicate her life to fighting for social justice--

especially on issues related to women's equality.