Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Senior Special Agent

at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management and Senior Manager at AT&T,

and dear friends Anastasios Piliotis and Chrys Cardaris-Piliotis for

their over 40 years of dedication and commitment to providing quality

service to the public.
Anastasios earned his Bachelors in Administration of Criminal Justice

and Law Enforcement from San Jose State University in 1976, later

returning to earn his Master's in 1978 and Ph.D. in Sociology and

Anthropology from U.S. International University in 1981.
Chrys attended

Wayne State University, earning a Bachelor of Arts, Master's, and

subsequent Ph.D. in English Language and Literature.
Chrys began her career as an English Instructor from 1973 to 1977,

when she began her career with AT&T where she remained for 45 years

before retiring in 2023.
She served multiple departments working in

external affairs, marketing, and engineering, and served on the Women

of AT&T Officer and Executive Board.
Following his service as a Reserve Deputy Sheriff at Santa Clara

County Sheriff's Department and a Border Patrol Agent, Anastasios

continued his career in the Federal government service as a Criminal

Investigator at the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. Government

Printing Office and the Department of Transportation.
In 1986,

Anastasios transitioned to Senior Special Agent with the Defense

Security Services.
In 2005, he became a Senior Special Agent with the

Office of Personnel Management, Federal Investigative Services, where

he served for 18 years until his retirement in 2023.
In addition to his professional commitments, Anastasios also served

as an Adjunct Lecturer

and Instructor, teaching sociology, management, and decision-making

courses at Columbia College, Chapman University, and the University of

Phoenix.
Through their work in public service, education, telecommunications,

and intelligence, Anastasios and Chrys have positively impacted our

nation and the Tri-Valley community.
I join the residents of my

district in commending them for their decades of service and wish them

rest, relaxation, a lot of time with their children and grandchildren

in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JUNE 9TH AS BATTEN DISEASE AWARENESS DAY

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Batten

Disease Awareness Day.
Batten Disease is a fatal rare disease of the

nervous system that usually begins in childhood.
In the U.S., an

estimated two to four children out of every 100,000 will get the

disease, and unfortunately, there is no cure.
On June 9th Batten Disease advocates around the world will celebrate

International Batten Disease Awareness Day.
Families and caregivers

impacted by this disease are often fighting a silent battle due to a

lack of public awareness.
Increasing awareness helps honor their fight

and strengthen the development of innovative treatment options and

research for a cure.
That's why last year I was proud to introduce a

resolution in support of Batten Disease Awareness Day.
I urge my colleagues to join me on June 9th in honoring the families

and caregivers, and most importantly, the children who have been

impacted by this terrible disease.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MONSIGNOR MICHAEL PICARD'S RETIREMENT

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable

individual from my district, Monsignor Michael Picard, who has touched

and bettered countless lives in our community through his unwavering

faith and commitment to his vocation as a Pastor.
Born May 30, 1938, Michael Picard entered St. Charles Borromeo

Seminary in Philadelphia in 1956 at just 18 years old.
After nearly a

decade of rigorous theological training, he was ordained on May 21,

1966, and embarked on an illustrious 58-year career dedicated to

serving the Lord and guiding the spiritual lives of countless

individuals and community members.
Affectionately known as Father Mike, he embarked on his pastoral

journey as an Associate Pastor at Corpus Christi Church.