The fall of Laos to the communist Pathet Lao in May 1975 forced

hundreds of thousands of Lao, Hmong, and other multi-ethnic

refugees to flee to the neighboring country Thailand by crossing the

mighty Mekong River, where Dr. Yang Dao and his family joined the

exodus of refugees in seeking safety.
In July 1976, Dr. Yang Dao's

family resettled to France and later migrated to the State of Minnesota

(USA) in 1983.
Upon his arrival in the United States, Dr. Yang Dao joined the

faculty at the University of Minnesota Twin Cities Campus as an Adjunct

Professor teaching Southeast Asian Anthropology and History.
He went on

to teach at many local Twin Cities higher education institutions

including Hamline University, and Metropolitan State University.
Throughout his career, Dr. Yang Dao has authored many books, including

Hmong History, Culture, and Spirituality at a Glance Through Speeches

released in 2023, Hmong at the Turning Point (1993-French and English),

and first Hmong-French Dictionary (1964).
He has also co-authored many

books and has written extensively in academic periodicals and Journals.
Dr. Yang Dao is also a well-known public speaker who has participated

in many national and international conferences in the United States,

France, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam and China.
He speaks Hmong, Lao,

French, English, Thai, Vietnamese and Cantonese (Chinese).
Dr. Yang Dao

is also a prolific artist and composer who has created albums and

popular songs from Sib Pab Ciaj Vaj (Hmong unity) to Nkauj Hnub Twj

Tuaj Ci lab (Hmong face a bright new dawn)

As one of the very few surviving officials of the Royal Lao

government, Dr. Yang Dao is still very active in civic engagement,

frequently traveling internationally to foster public diplomacy by

promoting peace and encouraging educational and cultural exchanges.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in this well-deserved tribute to Dr. Yang

Dao, for his lifetime of service to Hmong Americans in Minnesota and

across the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
LEIGH WALKER FOR A LIFE OF SERVICE

HON.
MARK E. GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a

dedicated citizen from the greatest generation of Americans, Mrs. Leigh

Walker.
Mrs. Walker represents the best of patriotism and what it means to be

an American.
Eighty-three years ago, a fifteen-year-old in California

heard a call to help her country.
Pearl Harbor had been attacked, the

United States entered the war, and women had just begun joining the war

effort.
Miss Leigh and her mother were two of the many civilians who

reported for duty.
Women across the country worked long hours and long

weeks, including Leigh and her mother.
After months of training, Miss

Leigh became a certified welder and began working on ships in Richmond,

California at only sixteen years old.
The SS Red Oak Victory, a ship named for the small town in Iowa, was

among the ships Mrs. Walker remembers working on.
Built to last, this

naval ship is still docked in Richmond today.
Now no longer used for

war, it is a testament to the skill and perseverance exemplified by

young women during the war.
Miss Leigh and many of her peers rose to

the occasion and served their country well with strength and

dedication.
After the war, Leigh married Leland Walker, who was a highly skilled

steamfitter and boilermaker.
Together they moved across the country to

Tennessee, which is still their home over 70 years later.
Together,

they raised two children: Jerry Walker, who served in the U.S. Army

during the Vietnam War, and Marcia Chandler, an elementary school

teacher of 46 years.
Mrs. Walker and the late Mr. Walker have four

grandchildren.
Leigh Walker served her community in many informal ways as well.
Mrs.

Walker spent nearly twenty years helping her daughter's students with

reading and writing.