Mrs. Walker and the late Mr. Walker have four

grandchildren.
Leigh Walker served her community in many informal ways as well.
Mrs.

Walker spent nearly twenty years helping her daughter's students with

reading and writing.
She was a reliable volunteer at the high school

baseball games where her son-in-law coached and spent many years making

cakes treasured by her community for various events.
Today, she is 97 years old and still resides in Dickson County,

Tennessee.
The advice she leaves speaks to her legacy; ``Be honest,

love your family, and always vote.''
Leigh Walker's life is a testament to the American spirit of duty and

service, and it is with the greatest respect that I recognize her

today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS.
MYRNA JACKSON

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the extraordinary life and

legacy of Mrs. Myrna Carter Jackson, a civil rights activist and

community leader in Birmingham, Alabama, who passed away on May 31,

2024, at the age of 82.
Mrs. Jackson was born on July 9, 1941, in Birmingham, Alabama as one

Ledger.
After graduating from A.H. Parker High School at the age of

sixteen, she attended Barbara Durr Beauty College in 1965 and obtained

a license in cosmetology.
Later in life, she continued her educational

journey at Lawson State Community College and Miles College, graduating

with a bachelor's degree in social work in 2000.
Mrs. Jackson became involved in the Civil Rights Movement at an early

age, serving as the First Vice President of the Metro Birmingham Branch

of NAACP.
After the 1963 bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church, she

participated in the Children's March and Monday Masses, organized by

the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights and Reverend Fred

Shuttlesworth.
In response to her peaceful demonstration, Mrs. Jackson

was jailed twice and spent more than three weeks in the Birmingham

Jail.
She experienced violence and troubling conditions during her

incarceration but drew strength from the support and comradery that she

received from other members of the Movement.
A dedicated community leader, Mrs. Jackson's commitment to service

was the throughline of her career.
She served as a certified substitute

teacher for several Birmingham schools, provided social services and

workforce development to survivors of Hurricane Katrina, facilitated

job training for students through the Birmingham Works for Youth, and

served as Commissioner of the Housing Authority of the Birmingham

District.
As a member of the Top Ladies of Distinction, she worked with

Top Teens of America to provide scholarships and funding for students.
Even later in life, Mrs. Jackson's commitment to the ideals of the

Civil Rights Movement never wavered.
In 2009, she organized a

conference with the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute and the FBI to

promote healthy dialogue between youth and law enforcement.
In 2017,

she helped commemorate the Birmingham Civil Rights National Monument

and went on to serve as the Interim President for the Metro Birmingham

Branch of the NAACP.
Mrs. Jackson received much recognition for her remarkable leadership

and contributions to the Civil Rights Movement.
She was honored by the

Metro Birmingham Branch of the NAACP in 2013 for the 50th anniversary

of the Civil Rights Movement.
In 2017, she was selected by The

HistoryMakers for an oral history interview of her incredible life

story.
Mrs. Jackson is preceded in death by her husband, Issic Jackson;

parents Willie George Carter and Willie Lee Ledger; and three brothers,

Gilbert Carter, Alfred Lee Carter, and John Carter.
She is survived by

two sons Jeffery Jackson and Michael Jackson; one granddaughter Denitra

Streeter; one grandson Kieron Jackson; one brother Willie Carter Jr.;

four sisters Sylvia Weatherspoon, Lee Edna Boone, Iris Elom, and Wanda

Morton, and a host of cousins, friends, and church members.
On a personal note, Mrs. Jackson was a source of great inspiration

for me and so many young Black women.