He is also survived by his

stepchildren.
Donald Babcock, Michelle Wheeler, and Susan Bennett, and

their children and grandchildren.
He will be remembered for his devotion to his family, love of travel,

and insightful guidance Please join me in honoring Fred R. Doster for

his many contributions to the East Bay.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
WALT KOENIG

HON.
AUGUST PFLUGER

Mr. PFLUGER.
Mr. Speaker, today, I am proud to recognize and

congratulate Mr. Walt Koenig, who is retiring from his position as

President and CEO of the San Angelo Chamber of Commerce.
I greatly

appreciate Mr. Koenig's four years of dedicated service which

profoundly impacted the San Angelo community.
I was born and raised in San Angelo and am proud to call San Angelo

my home.
In recent years, I have witnessed significant growth and

positive change across the city.
Thanks to our leadership in both

enterprise and government, San Angelo has become one of the best small

cities for business.
Mr. Koenig's stewardship and enthusiasm for

improving our city across the board have left a lasting impact that is

greatly valued by the entire San Angelo community.
Before his tenure at the San Angelo Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Koenig

served as the President and CEO of the Kerrville Chamber of Commerce

and the Executive Director of the Kerr County Economic Development

Program.
Mr. Koenig's many contributions on the business level include

over 25 years of experience in the telecommunications industry.
Along

with his history in business, Mr. Koenig also served 8 years as a

senior diplomat with the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce.
Mr. Koenig made no waste of his four years serving the community of

San Angelo.
Under his leadership, San Angelo was established as the

Visual Arts Capitol of Texas, the 2024 Best Visitor Center in Texas,

and the 2024 People's Choice Award for Best Destination for Arts and

Culture in the State of Texas.
Along with these accolades, San Angelo

has seen significant economic growth due to a surge in new local

businesses, tourism, and overall quality of life.
Due to his hard work

and enthusiastic support for the city, it is safe to say that Mr.

Koenig left the greater San Angelo community in a better position than

he found it.
Beyond his duties at the Chamber of Commerce, Walt was also a civic

leader for Goodfellow Air Force Base.
Mr. Koenig was heavily involved

at the base, including going out of his way to speak with students from

other countries in their native language.
Throughout his tenure, Mr.

Koenig consistently went above and beyond in his unwavering support for

the community, which left an indelible mark on the city of San Angelo.
He and his wife, MG, poured their hearts out for our community, and for

that, I will always be thankful.
Walt is a good friend of our office and our community--he will be

missed dearly.
I am proud to honor Mr. Walt Koenig's incredible

contributions to the city of San Angelo during his successful tenure.
I

extend my most heartfelt wishes to his family for a smooth transition

as they embark on their journey to Italy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE PROMOTORAS IN OUR COMMUNITY TO COMBAT COVID-19

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the remarkable efforts of

community leaders and organizations in battling the COVID-19 pandemic,

including AYUDA, Inc., Familias Triunfadoras, Dona Ana County--Health &

Human Services, and Family Support Services of Amarillo, along with

dedicated leaders like Nora Hernandez, Josiah Heyman, Mark Jurado,

Adriana Orozco, Gina Nunez-Mchiri, and the memory of Patricia Juarez

Carrillo.
The COVID-19 pandemic brought unprecedented challenges to our

communities, particularly impacting vulnerable populations such as

farmworkers, dairy workers, and meatpacking workers.