Thomas Knoll, an Ann Arbor native,

created Adobe Photoshop in 1987 while completing his Ph.D. at the

University of Michigan.
Duo Security, a leader in two-factor internet

security, was founded in 2009.
Presently, Ann Arbor is host to over 20

video game and XR studios of varying sizes and hosts monthly meetings

of the International Game Developers Association.
Ann Arbor is also

home to many nationally and internationally recognized businesses like

Domino's Pizza, one of the largest pizza brands in the world.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

City of Ann Arbor on the occasion of their bicentennial.
For the past

200 years, Ann Arbor has stood as a beacon of progress, diversity, and

excellence.
From its humble beginnings to its current status as a

thriving and exemplary city, this milestone is a testament to their

commitment to innovation, education, and community.
We are excited to

see what the residents of Ann Arbor can accomplish in the years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BETTY WILLIAMS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mrs.

Betty Jo Cook Williams of Texarkana, Texas, who peacefully passed away

on May 12, 2024 with her family by her side.
Mrs. Williams was born on December 20, 1943, at Eglin Air Force Base,

Florida.
She spent most of her childhood on a small family farm in

Henderson County, Texas, where she developed a passion for

horticulture, conservation, and self-reliance.
Mrs. Williams graduated

with honors from East Texas State University with a bachelor's degree

in art and a master's degree in education.
It was during this time that

she met her husband of 58 years, Doug.
Afterwards, Mrs. Williams began

her career as a schoolteacher at Texarkana Independent School District,

where she taught for 33 years.
She participated in professional

development workshops and trained with the Hatton W. Sumner Institute

to improve her understanding of individual freedom and civic

responsibility.
Throughout the years, Mrs. Williams was recognized as a

distinguished educator who strived to make a difference in students'

lives.
After retiring from TISD, Mrs. Williams stayed in touch with Highland

Park Elementary School and volunteered to help train new teachers.
She

was a board member of the Bowie and Miller County Literacy Council and

a treasurer for the Texas Classroom Teachers' Association.
For her

outstanding work, the TCTA selected Mrs. Williams as the ``Retired

Teacher of the Year'' in 2003.
She also served as an election judge for

Bowie County for over twenty years and attended numerous GOP

conventions statewide as a delegate.
I am saddened to hear of Mrs.

Williams' passing.
Her legacy of dedication, public service, and family

values will be remembered for many years to come.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to honor Mrs. Williams' wonderful life.
She will be dearly

missed by her friends, family, and all who knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDWIN TORRES DeSANTIAGO

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional

achievements of Edwin Torres DeSantiago, who will soon begin his

doctoral program in Public Affairs as the University of Minnesota

Humphrey School's first DACA recipient.
Edwin arrived in the United States from El Salvador at eight years

old.
Despite early academic success, Edwin did not believe that he

could get a college education in the United States due to his status as

an undocumented immigrant.
However, when the Obama Administration

established the DACA program, he then had the opportunity to attend

Saint John's University in Saint Joseph, Minnesota, where he excelled

in academics and earned many University-wide awards.