VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the remarkable efforts of

community leaders and organizations in battling the COVID-19 pandemic,

including AYUDA, Inc., Familias Triunfadoras, Dona Ana County--Health &

Human Services, and Family Support Services of Amarillo, along with

dedicated leaders like Nora Hernandez, Josiah Heyman, Mark Jurado,

Adriana Orozco, Gina Nunez-Mchiri, and the memory of Patricia Juarez

Carrillo.
The COVID-19 pandemic brought unprecedented challenges to our

communities, particularly impacting vulnerable populations such as

farmworkers, dairy workers, and meatpacking workers.
Recognizing the

urgent need for targeted interventions, our dedicated leaders partnered

with the National COVID-19 Resiliency Network (NCRN) to address the

specific needs of these communities.
Our leader's collaboration with community-based organizations aimed

to provide essential resources and support to migrant workers and food

production workers in El Paso, Moore, TX, and Dona Ana, NM counties.
The project began with disseminating vital COVID-19 information and

evolved to address emerging needs, including vaccine access, mental

health support, and promoting the NCRN application.
By early February 2024, substantial progress had been achieved in

providing essential COVID-19 resources to farmworkers, dairy workers,

and meatpacking workers.
Crucial, targeted outreach efforts meant

thousands of these workers received the COVID-19 vaccine, tests,

resources, and more.
These initiatives highlight a comprehensive

approach to supporting essential workers' health and well-being and our

greater community.
The collaborative efforts of these organizations and

leaders have been crucial in mitigating the impact of COVID-19 and

promoting health equity in our communities, reflecting the spirit of

compassion and solidarity.
Today, I am honored to pay tribute to all those involved in this

noble endeavor.
Their selfless contributions have made a profound

difference in the lives of countless individuals and families, and

their legacy of service will be remembered for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call votes 219 and 220 on May

21, 2024, and 221 and 222 on May 22, 2024.
Had I been present, my votes

would have been: Yea on Roll Call No.
219; Yea on Roll Call No.
220;

Nay on Roll Call No.
221; and Nay on Roll Call No.
222.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL GRACE E. MILLER

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Lieutenant Colonel

Grace E. Miller for her service serving in the Secretary of the Air

Force House Liaison Office since January 2022.
Lieutenant Colonel Miller received her commission through the Air

Force ROTC program at the University of St. Thomas in 2006.
She began

her active-duty career as Assistant Officer in Charge, Blue Aircraft

Maintenance Unit, 62nd Aircraft Maintenance Squadron at McChord Air

Force Base, Washington.
During this assignment, she deployed in support

of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation

Deep Freeze.
In 2009, she received an AFIT Civilian Institution Program

sponsorship to attend the English Literature Master of Arts program at

the Pennsylvania State University.
She completed her degree in 2010 and

then taught at the United States Academy until 2014, achieving the

academic rank of assistant professor and serving as Executive Officer

to the Dean of the Faculty.
She joined the Air Force Reserve in 2014, serving as Maintenance

Operations Officer of the 934th Maintenance Squadron.
In 2016, she

deployed as Aircraft Maintenance Squadron Maintenance Operations

Officer at the 386th Air Expeditionary Wing in support of Operation

Inherent Resolve.
On her return, she took command of the 934th Aircraft

Maintenance Squadron, where she led 110 personnel maintaining eight C-

130H aircraft to provide combat airlift worldwide.
During her time at

the 934th, she pursued her doctoral degree at the University of

Minnesota, graduating in 2018.
In 2020, she was selected for the Air

Force Legislative Fellows program and served in the State Department

and then in the office of Senator Moran.