From its humble beginnings in adobe structures to

its current status as a leading institution for STEAM education, the

academy has remained steadfast in its mission to provide innovative

learning opportunities.
As we commemorate its centennial milestone, we remain committed to

ensuring that every child, regardless of background or circumstance,

has access to the transformative power of education.
The legacy of

Escontrias STEAM Academy serves as a beacon of hope and opportunity for

generations to come.
Today, I am honored to pay tribute to the Escontrias STEAM Academy

for its century of educational excellence and its profound impact on

the lives of countless students, families, and the broader community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Ann

Arbor on the 200th anniversary of its founding.
The contributions its

residents have made to the State of Michigan and to the Nation over the

last two centuries are worthy of commendation.
Originally the Village of Annarbour, this community was named after

the wives of its two founders, who were both named Ann, and was also

inspired by the large forest in the area.
Founded in 1824, historic Ann

Arbor predates the establishment of the State of Michigan by thirteen

years.
Ann Arbor is home to one of the most prestigious universities in the

world: The University of Michigan.
The University of Michigan was

originally established in 1817 as Catholepistemiad Michigania in

Detroit, then a fledgling capital of the Territory of Michigan, and

later relocated to Ann Arbor in 1837.
Since its founding, the

university has brought defining cultural, economic, and intellectual

growth to greater Ann Arbor.
The students, staff, and faculty come from

all 50 American states and over 100 countries globally, contributing to

the worldly and diverse culture of this community.
In addition to its

numerous accolades for its academic prestige, University of Michigan

Athletics continues to make Ann Arbor proud.
Just this past January,

the University of Michigan Football Team defeated the Washington

Huskies, bringing a national championship title back to Ann Arbor for

the first time since 1997.
It is not just the University of Michigan that makes Ann Arbor

special.
The cultural and religious diversity of the city has been a

source of strength and has also led to Ann Arbor being the site of many

monumental political and civil rights activities.
From traditional

denominations to more contemporary organizations, there is something

for everyone in this vibrant city.
Beth Israel, one of the oldest

synagogues in the state, was founded in 1916.
The city was also the

home of the first meetings of the Students for a Democratic Society in

1960, a national student activist group.
That same year, President John

F. Kennedy set in motion the development of the Peace Corps on the

steps of the Michigan Union.
In 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson gave

his ``Great Society'' speech at the University of Michigan's

commencement.
In 1965, the city was the location of the first American

``teach in'' in protest of the Vietnam War.
Ann Arbor has long been known as a hotbed for technological

innovation and start-ups.
The International Radio Corporation,

established in Ann Arbor in 1931, was responsible for the first mass-

produced AC/DC radio as well as the Argus C3, one of the top-selling

cameras in history.
ProQuest, founded in 1938 as University Microfilms,

has been at the forefront of the preservation of documents for research

purposes since their founding.
Thomas Knoll, an Ann Arbor native,

created Adobe Photoshop in 1987 while completing his Ph.D. at the

University of Michigan.
Duo Security, a leader in two-factor internet

security, was founded in 2009.
Presently, Ann Arbor is host to over 20

video game and XR studios of varying sizes and hosts monthly meetings

of the International Game Developers Association.