We were overjoyed to host Virginia and other

Rosies in the Capitol during the Honor Flight event in 2023.
Getting to know Virginia over the years meant a lot to me.
As a

Rosie, she and her colleagues were not only vital members of our

Nation's efforts during the Second World War, but they opened doors and

have been inspirations for the generations of women that followed.
Her

wisdom and strength inspired many, including myself, to reach for

achievements that in past generations would have been unthinkable.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today celebrating the

life of Virginia Basler.
Virginia was an incredible representation of

answering our Nation's highest calling.
She served her country with

honor in WWII and afterward throughout her local community, bringing

joy, enthusiasm, and love to everyone she met along the way.
We mourn

with her loved ones and thank them for sharing Virginia with us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF CHIEF RANDY COX

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Somerset

Borough Police Chief Randy Cox on his 47 years of service to our

community.
Randy felt called to serve from a young age and always wanted to be a

police officer.
He began his law enforcement career as a police officer

in 1977 for Seven Springs Borough in Somerset County, Pennsylvania.
He

transitioned to the Ligonier Borough Police Department in 1981 and rose

to the rank of police chief in 1990.
On August 9, 2004, Randy became

the chief of the Somerset Borough Police Department, where he served

for the past 19 years.
Randy kept a local and positive approach to his law enforcement

duties.
Through his teaching role at the Westmoreland County Community

College Police Academy and Penn State-Fayette, Randy prepared officers

for all the hardships associated with law enforcement.
Additionally, he

graduated from the Federal Bureau of Investigation National Academy's

204th Session in 2001.
Randy took this education and incorporated what

he learned into training sessions at local academies.
He also served as

an assessor for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Law Enforcement

Accreditation Committee to ensure that all police officers were

qualified for the job's rigorous duties.
He demonstrated a long-lasting

commitment to southwestern Pennsylvania law enforcement officials, and

his legacy will be remembered for generations to come.
Mr. Speaker, Randy Cox served southwestern Pennsylvania dutifully for

the past 47 years.
On behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate him on a long, successful career

serving southwestern Pennsylvania communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MRS.
JANIE B. RANDOLPH

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a remarkable

mother, humanitarian, and beloved community figure as she celebrates a

milestone in her extraordinary life.
Mrs. Janie B. Randolph will

celebrate her 100th birthday on June 4, and I join family and friends

in celebrating this significant occasion.
Mrs. Randolph was born on June 4, 1924, in Congaree, South Carolina.
She attended Richland County Public Schools and achieved her lifelong

goal of obtaining her high school diploma in 1970 from the Richland

County Adult Education Center.
She furthered her education by attending

Midlands Technical College, where she took classes in fashion design.
Her interest in fashion led her to become a highly skilled seamstress

and develop a passion for knitting and crocheting.
Mrs. Randolph is the proud mother of six children--Barbara, Romeo,

Joyce, Nancy, Jacqulyn, and Kenneth--plus two additional children by

love, Tom Adams and Sheriff Leon Lott.
All of her children attended

college and served in the military.
She is also a grandmother, great-

grandmother, great-great-grandmother, and a surrogate mother to many.
Her four beloved cats, Lilibeth, Corabell, Marthann, and Cleolynn, are

her constant companions.