Edwin arrived in the United States from El Salvador at eight years

old.
Despite early academic success, Edwin did not believe that he

could get a college education in the United States due to his status as

an undocumented immigrant.
However, when the Obama Administration

established the DACA program, he then had the opportunity to attend

Saint John's University in Saint Joseph, Minnesota, where he excelled

in academics and earned many University-wide awards.
During his college

education and beyond, he has been a tireless advocate for first

generation and Latine students, leading to an appointment to his alma

mater's Board of Trustees in 2023.
His advocacy for our community

members is not limited to students, throughout his life Edwin has

championed countless progressive leaders and policies that have

improved the lives of so many Minnesotans.
Admirably, Edwin recently

earned his master's degree in public affairs from the Humphrey School

while continuing his career and extensive community service.
Edwin will now embark on the years-long journey of earning a doctoral

degree in Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota Humphrey

School, where his exceptional achievements and demonstrated investment

in the community earned him a full-ride scholarship.
Beyond his

admission to the program and tremendous scholarship, Edwin's status as

the Humphrey School's first DACA recipient to attend the program makes

this achievement duly commendable.
Edwin's acceptance to the Humphrey School is a testament to his

decades of hard work and leadership.
I am so proud to call him a

Minnesotan and recognize that Dreamers like Edwin make our state, and

our country, a better place.
I have no doubt that Edwin will be

successful as a doctoral student and look forward to the continued

positive change he will bring to our community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Edwin

for his incredible accomplishment and wishing him luck as he starts

this new chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRED R. DOSTER

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and

service of Fred R. Doster.
Born on June 7, 1937, Fred was a real estate broker who formed his

own business, Contra Costa Properties, in 1965.
He remained involved

with the business until his passing.
Fred served in the United States

Marine Corps and served his local community as Planning Commissioner

for the City of Concord.
He was also instrumental in the creation of

the Concord Jazz Festival, which evolved

into what we now know as the Concord Pavilion.
Prior to his successful real estate business, Fred constructed boats,

one of which was a wooden ski boat he built in 1958 and which is still

owned by his family.
In line with his passion for dirt bike racing, he

also started Motorsport, a chain of motorcycle parts and accessory

stores.
Throughout his life Fred enjoyed water skiing, snow skiing,

dirt bike racing, and recreational sailing and racing.
He also enjoyed

traveling in general.
Fred and his wife Carol spent many years together

traveling by air, land, and sea.
Fred's many passions made for a

dynamic and fulfilling life.
Sadly, Fred passed away on April 28, 2024 at the age of 87.
He is

survived by his loving wife Carol; his devoted children: Bradley

Doster, Greg Doster, Julie Opp (Doug), Karen Harless (Roger,

predeceased); grandchildren Bethany Doster, Allison Doster; Rebecca

Stuart-Doster, Hailey Doster, Jeremy Opp, Joshua Opp (Jen), Danae Boyle

(Matt); Jessica Brook, Martin Harless, Kelsie Navarro (Felix), and

great grandchildren, Caden, Calvin, and Zoe Opp, Oliver, Amelia and

Finn Boyle; and Sophia and Claire Brook.
He is also survived by his

stepchildren.
Donald Babcock, Michelle Wheeler, and Susan Bennett, and

their children and grandchildren.
He will be remembered for his devotion to his family, love of travel,

and insightful guidance Please join me in honoring Fred R. Doster for

his many contributions to the East Bay.