Title: APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF WILL NEITZEL; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
90

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF WILL NEITZEL

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Will Neitzel,

a member of my staff for the last five and a half years.
Will joined my

team as I opened a new office and started my first term, serving

Wisconsin's First Congressional District.
Will has been an integral

member of my team.
While serving in my personal office, Will's candor, hard work, and

humor have been tremendous assets to my office.
When first starting my

office, Will was essential in getting my mail program up and running,

working tirelessly to produce dozens of letters each week.
As a policy

staffer Will helped Wisconsin families and small businesses better

understand and navigate federal programs.
After serving as one of my lead staffers in my personal office, Will

then moved to the Committee on House Administration when I became

Chairman in January of 2022.
Will quickly became my Wisconsin advocate

with the Committee, always thinking of ways House Administration can

benefit the people of Wisconsin's First District.
Will also jumped

right in and helped lead the Committee's widely successful ``Running an

Effective Committee in the Majority Series'', ``Level Up: GOP Staff

Development Course'', and the ``Intern Lecture Series'', among many

others.
With Will as a part of my Member Services team, the Committee has

held briefings and education trainings for over 2,000 Members of

Congress and their staff.
This team has also successfully completed

over 600 Member-related requests.
Will also spearheaded the planting of

the Sugar Maple tree on the U.S. Capitol Grounds commemorating the

175th anniversary of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt in my mind that the great people of

Wisconsin are better off because of Will's service here in the U.S.

House of Representatives.
I'm so appreciative to have had him in my

personal and committee offices.
On behalf of my personal office and the

Committee on House Administration, we want to thank Will for his great

services and friendship.
We wish the very best of success to Will,

Steph, Jack, and Ada as they start a new chapter back home in

Wisconsin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESCONTRIAS STEAM ACADEMY

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 100th anniversary

of the Escontrias STEAM Academy, a cornerstone of educational

excellence in the Lower Valley of El Paso County.
In 1921, faced with the urgent need for a safe educational

environment for children of the Socorro district, Silverio Escontrias,

a dedicated Texas Ranger and community leader, generously donated land

at U.S. Highway 80 and Buford Road for a new school.
His commitment to

education laid the groundwork for what would become Escontrias

Elementary

School and later, Escontrias STEAM (Science, technology, engineering,

art and math) Academy.
Notably, in 1924, the academy initiated a vocational program,

teaching practical skills like carpentry, cotton farming, and animal

husbandry, exemplifying the academy's commitment to a holistic

education, preparing students for both academic and practical success

in life.
Since then, the Escontrias STEAM Academy has evolved into a

hub of innovation.
From its humble beginnings in adobe structures to

its current status as a leading institution for STEAM education, the

academy has remained steadfast in its mission to provide innovative

learning opportunities.
As we commemorate its centennial milestone, we remain committed to

ensuring that every child, regardless of background or circumstance,

has access to the transformative power of education.
The legacy of

Escontrias STEAM Academy serves as a beacon of hope and opportunity for

generations to come.