On her return, she took command of the 934th Aircraft

Maintenance Squadron, where she led 110 personnel maintaining eight C-

130H aircraft to provide combat airlift worldwide.
During her time at

the 934th, she pursued her doctoral degree at the University of

Minnesota, graduating in 2018.
In 2020, she was selected for the Air

Force Legislative Fellows program and served in the State Department

and then in the office of Senator Moran.
Please join me in recognizing Lieutenant Colonel Miller for her

tireless dedication and service to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF ESTHER KIM

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional

contributions of Esther Kim, our Asian Pacific American Institute for

Congressional Studies (APAICS) fellow, who has used her talents for the

betterment of California and the U.S. Congress as a whole.
From

astutely demanding answers from the Food and Drug Administration on how

lead-tainted food was able to get to the plates of children and what

the agency would do to ensure it never happened again, to building key

coalitions of support and helping pass through the House a bill to

redesignate a Koreatown post office in honor of activist Dosan Ahn

Chang Ho, Esther's insights and diligence have made real change and

pushed important congressional efforts forward.
As she prepares to enter Yale Divinity School in the fall, I am

certain her time in Congress is only the beginning of the impact Esther

Kim will make on our nation.
I know I speak for everyone who

encountered Esther on the Hill when I say we can't wait to see what she

will do change the world next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF VIRGINIA BASLER AND HER SERVICE TO THE UNITED

STATES OF AMERICA

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of

Virginia Basler, a resident of Ypsilanti, Michigan and veteran of WWII,

and to mourn her passing.
Her dedication to her country and local

community over a long and exceptional life is worthy of commendation.
Virginia was born in Alpena, Michigan, on a family farm as the middle

of three children.
During WWII, while her older brother enlisted in the

Air Force, Virginia and a friend moved down to Ypsilanti to work at the

Willow Run Bomber Plant.
For almost two years, she worked on the

production line, drilling rivet holes for B-24 Liberator bombers.
As soon as she met the age requirement, Virginia enlisted in the

Coast Guard Women's Reserves (SPARS) to serve her country in another

way.
She attended Boot Camp at Sheepshead Bay, New York, where she was

trained as a baker, and she was assigned to the Coast Guard Station in

Washington, D.C. where she would remain for the duration of the war.
After her service was finished, Virginia came back to Ypsilanti where

she again worked at the Willow Run Plant, now a Kaiser-Frazer car

factory.
In the decades after, Virginia lived a full life.
She married

Leonard, a WWII veteran himself, and raised a family of three children.
She continued her life of service, cooking for the Ypsilanti Public

Schools and Eastern Michigan University.
Following her retirement in

1990, Virginia was active in the community, volunteering for Meals on

Wheels and the local charity Thrift Shop.
She was also very active with

the American Rosie the Riveter Association, attending events with other

Rosies and WWII vets.
We were overjoyed to host Virginia and other

Rosies in the Capitol during the Honor Flight event in 2023.
Getting to know Virginia over the years meant a lot to me.
As a

Rosie, she and her colleagues were not only vital members of our

Nation's efforts during the Second World War, but they opened doors and

have been inspirations for the generations of women that followed.