Over 20 years after getting his start on the Hill, Brent

has become an expert on various policy issues and an integral member of

my D.C. staff.
From meeting with constituents to managing our

legislative team, Brent has spent countless hours serving Virginia's

1st District.
Brent has been an excellent mentor; always willing to offer advice to

interns and staff.
Both current and former members of my staff are

improved public servants due to Brent's leadership.
Brent's wisdom,

humor, and perspective will be dearly missed in my office.
I wish Brent

the best as he starts his new position with FGS Global.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing the service and

accomplishments of Brent Robinson.
May God bless Brent as he embarks on

a new challenge, and I look forward to seeing his continued success in

the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GRACE L. MORRIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Grace L. Morris.
As we

celebrate her life, we think of all the memories that she continues to

share, as a citizen of our country.
Grace was born in Pittston,

Pennsylvania on September 11, 1923, grew up in upstate Pennsylvania and

made her family home in Northeast Philadelphia on Lexington Avenue.
Grace attended Saint John's High School and graduated in 1941.
She

enrolled in Germantown Nursing School, graduated, and went to work as

the head nurse for the psychiatric ward.
Grace then joined the United

States Army.
She served on a POW ship that crossed the Atlantic Ocean 5

times--over and back.
Grace earned the rank of 2nd Lieutenant before

World War II ended.
Grace attended classes at the University of Scranton for further

nursing studies.
Her marriage to Bill Morris took place September 6, 1946.
While

raising 5 children, Grace worked as a Private Duty Nurse at Nazareth

Hospital and later as a nursing instructor at the Philadelphia Training

Institute.
Grace was a devoted wife, remains an amazing mother and grandmother.
Her great-grandchildren now number 10.
She served as the neighborhood

nurse and devoted much time to volunteer efforts through Saint Jerome's

Parish, and Winchester Swim Club in Philadelphia.
As we celebrate her 100 years of life, we are incredibly grateful for

the positive impact she has made on all who know her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 27, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO CAROLYN RAMSAY--30TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE

YEAR

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we pay special tribute to

the contributions and sacrifices made by our Nation's women during

Women's History Month.
It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding

women who are making a difference in my Congressional District.
I would

like to recognize a remarkable woman,

Carolyn Ramsay of the Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles,

California.