As a Principal Engineer, Marie's work has focused on formulating and

developing extreme precision space observatories for NASA Astrophysics

science missions.
On her latest project, the James Webb Space Telescope

(JWST), she guided the integrated modeling and simulations required to

predict the observatory's performance in space.
Because of its

complexity, JWST could not be fully tested on the ground prior to

launch, and verification of the on-orbit imaging quality and stability

had to be done primarily by computer simulations.
This task was

especially daunting because there were no flight precedents to build

upon and new modeling techniques had to be developed for predicting

motion stability to the accuracy of one thousandth the diameter of a

human hair across the 6-meter telescope.
The job also involved

coordinating the work of hundreds of engineers from across the country,

including from universities, NASA center, and aerospace contractors.
The amazing images produced by the telescope are a testament to the

many who contributed and Marie's outstanding leadership.
This telescope

will enable new scientific discoveries by looking back in time for how

solar systems and galaxies formed after the Big Bang, and by detecting

signs of life in the chemical composition of planets around other

stars.
Integrated modeling is now being successfully implemented on NASA's

next astrophysics observatory, the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope,

and Dr. Levine is on NASA's Standing Review Board as the integrated

modeling specialist.
With other experts around the country, she is

currently working on early formulation plans for a large space

telescope mission to find and characterize Earth-like planets.
For her

remarkable achievements in her field, Marie has received many awards

during her 32-year career at JPL, including the JPL Magellan Award and

the NASA Exceptional Service Medal.
Active in her community and with a love of gardening, she volunteered

with the Pasadena Water and Power Department to create a drought

tolerant demonstration garden at the Sheldon Reservoir, which was

recently acknowledged by the State of California Secretary of Natural

Resources.
I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, well-

respected woman of California's 30th Congressional District, Dr. Marie

Levine.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO EVELYN SERRANO--30TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE

YEAR

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we pay special tribute to

the contributions and sacrifices made by our Nation's women during

Women's History Month.
It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding

women who are making a difference in my Congressional District.
I would

like to recognize a remarkable woman.
Evelyn Serrano of the Sunland-

Tujunga neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
Evelyn is a Cuban immigrant, artist, educator and community volunteer

working at the intersection of creative activism, placemaking, land

stewardship, memory, and community engagement, and her employment and

volunteer activities are indeed a reflection of her collaborative,

artistic nature.
She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts from the

Maryland Institute College of Art, Master of Fine Arts in Studio Art

and Integrated Media from the California Institute of the Arts

(CalArts), a Master's in Education from Alliant International

University, and her teaching credential from the University of

California, San Diego.
Ms. Serrano is a co-founder of Sunland Tujunga Forward (ST Forward),

a non-profit organization that focuses on equity, anti-racism,

intersectional feminism, land stewardship, and transformative

relationships through collaborative action.
ST Forward organizes an

annual Indigenous Peoples Day, monthly land restoration events at Big

Tujunga Canyon, an annual Pride Festival, and native plantings and

curriculum at local schools.
She served as Co-Artistic Director of Nuestro Lugar: North Shore, an

innovative large-scale resident-designed, culture-driven community

development project in a rural community on the Salton Sea, and she co-

founded Nomad Lab, an award-winning non-profit arts organization that

worked with Canyon Country and Newhall residents and city officials to

develop art-centered initiatives and inclusive spaces for learning,

community organizing, and grassroots change through the arts.