Title: CONGRATULATING 100 YEARS FOR MOUNT ARLINGTON FIRE DEPARTMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
129

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING 100 YEARS FOR MOUNT ARLINGTON FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate the Mount Arlington Fire Department on its 100th

anniversary.
This significant milestone represents a century of

unwavering dedication, sacrifice, and service to our New Jersey

community.
Firefighters are the first responders to danger and the backbone of

keeping our neighborhoods safe.
They represent hope and security,

safeguarding our homes and businesses while keeping our families safe.
From literally and figuratively putting out the biggest fires to

responding to medical emergencies, firefighters exemplify heroism and

commitment day in and day out.
Their bravery, resilience, and

selflessness in the face of danger have not only protected countless

lives but have also inspired the entire community.
I wish the Mount Arlington Fire Department a happy 100th anniversary.
I thank them for their sacrifices, dedication, and overall, keeping our

communities safe.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ASSISTANT TO THE SERGEANT AT ARMS, MS.
JOYCE HAMLETT

HON.
KAT CAMMACK

Mrs. CAMMACK.
Mr. Speaker, today we honor the career of Ms. Joyce

Hamlett, our beloved Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms and our ``Keeper

of the Mace.''
After nearly 5 decades of public service in the House of

Representatives and at the U.S. Capitol, Ms. Hamlett will enjoy her

well-deserved retirement as we thank her for all she's done.
In the

1980s, Ms. Hamlett started on Capitol Hill alongside her mother in the

Capitol Cafe, working first as a sandwich maker and then as a grill

cook.
Within 5 years she was promoted to hostess and handled the cash

register for thousands of visitors and hundreds of Members each week.
She later became an elevator operator at the Capitol before becoming

a security guard in the House Chamber in 1994.
In 2007, she was elected

to serve in her current role as Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms and

has served dutifully for the last 16 years.
We all love her for her strict adherence to House Rules and decorum

on the House Floor but know she's just as sweet once you get to know

her and hear all her amazing stories from her career on the Hill.
On behalf of my colleagues and Florida's Third Congressional

District, we wish Ms. Hamlett all the best in her retirement and hope

she returns to visit us and this amazing place she's served with honor

and integrity during her long career.
I congratulate Ms. Joyce Hamlett, and thank her for all she has done

to contribute to the history of this institution.
We are forever

grateful and hope she enjoys her well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOYCE HAMLETT OF BROADWAY, NORTH CAROLINA FOR HER MANY YEARS

OF DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joyce Hamlett

on her retirement from the House Office of Chamber Security and honor

her many years of faithful service to the U.S. House of Representatives

and the American people.
A native of Broadway, North Carolina, Joyce was raised in a home

where faith and integrity were cherished above all else.
These virtues

remain the guiding principles of her life and helped to define her time

here on Capitol Hill.
Joyce left North Carolina for Washington in the early 1980s to begin

a job as a sandwich maker at the Capitol Cafe.
She quickly rose through

the ranks and eventually took a position with chamber security.
She is

known for her hard work ethic and stark reputation as a no-nonsense

enforcer of the House's many rules and traditions.