She immediately got to work developing ideas to help students

in dual-enrollment programs, drafting legislation in various areas of

education, and assisting in the introduction of the LOAN and American

Teacher Acts.
Her dedication has been powerful as we have fought for the minds of

underserved and disadvantaged communities.
Oliva's commitment to

educational equity led her to complete her undergraduate degree in

Public Policy at Duke University and spend a year working as a College

Adviser with the Duke College Advising Corps.
After her service with

the Corps, she began her doctoral studies in the University of

Florida's Higher Education Administration and Policy program.
Olivia has a promising future--she will continue to make a difference

and leave her mark on education policy as she continues to fight for a

better system.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Olivia Morales for her dedication to

education and passion for a more equitable Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WORK OF CHRISTOPHER DEL BECCARO

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, I want to pay tribute to a long-time staff

member and dear friend.
Christopher Del Beccaro, who is leaving to

embark on his next adventure.
Although he will be greatly missed, I

could not be happier for the chapter of life he is about to enter with

his soon-to-be wife.
Chris has been my right-hand man, serving as Chief of Staff for the

last 4 years.
He has earned the reputation of a kind, patient.
and

dependable chief.
I could always rely upon him for intelligent, helpful

advice when it came to policy and politics.
Even more importantly, he has led my office with a sincere heart.
My

staff has often remarked on his compassion and genuine concern for

their well-being.
He brought a spirit of laughter and support in both

good times and in difficult moments.
Chris stays true to who he is and

what he believes, and I know it will bring him much success throughout

the remainder of his life.
I thank Christopher Del Beccaro for a job well done.
I am forever

grateful for the friendship and support he has given to me, the staff,

and the people of our congressional district.
I wish him and his

fiance, Evgeniya, all the best with their upcoming wedding in

Montenegro and the adventures that lie ahead.
His presence in my office will certainly be missed, but Chris will

undoubtedly continue to be a trusted advisor to me.
Once a member of

Team McCaul, always a member of Team McCaul.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MORGAN LUTTRELL

Mr. LUTTRELL.
Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, July 18, 2023, I was unable to

vote on Roll Call No.
338.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
338.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRENT ROBINSON

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Brent

Robinson and his service to Virginia's First District and the Nation.
Brent got his start on the Hill in 2002 working for my predecessor,

Jo Ann Davis.
Brent joined my office in 2007 as a Legislative

Assistant, and subsequently worked his way up to Legislative Director

and Deputy Chief of Staff.
Brent served as my chief policy advisor

during his time in my office and helped introduce key pieces of

legislation.
Over 20 years after getting his start on the Hill, Brent

has become an expert on various policy issues and an integral member of

my D.C. staff.
From meeting with constituents to managing our

legislative team, Brent has spent countless hours serving Virginia's

1st District.
Brent has been an excellent mentor; always willing to offer advice to

interns and staff.