Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we pay special tribute to

the contributions and sacrifices made by our Nation's women during

Women's History Month.
It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding

women who are making a difference in my Congressional District.
I would

like to recognize a remarkable woman,

Carolyn Ramsay of the Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles,

California.
Born in Philadelphia, Carolyn is the youngest of 5 children of Jean

and Jack Ramsay.
She attended the University of Oregon and received a

bachelor's degree in sociology in 1981.
Carolyn worked as a journalist

from 1986 to 2006 including as a magazine writer for Los Angeles Times

Magazine, Buzz Magazine, and SELF magazine, correspondent for People

Magazine, and staff writer at the Stamford Advocate.
Following her career as a journalist, Ms. Ramsay served as the

communications director and deputy chief of staff for the late Los

Angeles City Councilman Tom LaBonge from 2006 to 2011, thereafter

serving as the Los Angeles Program Director for the Trust for Public

Land from 2011 to 2012, before returning to work for Councilman LaBonge

as Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2014.
In 2018, Carolyn went on to serve

as the Executive Director for the Los Angeles Parks Foundation.
Under

her leadership, many parks in Los Angeles were improved and expanded

for people to enjoy in the years ahead.
After 5 years with the

organization, Carolyn recently retired from her position.
In addition to her illustrious career, Ms. Ramsay has always found

the time to volunteer and give back to the community.
She served on the

board of trustees of Temple Israel of Hollywood, board of advisors of

Hollywood Wilshire YMCA, and as board president of the Windsor Square

Association from 2002 to 2005, where she led the organization during

the planting of hundreds of street trees and was instrumental in the

efforts for the historic preservation of Windsor Square.
She has received several awards including Windsor Square Hancock Park

Historical Society's Leadership Award, Wilshire Community Police

Council's Lifetime Achievement Award, and in 2023 was named Nonprofit

Executive of the Year for a medium sized organization by the Los

Angeles Business Journal.
Carolyn is married to her husband, Andy Goodman, who is a public

interest consultant.
Their son, Daniel Goodman, is a podcast producer

for iHeartRadio in Los Angeles, and their daughter, Olivia Goodman, is

about to begin her third year of medical school at the Kaiser

Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine in Pasadena.
I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, well-

respected woman of California's 30th Congressional District, Carolyn

Ramsay.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
MARIE LEVINE--30TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE

YEAR

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we pay special tribute to

the contributions and sacrifices made by our Nation's women during

Women's History Month.
It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding

women who are making a difference in my Congressional District.
I would

like to recognize a remarkable woman, Dr. Marie Levine of Pasadena,

California.
Marie arrived in Pasadena in 1982 from France to attend the

California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where she received a

master's degree and a Ph.D. degree in engineering.
Upon graduation, she

joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Jet

Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), where she is still working to this day.
As a Principal Engineer, Marie's work has focused on formulating and

developing extreme precision space observatories for NASA Astrophysics

science missions.
On her latest project, the James Webb Space Telescope

(JWST), she guided the integrated modeling and simulations required to

predict the observatory's performance in space.
Because of its

complexity, JWST could not be fully tested on the ground prior to

launch, and verification of the on-orbit imaging quality and stability

had to be done primarily by computer simulations.