Joyce left North Carolina for Washington in the early 1980s to begin

a job as a sandwich maker at the Capitol Cafe.
She quickly rose through

the ranks and eventually took a position with chamber security.
She is

known for her hard work ethic and stark reputation as a no-nonsense

enforcer of the House's many rules and traditions.
She has no issue

being tough on journalists, visitors, and members alike when they step

out of line.
Yet, she also possesses a deep affection for lawmakers on

both sides of the aisle, many of whom she views as family.
All this

eventually led to her appointment as Assistant Sergeant at Arms, where

she serves in the important role as Keeper of the Mace of the House of

Representatives.
Joyce's impact on the history and character of this chamber is

without question.
I was elated to hear that, upon her retirement, she

will be moving to Sanford, North Carolina, a town in the heart of my

district.
I look forward to serving as her representative and can't

wait to welcome her into our community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Joyce Hamlett on

her retirement and to thank her for her decades of dedicated service to

this chamber.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDGE ROBERT L. MILLER, JR.
HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize and congratulate

Judge Robert L. Miller, Jr. upon his retirement from the United States

District Court for the Northern District of Indiana.
Born and raised in South Bend, Indiana, Judge Miller has served the

Hoosier state and our Nation with distinction for more than 4 decades.
Nominated to the federal bench by President Ronald Reagan, Judge Miller

is now retiring as a Senior Judge as well as a Judge of the United

States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review, a position he

was appointed to by U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts in

2020.
Some of the awards and accolades Judge Miller has been recognized

with over the course of his career are the Sagamore of the Wabash

Award, the American Inns of Court Professionalism Award for the Seventh

Circuit, and an induction into the South Bend Alumni Hall of Fame.
As John Adams famously observed, our constitutional republic is

supposed function as a ``government of laws, not of men.''
Our Nation

depends on dedicated public servants who faithfully uphold the rule of

law and ensure that Lady Justice remains blind.
Judge Miller is 1 such

person and jurist.
As he prepares to retire and write the next chapter of his life, I am

proud to congratulate Judge Miller on a distinguished career and a job

well done.
I join Hoosiers throughout the Second District and beyond in

expressing our gratitude to Judge Miller for his service and in wishing

him and his family nothing but the best going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING OLIVIA MORALES

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service and

accomplishments of Olivia Morales, my fellow who has fought to protect

and improve our education system.
A Florida native, Olivia came to my office ready to protect and

nurture the minds of all from kindergarten to post-Grad.
Within

Olivia's first few weeks in my office, her passion and intellect shined

through.
She immediately got to work developing ideas to help students

in dual-enrollment programs, drafting legislation in various areas of

education, and assisting in the introduction of the LOAN and American

Teacher Acts.
Her dedication has been powerful as we have fought for the minds of

underserved and disadvantaged communities.
Oliva's commitment to

educational equity led her to complete her undergraduate degree in

Public Policy at Duke University and spend a year working as a College

Adviser with the Duke College Advising Corps.