Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present Brian Lee Crews of Lufkin, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His service to his Nation and community speaks to the best.
A Lufkin native, Brian enlisted in the Marine Corps delayed entry program in 1980 when only a high school junior, drilling monthly with a Marine Reserve Unit in Shreveport, Louisiana throughout his last two years in high school.
In 1981, Brian reported for ``boot camp'' at Marine Corps Recruit Depot, San Diego, California; he then underwent infantry training at Camp Pendleton, California.
He served as a First Platoon Radio Operator, then transferred to Marine Reserve Unit Fox Company, 2D Battalion, 23D Marine Regiment, Salt Lake City, Utah as the Commanding Officers Radio Operator.
Transferred to the 4th Tank TOW Co., LT 4th MARDIV in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, Brian served as a squad leader, section leader, and TOW Trainer.
While in the TOW Unit, he was chosen to lead the detail charged with performing funerals/honors for Marines killed in the Beirut barracks bombing.
Brian served with the Toys for Tots campaign at all duty stations.
He attained the rank of Sergeant, receiving his honorable discharge in 1991.
He earned the Organized Marine Corps Reserve Medal, Rifle Expert (3), and Pistol Expert (3).
A Lufkin ISD ``Teacher of the Year,'' Brian has taught Graphic Design/Printing Technologies at Lufkin High School for more than 30 years.
The founding member of the Lufkin Detachment of the Marine Corps League, chartered in 2010, he was instrumental in starting the local Toys for Tots campaign in 2011 and serves as the Campaign Coordinator.
He founded the Military Association Resources Disaster Emergency Team in 2017 during Hurricane Harvey, using surplus military vehicles and equipment to provide search, rescue, and recovery during national disasters.
Brian founded and produced the Angelina County AirFest, a local aviation event with proceeds benefitting the local Toys for Tots.
He is a Paul Harris Fellow of the Rotary Club, and a LOVE INC.
Volunteer of the Year recipient.
It is my honor to award Brian L. Crews with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.