Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Devon Ades for her leadership as President of the California Trucking Association and thank her for more than 30 years of dedication to California's trucking industry.
President Ades was first introduced to the trucking industry as a child by her father, Denny Wyatt, who served as the President of the California Trucking Association (CTA) in 2010.
It was during her upbringing in the industry that President Ades realized her passion for trucking and the skill, hard work, and dedication required to succeed in the industry.
President Ades began her career, much like her father's, at Apex Logistics, LLC, before moving to Inland Kenworth, a truck dealership where she spent time working in the company's sales, finance, and insurance departments.
In 2005, she returned to Apex Logistics, where her knowledge of the industry and skillful abilities led her to become the company's Vice President in 2022.
As Vice President, Devon has consistently demonstrated an in-depth understanding of the challenges facing the industry.
This past year, CTA's Board of Directors selected Devon to be the association's newest president.
In this role, Devon oversees a vital component of California's economy and our nation's supply chain.
Truckers transport highly demanded goods from ports and suppliers to our store shelves and homes.
In the United States, truck drivers move about 71 percent of the economy's products throughout the country.
As president, she continually displays incredible leadership in the California motor carrier industry and advocates at the local, state, and federal levels to ensure sound transportation policy for her membership.
As the 68th president of the CTA, she is only the third woman to hold the position.
In her over 3 decades of involvement in the industry, President Ades has seen enormous progress in her industry.
As she leads the organization, I know she will continue to grow CTA's membership and successfully guide CTA's ``transition to the future.''