Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present retired SOCS (SEAL) David A. Knesek, USN, of Cameron, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Born in Texas, retired SEAL Senior Chief Knesek wanted only to serve his country as the ``best of the best.''
Enlisting in the Navy's Delayed Entry Program, David earned a Criminal Justice degree from Blinn College in 1994.
Passing SEAL boot camp later that year, he graduated in August 1995 from Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL (BUD/S) training at Coronado, CA with Class 200, one of only 8 of 140 candidates not failing a training segment.
Assigned to SEAL Team Eight, David earned his trident and deployed to the Mediterranean in 1996, attached to the USS Austin.
He remained at SEAL Team Eight for five years, deploying as an Ordnance Department Head to Germany in the NATO Bosnian Campaign, and with a 2000 STRIKE platoon to the Persian Gulf attached to the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower.
His eight SEAL deployments included instructor, protection, defense, and combat assault missions.
With SEAL Team Two, he deployed twice to Baghdad, Iraq and twice to Ramadi, Iraq (including integrating 63 special operations personnel into a combat team completing 54 combat operations).
In 2010 he took an instructor billet with Naval Special Warfare Group 2--but following 9/11, was asked to volunteer to take his SEAL Team Two Golf platoon to Afghanistan as Leading Chief Petty Officer.
David remained with SEAL Team Two until retiring in 2014.
His military honors include: 2 Bronze Star Medals with Valor, a Bronze Star Medal, Joint Services Commendation Medal with Valor, Joint Services Commendation Medal, four Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, three Combat Action Ribbons, and a Meritorious Unit Commendation Medal.
In 2015 David joined FTW Ranch in Barksdale, Texas, a preeminent marksmanship school training U.S. military and law enforcement groups, and hunters.
A lead instructor, David uses his training to develop tactical skills in law enforcement personnel, and better and safer hunters.
He has served as a 4-H Shooting Sports Coach.
He shares personal safety and situational awareness knowledge with his local volunteer fire department and other organizations.
David spends many hours sharing outdoors and hunting knowledge with young people and making Veterans Day presentations in local schools.
It is my honor to award retired SEAL Senior Chief David A. Knesek, ``the best of the best,'' with a Congressional Veteran Commendation from the 17th Congressional District.