Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, as a partner of the Vietnam War Commemoration, I recently had the privilege to honor Master Sergeant Willie Manning of Erwin for his distinguished career of service in the United States Air Force.
Throughout his multidecade career, Master Sergeant Manning received numerous accolades and awards from his superiors for his outstanding performance and countless mission accomplishments.
From achieving the highest level of training in his field as an ``Informational Superintendent'' to his numerous AF Commendation Medals, including for his support to the 9th AF during quality inspections of the 116th Fighter Wings' operational readiness, Master Sergeant Manning proved an invaluable member of our nation's military.
Master Sergeant Manning first began his career as a Clerk Typist in 1971.
Stationed at Dobbins Air Force Base, Master Sergeant Manning employed his expertise in quality information management for both operations domestic and abroad.
This included ensuring quality maintenance for all forms of information management, from simple communication letters to the most protected forms of classified documentation.
And revered for his leadership and computer systems expertise, when the Air Force received new technology, the Georgia State Adjutant General personally asked Master Sergeant Manning to provide the software training to his staff.
However, Master Sergeant Manning always highlights the brotherhood he shared with his comrades as a source of joy and gratitude.
In his own words, ``we had each other's back...
I could be counted on, and I knew I could count on my fellow airmen.''
He fondly remembers his experience flying with officers in F4 and F15 fighter jets as the second seater in appreciation of his administrative efforts; or his ability to pilot Cessna 125, the smallest two-seat single engine aircraft.
After 25 years of distinguished military service, Master Sergeant Manning retired from the U.S. Air Force in 1996 as a Noncommissioned Officer in Charge (NCOIC) of base administration for a fighter wing in Georgia.
Following his retirement, Master Sergeant Manning continued to use his skills to benefit his community, assisting the Chamber of Commerce and supporting his local church and nearby senior center.
I thank him for his service and sacrifice.
Interested Vietnam era veterans and their families can sign up for recognition at: <a href='https:// harshbarger.house.gov/'>https:// harshbarger.house.gov/</a>.../honoring-vietnam-veterans.