Amendment (a) to new clause 10 was tabled by  the hon.
Member for Reigate (Rebecca Paul) , who I thank for her work on the Bill Committee.
I understand the thinking behind the amendment, but I worry about  unintended consequences for patient care and protection.
I have been advised that that is the case, and I think the Minister will speak to that.
I think there is consensus across the House that, in the interests of patient safety, it is vital that there is clear and open communication, and sharing of information, between healthcare professionals in the assisted dying process.
If an employer can stop their whole workforce participating in any sort of assisted dying services, it could prevent the sharing of information or the recording of information in a patient’s records.
That could relate to safeguarding, and it could put patients at risk as a result of the employer’s decision.
Terminally ill patients may be receiving different treatment at different places and from different healthcare professionals, and it would potentially be harmful if they were not able to transfer information or records.
There are also workability issues with amendment (a) to new clause 10.
It is not clear how it would work with regard to the requirement in subsection (7) for professionals to provide information to an assessing doctor about a patient—someone whom they may have previously treated—or in relation to information about a specific condition that they may specialise in.
That information would need to be provided in the interests of patient care.
An employee will always be bound by their contract of employment, but flexibility is needed, as many health and care professionals work for multiple employers.
It is not uncommon for clinical staff to have more than one employer—for example, a doctor may be employed by the NHS but also work for a hospice—so it is not a straightforward scenario.
Just as it would be wrong for anyone to be compelled to be involved in the process, it would be wrong for anyone to be prevented from doing so, particularly if there was an impact on patient safety.
Before Second Reading, I held a public meeting where I heard a range of views from my constituents.
One thing that kept coming up was the need to protect medical professionals from being compelled to take part in assisted dying.
I am really pleased to see that being addressed in new clause 10, but does my hon.
Friend agree that having the choice to take part must go both ways for medical professionals?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We keep coming back to the word “choice”.
It is about choice for patients and terminally ill people, but it is also about choice for medical professionals and others.
Because of the unintended consequences, I cannot support amendment (a), but I am confident that new clause 10 and new schedule 1 provide robust protections for employees, regardless of their choices about participating in the provision of assisted dying services.
Would my hon.
Friend mind elaborating on the detail of the transferring of medical records?
It is my understanding that someone can request their own medical records as a patient.
The patient could request information, but so could doctors and other healthcare professionals.
It would be wrong if people were not allowed to share that information if it was requested, even if their employer did not want them to do it.
I turn now to new clause 11 and consequential amendments 64 and 65, which will ensure that the Bill is workable by making provision about the replacement of the co-ordinating doctor or the independent doctor where they are unable or unwilling to continue to carry out their functions in the Bill.
The doctor may be ill or on holiday, retire, or have a change of personal circumstances.
What concerns me about new clause 11 is that, essentially, people can shop around if one doctor is unwilling.
The hon.
Lady has given a list of reasons why a doctor might be unwilling, but surely one of the reasons could be that there is a fundamental change in a person’s circumstances and they do not want to do it.
Nothing about that is recorded.
Is it not a real weakness of new clause 11 that we do not have the passing on of evidence from one doctor to another?
This is not about eligibility; it is about the doctor’s change of circumstances, rather than the patient’s.
If the doctor decides that the person is not eligible, they will reject the application.
They would record that in the patient’s records, so it would be transparent.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress, if I may.
This is essentially about providing flexibility for doctors while ensuring continuity of care for patients, and I hope colleagues can support new clause 11.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make a little more progress, if I may, because a lot of people want to speak.
New clause 12 ensures that there is thorough reporting of instances where the co-ordinating doctor concludes that the patient does not meet the strict eligibility criteria set out in the Bill.
It is very important that this data is recorded, but at present there is no requirement for the co-ordinating doctor to produce a report when they are not satisfied about all matters set out in clause 23(5) and will not provide the person with the approved substance.
That lack of a reporting obligation does not align with the rest of the Bill—hence new clause 12, which I am sure colleagues will feel it is important to support.