Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will just finish this point, because it is very important.
I acknowledge the concerns that colleagues have expressed around this issue, and I believe they are the motivation behind amendment 14.
As I have set out, I think that risk is negligible.
I have taken advice, and there is some concern that clinicians might have difficulty assessing with certainty that the decision to stop eating and eating was the only reason for a person’s terminal prognosis; as such, some further drafting changes may be required in the other place if this amendment should pass.
With that in mind, however, and to ensure there is no sort of loophole, no matter how small the reality is of there being one, I am happy to support this amendment today.
rose— I am going to leave it there for now, if I may.
I am conscious that many colleagues wish to speak in this important debate, and I am keen to hear their contributions, so I will conclude my remarks there.
I thank colleagues for listening, and I hope they are able to support the amendments in my name today in the interests of strengthening the workability of the Bill and providing greater flexibility and safeguards for patients and professionals.
It is a privilege to speak in this place on such an important Bill.
Having been part of the Committee that scrutinised it line by line, and, on some occasions, word by word, for several months earlier this year, it is a pleasure to see so many of my colleagues from Committee Room 10 present today—a reunion of sorts.
I am here, as always, with the intention of improving the Bill, so that if it does indeed pass, vulnerable people are as protected as they can possibly be from unintended consequences.
It is important to remember that on Report and Third Reading we are not voting on whether we agree with the principle of assisting someone to end their own life.
Our role is to vote on the law in front of us—on whether the words on the page are clear and do what is intended, on whether the statutory process is safe, and ultimately on whether the provision of assisted dying benefits our community.
I am not against assisted dying in principle, but I am against this Bill.
I am happy to put it on the record now that I have no personal religious beliefs; I am against the Bill for the simple reason that it will harm far more people than it will help.
The people who will be harmed are the most vulnerable in our communities, and I am not willing to accept that collateral damage.
Today is important, because we have the opportunity to improve the safeguards in the Bill so that some of those groups are better protected.
I urge Members to take that opportunity to the full.
It requires very little skill to draft law that works for 90% of cases, but there is much skill in ensuring that the other 10% is catered for as well.
I urge everyone to set the highest standards today and think about how we can ensure that those unordinary and unexpected cases are adequately protected, too.
It really is life and death, so please do not accept anything that is not good enough.
Does the hon.
Member agree that one of the greatest risks in this Bill is around coercion?
It is not just about coercion   from family members or friends, but about societal coercion and circumstances.
The current state of palliative care in our country is among the worst in the developed world.
Without adequate palliative care, patients might feel pressure to go down the assisted dying route instead.
I wholeheartedly agree.
There is much to discuss today and there is little time, so I will start at the beginning of the Bill, at the point at which the criteria for eligibility for an assisted death are set.
It is there that important safeguards are needed to ensure that those who should never be eligible are excluded.
We should not make the mistake of assuming that a doctor will always make the right decision or that they are infallible.
It is incumbent on us to put in place law that makes it harder for them to get it wrong—that makes it harder for someone vulnerable to fall between the cracks.
The hon.
Lady has just agreed with a point made by  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed) .
Exactly the same point was made when this House voted against the Assisted Dying (No. 2) Bill back in 2015.
Would she say that in the nine years after the House voted against the Bill, we saw a golden age in palliative care as a result, or does she think that if we wait for palliative care to be perfect we might never vote in favour of assisted dying?
The evidence is clear that palliative care does not get better when assisted dying is introduced; we heard that in the Bill Committee.
We should absolutely look to address palliative care, because that will benefit more people.
I will come to that point later in my speech, so I will not discuss it any further now.
I do not want to get ahead of myself.
There are many helpful amendments in this vein—namely, new clause 16, new clause 9 and amendments 80, 14, 38, 81, 24, 30 and 31.
In simple terms, they seek to tighten and refine the eligibility criteria for an assisted death by setting out when and for what reasons an assisted death should be allowed, and by ensuring that those who are vulnerable are protected from something that may not be in their best interests.
Interestingly, on Second Reading the argument put forward for assisted death was that those who are dying should be spared unbearable pain.
This is an argument that everyone understands and has full sympathy with.
No one in this place wants people to endure pain as they come to the end of their life; I certainly would not want that for my loved ones or indeed for myself when my time comes.
But then the arguments being put forward changed.
There was less emphasis on pain, and more on choice and autonomy.
The word “autonomy” came up again and again in Committee—and autonomy is important, of course, but up to a point.
From a proposal to provide a humane end to someone’s pain when it cannot be relieved in the last months of their life, we have moved to a proposal to provide an assisted death service to those who choose it for any reason, even if the pain can be alleviated by palliative care.
This approach, however, comes with a cost to others: family, clinicians and broader society.
This really is momentous.
There is no going back from such a massive shift.
A move to autonomy trumping everything else changes everything.
That is why new clause 16, tabled by my hon.
Friend, is so important.
In other jurisdictions that have passed such laws, up to a third of people report that they have taken this step because they feel they are a burden on others.
That is the truth of it—it is not always about pain—and that is the kind of autonomy that leads to disaster.