I have tabled amendment 80, which would bring the Bill back to its original intentions.
It would require that in order to be eligible for an assisted death, the pain and discomfort experienced or expected from a person’s terminal illness could not be reasonably relieved to their satisfaction through palliative care.
It seeks to limit assisted death to the very small group of people who may benefit from it, not the larger group who just need adequate palliative care to give them the comfortable, dignified death they deserve.
The hon.
Member’s amendment speaks of “severe pain and discomfort”, but there is a reason why the medical profession has not gone for that.
How does she propose we assess severe pain and discomfort as opposed to medium pain?
Is a fungating wound part of severe pain and discomfort?
The key point is that we need to improve palliative care.
We are spending so much time and effort focusing on this Bill rather than doing the thing that would actually help more people.
My amendment 80, in combination with amendments 30 and 31 tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Runnymede and Weybridge (Dr Spencer) , would drive significant improvements to palliative and end-of-life care, getting us closer to consistent and universally available care  for all.
I support the hon.
Lady’s amendment.
As the Royal College of Psychiatrists pointed out, pain from unresolved physical symptoms and the fear of physical pain or death can make a person want to die, and depression, which is also associated with a wish to die, is often missed.
Does she agree that it is vital that people are supported to be free from pain by having access to good palliative and end-of-life care, and that the Bill’s provisions should be available only to those whom that cannot help?
I completely concur.
I commend the hon.
Lady for tabling her amendments.
Amendments that would have protected palliative care and hospices from facilitating assisted suicide services on their premises for ethical or practical reasons have been rejected, so the Bill leaves hospices with little choice but to comply.
It also puts them in a difficult position when it comes to funding.
Hospices will also have to provide a staff member to do this work.
The problems that will create for palliative care and hospices cannot be ignored.
The Bill goes against that right in its totality.
I agree, and I will come to that point in more detail in the second half of my speech.
With regard to these amendments, we are so blessed to have our precious NHS.
At vital stages, the NHS quite rightly delivers care in obstetrics, gynaecology, neonatology and paediatrics, but at the end of life about 70% of care is delivered outside the NHS, largely by charities, and that figure is even higher for children’s palliative and hospice care—so the state pays for how we enter this life, but not for how we depart it.
There is something deeply wrong about that for our society.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that surely we must address that, and  the delivery of universal palliative and hospice care, before we go anywhere near the measures in this assisted dying Bill?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I agree.
In the interests of time, I will make some progress.
The current situation, whereby fully funded palliative and end-of-life care is not available in certain postcodes, means that those unfortunate patients do not have a real choice.
We know that 25% of people who die in this country do not get the palliative care they need—that is more than 100,000 people a year—and if the Bill goes through, they will be offered a fully funded assisted death as the only reliable way to end their pain.
That is no choice.
I urge Members who want to see improvements in palliative and end-of-life care to vote for my amendment 80, and for amendments 30 and 31, tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Runnymede and Weybridge, if they are pushed to a vote.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will not because I do not have much time.
I will move on to the lack of a best interests test in the Bill, which my new clause 16 seeks to remedy.
Patient autonomy is of course important, but it must be balanced against what is in someone’s best interests.
In certain situations, when it is in their best interests, treatment can be given against a patient’s will—for example, force-feeding a young girl with anorexia.
It is not an easy balance to get right, but in the absence of any best interests test in the Bill, following the process rigidly would lead to devastating results in some cases.
The Bill currently prioritises autonomy of the patient in a specific moment of time, rather than what might be in their best interests in the long run.
It makes no allowance for the fact that someone may feel a certain way temporarily due to other considerations.
For example, when someone has just received a terminal diagnosis, it can understandably cause a depressive state and suicidal feelings, but those feelings do not necessarily last, so it may be in the best interests of the patient to allow a little time to pass, to give them a little breathing space before considering the assisted death route.
New clause 16 essentially tries to provide a best interests test by excluding certain reasons, other than the alleviation of pain, that might be driving a patient’s decision.
For example, we have heard a great deal about the internal pressure from patients themselves that is   driven by their concern not to be a burden, and we heard clearly in Committee that a patient could tell a doctor that they are want an assisted death only for financial reasons, and that would still be approved.
We know from the experience of overseas territories that patients will often opt for an assisted death because of social and welfare issues, such as being homeless.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I do not have much time and I wish to get through my points.
How can we be happy with a process that does not exclude such reasons?
Instead of providing the support that is actually needed, the state is content to put them on a pathway that leads to their death.
I hope that the House will recognise that, whether one supports assisted dying in principle or not, it is morally bankrupt not to have some kind of best interests test to protect those who are not seeking death to alleviate pain from a terminal illness.
Another group that is particularly vulnerable is those with eating disorders.
In Chelsea Roff’s oral evidence, she set out that “at least 60 people around the world have been euthanised or assisted in suicide” with “anorexia nervosa listed by name as a terminal condition.
”––[Official Report, Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Public Bill Committee,  29 January 2025 ; c. 139, Q175.]
To paraphrase her, these were young women who were not terminally ill and had decades of life ahead of them.
It is important to make the point that someone suffering— rose— rose— I would love to give way, but— Order.
The hon.
Lady has said that she is not going to give way.
We are aiming for 15 minutes for each speech, but it is going to be 20 minutes if we do not pick up the pace.
I apologise, but I do want to get through my speech.
It is important to make the point that someone suffering with anorexia, or indeed any mental condition, is not intended to be eligible for an assisted death.
However, in the case of anorexia there are physical manifestations of the illness, such as malnutrition and diabetes, that might mean the patient meets the definition of being terminally ill, and that is the nub of the problem: the Bill does not adequately rule out physical manifestations caused by mental illness.
That is why amendment 14, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Bradford West (Naz Shah) , is so important, because it would ensure that anyone who voluntarily stops eating or drinking is ineligible for assisted dying.
I support the amendment strongly as it addresses a big risk.
Lastly, on eligibility specifically, I want to talk about capacity.
There are such problems with the current approach to determining capacity that I barely know where to start.
When it comes to ending one’s own life, a higher standard should be applied.
The current definition of capacity was not created with such a monumental decision in mind, and if it were being drafted from scratch today, it would look very different.
That is one of the reasons why the Royal College of Psychiatrists does not support the Bill.
Under the Bill, a person is assumed to have capacity in the first instance.
A clinician only needs to be over 50% sure that a person has capacity.
If the person is making unwise decisions, that is not taken into account, and a person can be “helped” to make a decision—for example, when a patient has learning disabilities.
I ask all Members today whether they are happy with that.
Does that sound like a robust approach to assessing whether someone has capacity to make the decision to end their own life?
Let us begin with the starting presumption of capacity.
That, too, lacks the standard for assisted death decisions.
I therefore support amendment 24, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Bexleyheath and Crayford (Daniel Francis) , which would disapply section 1(2) of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 for the purposes of assisted dying.
One of the biggest issues for me is the fact that the current approach requires an impairment or disturbance of the brain in order for someone to be considered not to have capacity, irrespective of whether they can make a decision.
In the real world, that would mean a doctor could assess a patient who gives the impression of being confused, illogical, erratic, inconsistent—everything about them could scream that they are not in a good place to make this decision at that point in time—but they would still be considered to have capacity if there is no identifiable impairment or disturbance of their mind or brain.
That could potentially put those with depression, anxiety, learning disabilities or eating disorders, or even those just experiencing physical pain that is driving them to distraction, in danger of being considered to have capacity when they do not.
So far I have focused on eligibility.
I will now talk about hospices.
Order.
Please, I really want to get as many people in as possible.
If you can come to a conclusion, that would be helpful.
I will therefore speak to my new clauses 17 and 18, which would provide important protections for hospices, which are currently lacking in the Bill.
New clause 18 makes it crystal clear that any regulated care home or hospice can decide whether to provide assisted dying on its premises, and new clause 17 makes it clear that they cannot be subject to any detriment for not providing or permitting assisted deaths, and that their public funding cannot be conditional on their providing this service.
Whether one is in favour of assisted dying or not, we must preserve the rights of organisations, companies and charities to choose whether to offer it.
They must never be forced into it by public funding being conditional on the provision of assisted dying.
I note that new clause 10, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , would expand the protection for individuals not to participate in the assisted  dying process if they so wish.
It seeks to protect employees from being subjected to any detriment for participating or not participating in the provision of assisted dying.
This sensible protection would ensure that if an NHS hospital provides an assisted death service, any member of staff who does not want to participate would not have to do so and would suffer no detriment as a result.
However, there needs to be a sensible mechanism balancing that against the employer’s right to set their own policy on assisted dying, and that is what my amendment (a) to new clause 10 seeks to do—we have already talked about that, so I will not go over it again.
I did want to talk about process and family, but it looks like I will not have time to do that.
I will end there.
I thank you for your patience and generosity, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful that I have had the chance to speak in support of the amendments, and I look forward to hearing from other Members.
I rise to speak to new clauses 1 and 2, which stand in my name, and consequential amendment 2, and I will touch on others at the end.
These amendments—without being dismissive of those who helped me draft them—are imperfect.
Those of us who are not the promoter of the Bill have not had the support of Government drafters in tidying up the Bill.
We need to acknowledge that the Bill in front of us today is the Bill—more or less—that will or will not be passed by this House.
For any amendments made, by the point of Third Reading, that is it—there will be no further opportunity to redraft them.
Sadly, one of these amendments was rejected in Committee.
If those changes had been discussed before the original Bill was published, or even in evidence before Committee, we would have been in a better place to get that tighter drafting that is needed in making good legislation.
We are not a debating society; we are now legislating for a law that would enable the state to assist in people taking their lives.
I am sad that we are able to discuss these amendments only now.
I did not get the opportunity to be on the Bill Committee, but I commend all Members who spend so many hours discussing and debating those issues.
The ramifications of the clauses I want to talk about are important for potential users of a service, for medical professionals, for families and for other health professionals.
The Bill currently allows doctors to suggest assisted dying to a patient who has not raised it themselves.
This, I believe—as I know many others do—presents a serious risk that terminally ill patients, already highly vulnerable, will feel pressured to end their lives.
I realise that my hon.
Friend’s new clause 1 comes from a good place, but can she not see that it is inconsistent with our ethical obligations as doctors?
That is why the British Medical Association has suggested that although there should be no duty to raise the issue, neither should there be a ban on doing so.
I ask her to consider that the Australian state of Victoria initially had such a measure—a so-called gagging clause—as part of its Bill, but it was removed because it caused confusion and was detrimental to patient care.
Should we not learn from that?