I also want to thank colleagues here in Parliament—MPs and indeed staff—who have shared their personal stories of loss with me over recent months.
This is a really important point: these are real people with real stories, and they must always be at the heart of the debate.
Public support for assisted dying in this country has been consistently high for a long time now, and we have seen movement in jurisdictions around the world, including just this week in Scotland.
I congratulate colleagues in Holyrood, particularly Liam McArthur MSP, for holding such a compassionate and respectful debate, which I hope we can emulate today.
It is right that we consider this change with great care, as we are doing today.
But we should also remember, as with other big social changes such as giving women bodily autonomy on their reproductive rights or allowing gay— Order.
We did say, when we had the conversation, that there should just be an introduction to the debate very early on.
I think this is why Members are beginning to get frustrated; we should now be speaking to the amendments.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I will move on to the amendments.
If I may, I want to acknowledge the work of the Bill Committee in relation to the amendments, because a huge amount of work was done by Members from all parties, with a range of views— Order.
I am really bothered, because today is a day for amendments, and we really need to understand the views they cover.
As the Member in  charge of the Bill, you will, I am sure, really want to get into the depth of the amendments and not continue in that way.
I do indeed, Mr Speaker; you are absolutely right.
The amendments that we are discussing today build on some of the work of the Committee, and I think that is important.
We took a lot of steps to strengthen the Bill in Committee, and I was pleased to work collaboratively with colleagues in that way.
As I come on to the amendments, which have been tabled in my name, let me say that the Government are, of course, neutral on the issue of assisted dying, but have always been clear that workability is essential if the Bill is to pass.
I have worked closely with an outstanding team of civil servants from the Department of Health and Social Care and the Ministry of Justice, and it is with their technical advice on making the Bill workable and giving coherence to the statute book that I propose these amendments today.
Will the hon.
Lady confirm that those civil servants are 100% comfortable with the impact of the Bill and that people with disability, mental health issues, neurodiversity and other medical conditions will not be coerced or under pressure because of this Bill?