New clause 10, amendment 52 and new schedule 1 are tabled in my name.
As well as correcting the injustices in the legal situation, one key tenet of this Bill is choice for dying people, but it is also important that there is choice for doctors and other healthcare professionals and, indeed, anyone else.
The Bill was always clear that: “No registered medical practitioner or other health professional is under any duty…to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act”, but new clause 10 expands that protection.
It broadens the people to whom it applies and the functions to which it relates.
New schedule 1 makes provision for enforcement of this right “not to be subjected to any detriment” in connection with the Bill.
Does my hon.
Friend accept that there may be a weakness in new schedule 1, in as far as it protects a person from actions taken by their employer?
For example, it would not necessarily protect an agency worker who is contracted to perform a service, but the original medical body decides not to re-engage that person’s services.
I refer my hon.
Friend to my previous comments that the Bill and these clauses and schedules have been drafted with the highest level of legal expertise.
It is not something I anticipate being a problem.
The Bill does allow applicants to shop around for doctors, and it strikes me that there is a danger that some  doctors, who might have an ideological view of the Bill, will specialise in the provision of that service, which would give it rather greater scope than the hon.
Lady intends.
I reject the assertion that patients will shop around.
Bearing in mind that we are talking about dying people, they are not in a position to start shopping around for services, but I also agree that the Bill is strict in that regard.
There are very strict protocols that doctors will have to follow.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will just make some progress, if I may.
It is about not just patient choice but choice for professional people, too.
We know there are a range of views on assisted dying across a range of professions.
I have always been clear that no one who is uncomfortable taking part should have to, and nor should there be any detriment to anyone, whatever choice they make in whatever role they have.
It is welcome that new clause 10 seeks to protect more individuals, but can my hon.
Friend say why she has still not chosen to make provision for hospices and care homes to opt out without having their funding threatened?
There is absolutely nothing in the Bill that has any suggestion that any funding would be impacted by whatever decisions organisations make around assisted dying.
I will make some progress.
New clause 10(1) states clearly: “No person is under any duty to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act.”
That is something I feel strongly on a personal level.
If people do not want to be involved, they should not have to be involved, and those who do, should.
Subsection (5) covers pharmacists and pharmacy technicians and new schedule 1 provides comprehensive employment protections, so I hope that whatever colleagues’ views are on assisted dying, they will see the value of these changes and support them.