Amendments 57 and 61 are essentially tidying-up amendments that modify the wording of the Secretary of State’s duty to set out training requirements in clauses 7 and 10.
That fits with the intervention from  the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) .
Training is of paramount importance within the assisted dying process, and there will be a period of years in which anyone who opts in to be part of this process will have thorough and robust training.
Due to amendments made in Committee, with very good intention, the current wording suggests that the regulations themselves must include details about training.
That obviously does not make sense and would be unworkable, as it would have to be done separately.
Similarly, amendment 58 removes unclear drafting as a result of changes made in Committee that could have the effect that the regulations have to contain training about training, which obviously does not make sense.
Amendments 59, 52, 74 and 62 are also tidying-up amendments that are necessary as a result of the introduction of compulsory training for all doctors and panel members in domestic abuse and coercive control, following amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lowestoft (Jess Asato) , which the Bill Committee voted unanimously to accept.
Amendment 74 ensures that the term “domestic abuse” in the Bill has the same meaning as in the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
It clarifies the definition of “domestic abuse” and ensures that the term is consistent with existing legislation.
It provides for a very broad definition to capture the full range of behaviours, including physical or sexual abuse, violent or threatening behaviour, controlling or coercive behaviour, economic abuse, and psychological, emotional or other abuse.
It does not matter whether the behaviour consists of a single incident or a course of conduct.
These really important amendments address concerns about coercion and provide additional layers of safeguarding within the Bill.
As such, I hope colleagues support them.
Amendment 60 makes provision, corresponding to the provision in clause 12 about the death or illness of a doctor from whom a second opinion is sought, for a further referral to be made where, before reporting, the independent doctor dies through illness, or is unwilling or unable to act.
The amendment once again ensures continuity of care and is an important detail to add to the Bill.
Amendments 67 and 68 clarify the provision of clause 23 in cases where an approved substance requires administration via a medical device.
The current drafting of the clause is not clear about whether it is allowable to administer the approved substance via a device, which it is.
The amendment provides clarity for clinicians.
Amendment 91 expands the duty on what must be included in the final statements of patients accessing assisted dying services.
It includes additional information to be collected, including whether the person has a disability other than a disability consisting of the illness or disease which caused them to be terminally ill.
Data collection and analysis is an important part of the robust monitoring and reporting built into the Bill.
Amendments 78 and 79 relate to the decisions of the multidisciplinary voluntary assisted dying panels, as  set out in schedule 2—an important change made in Committee.
Each panel comprises a legal expert, a social worker and a psychiatrist.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists states that it does not feel that, at this moment in time, there are sufficient psychiatrists able to take up a position on such a panel.
What response does my hon.
Friend have to that?