Under the £3 billion loan that Thames Water has negotiated, the first drawdown of £1.5 billion will be on  30 June , which is less than four weeks away.
That is contingent on Thames Water having a lock-up agreement in respect of a recapitalisation transaction, but it now has no partner to provide that.
It of course chose to proceed with just one option, which has now walked away.
Who does the Secretary of State think that Thames Water will now turn to—it is not exactly going to be negotiating from a position of strength—and what are the Government going to do if it cannot meet that  30 June  deadline?
There remains a market-led solution on the table, and we expect Thames Water to follow through with the process to ensure it is able to fix the problems it is currently facing.
My constituents and other Thames Water users are fed up to the back teeth with having to pay more to help this company, which has failed them so badly.
Obviously, the Secretary of State has to have special administration on the table, but we know that would be hugely costly to the taxpayer.
I know it is hard to talk about hypotheticals, but if he does go down that route, will he have the cost to individual customers front and centre, so they do not actually have to pay more for that process?
Yes, I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I share her anger at the fact that bill rises were so high this year, but that is because the Conservative party did not take the necessary action to ensure that the water system was properly maintained.
As anyone  who has ever owned or lived in a house will know, if people see a crack in a wall and leave it for 10 years without fixing it, the problem gets much worse and the cost of repairing it is much more.
In a very real sense, the public have been left to pay the price of Tory failure.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the Government will ensure that Thames Water stands by its commitment to upgrade our sewage network in South Buckinghamshire?
Specifically, will he ensure that the upgrade promised for the Little Marlow sewage treatment works in my constituency is delivered on time?
I am happy to give the hon.
Member that reassurance.
The Government expect Thames Water to carry through on the full range of programmes agreed as part of the last price review process.
My constituents have been comprehensively failed by Thames Water for many years.
We saw the catastrophic flood in Herne Hill in 2013, when many local businesses had to close permanently.
Vulnerable customers were let down during the “beast from the east” freeze-thaw event, being left without water for days and days at a time.
There are endless roadworks in the same locations where it has repeatedly failed to invest adequately in its infrastructure.
Now my constituents are seeing bills go up by way more than the Ofwat determination.
It is clear that this organisation is not fit for purpose.
What options is my right hon.
Friend considering to bring this misery to an end, and to put customers back at the heart of Thames Water’s operations?