Somerset Youth Justice Service recently got a “requires improvement” rating from His Majesty’s inspectorate of probation.
The situation is clearly damaging young offenders’ chances of rehabilitation, so what steps is the Department taking to improve SYJS and support young offenders in Somerset?
The hon.
Lady draws attention to an important issue.
Inspections are significant in identifying where additional support and effort are needed.
The Department will do everything it can to give proper support to Somerset Youth Justice Service.
Does the Minister agree that probation services in North Down and across the UK often exceed their duties, providing extensive support to individuals in need?
Furthermore, does he agree that it is essential to allocate resources for substance abuse treatment, so that young offenders have access to personalised services?
I agree wholeheartedly.
It is very important that substance abuse is properly tackled.
Probation services and youth offending teams do a lot of work in that space.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of domestic abuse.
The Government are taking action to support victims of domestic abuse and violence.
We are ensuring stronger management of domestic abuse perpetrators through new domestic abuse protection orders and the increased multi-agency management of domestic abusers; that is being expanded to those convicted of coercive and controlling behaviour.
In response to the sentencing review published last week, I committed to further protections for victims, including the roll-out of domestic abuse specialist courts and better identification of domestic abuse perpetrators.
My constituent was subject to financial, physical and emotional abuse by her ex.
She was also cyber-stalked; her social media accounts were hacked for details of her location, and for information about their children.
Despite being granted a non-molestation order and a prohibited steps order, she was unable to compile sufficient evidence of the cyber-stalking to be granted a stalking protection order.
Speaking to her, her fear is palpable.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that victims are supported in compiling the evidence that they need for a stalking protection order?
I am very sorry to hear of the experiences of the hon.
Lady’s constituent; it is clearly a horrifying case, and my sympathies are with her.
Given that stalking protection orders are relatively new, there is a case for continually examining whether their roll-out is working as intended.
They are primarily a Home Office responsibility, but there are amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill, which is going through the House, that are designed to strengthen these orders.
If the hon.
Lady will write to me, I will ensure that she has a meeting with the relevant Minister to talk through the specifics of the case that she has raised, and the lessons that can be learned as we strengthen these orders for everyone.
In April, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner warned that without additional funding, London will see a sustained increase in violence against women and girls.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has been working tirelessly to fix the broken system left by the Conservatives, but if we do not get that support in London, women will go unprotected.
Will she commit to working with colleagues in the Home Office and the Treasury to ensure that the Met can keep women safe in my constituency and across London?
Of course, we work closely with colleagues in the Home Office and the Treasury.
The Government will shortly publish the outcome of the spending review, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that all colleagues across Government are committed to our mission to halve violence against women and girls, for victims not just in London but across the country.
I will ensure that we engage with Members across the House on this matter as well.
What steps her Department is taking to help to reduce reoffending by people on probation.
We inherited a justice system in crisis, with prisons churning out better criminals, not better citizens, and we know that 80% of offenders are reoffenders.
Last week, I announced measures to toughen up community punishment, which results in lower reoffending rates than short custodial sentences.
We will also increase probation investment to manage offenders in the community safely.
Will the Lord Chancellor outline the steps being taken to recruit and retain probation officers, and to ensure that they have manageable caseloads and that their morale is improved?
What programmes or partnerships are in place to help those on probation to access stable accommodation, and employment, training or education, so that they can go through the rehabilitation process and reduce their chances of reoffending?
We are investing in probation.
Funding will increase by £700 million by the final year of the spending review.
That is a 45% increase in annual budgets, which will fund further recruitment on top of the 1,300 officers we will recruit this year and the 1,000 officers we recruited in the previous year.
That will support our investment in services that rehabilitate offenders and cut crime.
The Lord Chancellor admitted in a recent interview with The Times that her sentencing reforms will create “inevitable tensions” with the Government’s efforts to halve knife crime and rates of violence against women and girls.
It sounds like she does not really believe in these reforms, which have been trotted out by David Gauke, the Prisons Minister in the other place and the Prison Reform Trust.
Does the Lord Chancellor realise that none of them is elected, and that if this package fails to keep our streets safe and restore the criminal justice system, the country will hold her and this Government to account?
I think the country will hold to account those responsible for the absolute mess that this Government inherited.
Nowhere in the right hon.
Gentleman’s question did he acknowledge that under the Government of which he was a member and for which he campaigned, prisons were brought to the brink of collapse.
These reforms are necessary.
This Government will not allow our prisons to run out of places—the one thing everybody agrees we cannot allow to happen.
The only reason that is a possibility is because of the Tory party.
When the Minister of State for Courts and Legal Services plans to meet the hon.
Member for Horsham’s constituent Andrew Turner to discuss locked child trust funds.
I am well aware of the hon.
Gentleman’s campaign to support young adults who lack mental capacity in accessing their child trust fund.
I know that he met my predecessor, and following work that I am carrying out with counterparts in other Departments, I will be very pleased to meet him.
My constituent has been through no fewer than eight Justice Secretaries, looking for a solution to the problem of locked child trust funds; he has had to start over again each time from scratch.
Will the Minister give me and Mr Turner a clear understanding of what exactly the legal impediment is to a solution, and of what part of Government the objection is coming from, so that we can make a legal challenge to it, if necessary?
The hon.
Member will understand, as will Mr Turner, that we have to balance the desire to support young adults who lack capacity in accessing what is their property by right with the need to ensure that everybody who needs to access those child trust funds has the proper legal authority to do so.
Safeguards need to be in place, not least to ensure that those vulnerable adults are protected from economic abuse.
That is why we must work very carefully across Government to ensure that those protections are kept in place.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure adequate monitoring of the community accommodation service tier 3.
We inherited a system in which far too many people leave prison with no fixed address.
Individuals in community accommodation service tier 3 are risk-assessed by probation and subject to ongoing monitoring.
Suppliers work closely with probation to deal robustly with any behavioural concerns posed by residents.
Thanet House in Leatherhead has rightly been withdrawn from the CAS3 scheme following serious concerns, including about drug dealing, antisocial behaviour and safeguarding risks.
Despite raising my constituents’ concerns numerous times, I have received no response from the probation delivery unit.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that robust monitoring and clear accountability are in place across all CAS3 properties, and commit to ensuring that the Probation Service responds promptly to concerns raised by MPs and local residents?
It is important that the Probation Service deals with any concerns promptly and effectively.
The Department wrote to the hon.
Lady on  20 April  with further details in relation to her concerns, and Thanet House was withdrawn from the scheme on  20 May .
What discussions she has had with victims’ groups on the early release of violent offenders.
What discussions she has had with victims groups on the early release of violent offenders.
A victims’ representative was on the panel that conducted the independent sentencing review, which gathered views from victims and survivors.
I personally met a number of victims and victim groups and fed their views directly back to David Gauke.
Those serving sentences for more serious sexual and violent offences will spend at least 50% of their sentence in custody.
The Victims’ Commissioner says that the early release of prisoners risks victim safety, so will the Lord Chancellor explain why she is putting violent offenders ahead of victims?
That is not the case.
What would be failing victims is if our criminal justice system got to the point of collapse and we did not have prison places for violent offenders.
This Government are getting on with reforming our criminal justice system.
We are putting victims at the heart of it to protect them, and are making sure that we never run out of prison places again.
The Prisoners (Disclosure of Information about Victims) Act 2020, otherwise known as Helen’s law, should prevent the early release of murderers who do not disclose the location of their victims’ remains.
However, there are loopholes in the law in cases where the murderer makes a disclosure but no remains are found, as happened in the case of Jean Taylor’s daughter, Chantel.
Will the Minister meet me and Jean Taylor, who founded the charity Families Fighting for Justice, to close those loopholes?