Brave prison officers are under attack, and I am warning again that, if the Government do not act now, an officer will be killed on the Justice Secretary’s watch.
After the Southport killer, Axel Rudakubana, allegedly attacked an office with boiling water, he is now bingeing on treats such as Maltesers and Pringles.
When will the Justice Secretary strip Rudakubana and monsters like him of those privileges and put them in solitary confinement?
When will she finally have the backs of all our brave prison officers, by giving each and every one the protection that they need in the form of high-collar, stab-proof vests, and not just a privileged few in the most limited circumstances?
Let me give the shadow Secretary of State a much-needed education, because he appears not to know that under the Tory Government violence  on staff in our prisons soared and experienced officers left in droves because of it.
That is the inheritance I received, and that is the mess that this Government are clearing up.
He will know that I have already acted on suspending the use of self-cook facilities, and Jonathan Hall is looking into the HMP Frankland attack.
I have made the announcement on body armour, and I will not hesitate to take any further action, but unlike him I will not take “headline-grabbing” measures, just for the sake of a headline.
Order.
Can I just say to both Front Benchers that Back Benchers also have to get in?
Topical questions have to be short and punchy.
Please, let us stick to the script.
If the right hon.
Member wants to ask longer questions, he should come in earlier—I could have picked the questions where he could have been brought in.
Last month, nine countries wrote to the Council of Europe calling for urgent reform of the European convention on human rights to tackle the migration crisis.
The UK was conspicuously absent, and instead the Attorney General has likened critics of the ECHR to the Nazis.
The Justice Secretary is reported in the press to find Lord Hermer “very frustrating”, and “personally unbearable”.
Well, Mr Speaker, we might have found an area of cross-party consensus, but why did the Justice Secretary not sign the letter?
Are the Government irrelevant, or are she and the Prime Minister defending a broken system?
Again, if the shadow Secretary of State ever paid any attention to detail, he would know that that letter was sent by EU member states and we are no longer a member of the European Union.
Let me assure him that I am absolutely committed to considering the wider picture of our human rights law and I will not hesitate to take action where I need to.
The  backlog of Crown court cases in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight reached an eight-year high last year, which has had a huge impact on victims and defendants in Aldershot and Farnborough who are struggling to get on with their lives.
What steps is the Minister taking to reduce delays in local justice for my constituents?
This Government inherited record and rising backlogs.
As my hon.
Friend described, the human cost of that is victims waiting longer and longer for their day in court.
We have acted swiftly, increasing magistrates’ sentencing powers, but fundamental reform is needed, which is why we asked Sir Brian Leveson to undertake his review.
He will be reporting shortly and we will take his package of fundamental reforms forward, to ensure that we have reform of our Crown courts and swifter justice for victims.