For the first time, the Sentencing Council has published immigration sentencing guidelines.
They water down sentences passed by Parliament, which means that hundreds of illegal migrants every year will avoid the threshold for automatic deportation.
Once again, the Justice Secretary’s officials were in the meeting and waved the guidelines through, and I have the minutes to prove it.
Has the Justice Secretary lost control of her Department once again, or is it the case that, as the Defence Secretary said on Sunday, this Government have simply “lost control” of our borders?
No; what this Government are doing is cleaning up the almighty mess left to us by the previous Government, of which the right hon.
Gentleman was a member.
He knows full well that I have already signalled an intention to review the powers of the Sentencing Council.
We have an upcoming sentencing Bill, and I will take the action that he and his Government never did in 14 long years.
[Interruption.]
He has suddenly found his voice—he did not have it for a decade or more.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of the third report of the Justice Committee of Session 2022-23 on IPP sentences, HC 266, published on 22 September 2022.
We continue to support IPP offenders through our updated action plan, which contributed to a 9% decrease in IPP offenders in prison in the last year, but we will not put public protection at risk.
The Prisons Minister in the other place and I continue to meet regularly with MPs, peers and other stakeholders to work together on supporting this cohort.
It is 12 and a half years since IPP sentences were described as “not defensible” and were abolished for offenders, but 2,852 people remain incarcerated under these sentences—just 74 fewer than in June 2022.
When the Justice Committee reported in 2022, its key recommendation was that the Government legislate to enable a resentencing exercise for these individuals.
Will the Minister please set up an expert committee to at least advise on how to bring forward a resentencing exercise urgently?
It is right and proper that IPP sentences were abolished.
Various organisations have considered resentencing.
None of them has identified  an approach that would not involve releasing offenders whom the Parole Board has determined pose too great a risk to the public.
We do not wish to give false hope to those serving the sentence by establishing an expert panel, but we will continue to work robustly with this group and do everything in our power to address the problem that we recognise.
What steps her Department is taking to help support ex-offenders into employment.
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious.
The aim is to reduce the number of women going to prison.
Our Women’s Justice Board will support that.
The independent sentencing review’s recommendations—[Interruption.]
I am on the wrong question; apologies.
[Interruption.]
Well, you got a preview of the next answer, Mr Speaker.
We are committed to ensuring that offenders leave prison with the jobs and skills needed to lead law-abiding lives.
That is why we have launched regional employment councils, which for the first time bring businesses together with prisons, probation and the Department for Work and Pensions to support offenders in the community.
We got there eventually!
Employment is crucial to reducing reoffending, and data shows that offenders who are employed within six weeks of leaving prison have a reoffending rate around half of those out of work.
Will the Minister outline how the regional employment councils, including in Southport and the Liverpool city region at large, will help to drive down reoffending?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that securing employment is known to reduce the risk of reoffending significantly.
The Minister for prisons in the other place has led a business with a track record of getting offenders into employment, and I understand that National Highways is starting to build strong partnerships as chair of the employment councils in Manchester, Merseyside and Cheshire.