Does the Secretary of State agree with Thames Water’s own expert adviser Teneo—on page 193 of the expert advice report—that the ultimate cost to the Government if the company goes into special administration will be zero?
The point is that there is a market-led solution on the table and I expect Thames Water to follow through on that.
It is possible for an American private equity company to walk away from Thames Water, but my constituents cannot.
When water company bosses fail, it is our residents who pay: in sewage discharged into rivers and in their crumbling pipes and drainage.
I am therefore glad that the Government have taken bonuses off of failing bosses, but what more can the Government do to tilt incentives towards investment in our infrastructure so that my constituents get some relief?
The problems that my hon.
Friend points to are to do with a lack of investment throughout the entire period of the previous Government, so I was delighted that just before Christmas we secured a commitment to £104 billion of private sector investment.
That is the single biggest investment in our water sector in its entire history and will be the second biggest private sector investment into any part of the economy under this Government.
We are serious about clearing up the Conservatives’ sewage mess.
Thames Waters is a massive stakeholder in my constituency, and the biggest landowner.
We have half of London’s drinking water in four raised reservoirs and we have a fair chunk of the Thames, from Staines to Sunbury.
For 11 months now, I have been trying to get a meeting with Thames Water.
I appreciate that it has had one or two other things on its mind recently, but can the Secretary of State use his good offices to encourage Thames Water to meet me?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman; the water companies—Thames Water and all the others—should of course engage with MPs who are seeking to represent the interests of their constituents.
I would be very happy to approach Thames Water on his behalf to ensure that he gets the meeting he seeks.
My constituents, like those of my colleagues, are gravely concerned about the increase in their water bills, but I am also as concerned as them about the impact on business.
Crayford town centre was closed again last month—the third year on the trot—because of rotting infrastructure.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give to my constituents that no matter what happens, we will continue to invest in infrastructure to ensure that those kinds of closures finally end?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the action we have taken through the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 to give the regulator the power it needs to ban the unjustified bonuses that water bosses were able to pay themselves under the previous Government.
The era where they could profit from pollution ended when that Government ended.
The Green party has campaigned for the public ownership of water since the year dot, unlike certain cynical opportunists behind me on the Reform Benches.
We know allowing privatised monopolies to control water leaves infrastructure crumbling, waterways running with sewage, sky-high bills, and shareholders laughing all the way to the bank.
Given this obscene and fundamental failure, why will the Government not even consider bringing water back into public hands, where it belongs?
The problems facing the water sector are to do with failures of governance and regulation.
We need to tackle the actual problems, not the imagined ones.
If we were to seek to nationalise the water sector, that would cost in excess of £100 billion that would have to be taken away from services such as the national health service or education.
It would take years to unpick the current model of ownership, during which time there would be no investment and water pollution would get worse.
From the example of Scotland, we know that nationalisation is not the answer, because there are also problems with pollution there.
We will ensure that our priority is pure water, not the purity of the hon.
Lady’s ideology.
As Thames Water dumped sewage into the Cut and the Blackwater in my constituency, the Conservative Government washed their hands not in it, but of it.
This Government are acting to ban bonuses, to issue the biggest fine we have seen from Ofwat and to bring in criminal liability.
As we seek more action to get to grips with the Thames Water crisis, will the Secretary of State commit to putting two things at the forefront of his mind: first, our  environment and cleaning the sewage; and, secondly, making sure that customers and our constituents get a fair deal?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that we have launched 81 criminal investigations into water companies for pollution and other failings—a dramatic increase on what we inherited from the previous Government.
I am sure he will recall that they cut the resources to the regulator in half.
Despite the appalling financial inheritance, we increased resources by 9% at the Budget and we have now introduced the polluter pays principle, so that where there is a successful prosecution of a water company, that company will pay the price of the investigation, so that further investigations and prosecutions can follow.
Thames Water is teetering on the brink, investors are running for the hills and my constituents are paying the price for its mismanagement through soaring bills.
All the while, it is spending hundreds of millions of pounds on a proposed sewage recycling project at Teddington lock on the River Thames in my constituency, which will at best be used every two years and which some cynics suggest is designed entirely to boost its balance sheet.
This morning, the Secretary of State committed to my constituent Ian McNuff that he would come and visit the site to look at the impact of the proposed project.
Will he reiterate that commitment today?
My hon.
Friend and neighbour  the Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)
and I would be delighted to welcome him.
As I said to the hon.
Lady’s constituent, I would be happy to visit if my diary allows.
In any case, I would be very happy to ensure she gets a meeting with the Minister for Water to discuss her concerns around Teddington.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it comes to something when the Opposition seem to be suggesting that Thames Water should maybe not be sanctioned, because that may put its preferred bidder at risk, when it had rejected others?
Jon Cunliffe suggested stronger regulation, not weaker.
Is it not clear that the direction that this Government are going in must be the right one?
I agree.
The whole mess we inherited was due to the previous Government letting the water companies get away with it; people were paying themselves multimillion-pound bonuses as they profited from pollution.
That ended when the Conservative Government were defeated.
We are putting the water companies under tough special measures and we will focus them on serving their customers and the environment, not themselves.
Does the Secretary of State think that the situation might improve if Thames Water executives were obliged to sign up to performance-related pay?
That is a very interesting proposal.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will suggest it to Sir Jon Cunliffe, who is currently looking at a better way to regulate.
I note the Secretary of State’s reluctance to entertain public ownership, but I draw his attention to research from the University of Greenwich that shows that bringing water into public ownership would pay for itself within about seven years and that, after that, it would save the public purse up to £2.5 billion a year.
Is the Secretary of State aware that immediately bringing Thames Water into special administration and permanent public ownership would cut the company’s massive debt mountain in half, stop the payment of huge dividends and debt payments into the future, and within just several years actually start turning a profit for the people of this country?
I beg to slightly correct my hon.
Friend.
Special administration is not nationalisation and nationalisation would cost in excess of £100 billion—money we would have to take away from other public services to hand to the bosses of the water companies who caused this mess in the first place.
I do not think taxpayers would welcome that.
I received a note in my inbox today from the Government engagement lead for north Thames valley that says that Thames Water will run out of money in summer 2026.
Will the Government commit to taking Thames Water into special administration and unburden the company of its debt via its creditors, or will Members be required to block their diaries for summer 2026 for another recess recall?
As I am sure the hon.
Gentleman is aware, there are procedures to follow that would require any regulated company to go into special administration.
As things stand, Thames Water remains stable and there is a market-led solution on the table.
We expect Thames Water to follow through on that.
This is another example of the previous Government’s failure to get a grip of our water system.
Meanwhile, just last week this Government fined Yorkshire Water £350,000.
My constituents are really upset to see their water bills going up.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that he will never let our national infrastructure get as bad as those on the Conservative Benches did?
Absolutely; we intend to clear up the mess the previous Government made.
The fine that my hon.
Friend refers to—indeed, there have been others—is the result of the additional criminal investigations we have launched, which follow on from the additional resources we have given the regulator so that it can investigate what is going wrong and then take action.
What a difference between this Labour Government, who are putting our water companies under special measures, and the previous Government, who let them get away with it and line their pockets.
I find it deeply depressing to hear the Secretary of State say that somehow or other there is a market solution there for Thames Water.
We have had 35 years of excessive profits, pollution and rising bills.
He knows he will have to take Thames Water into public ownership at some point.
He quotes this strange figure of £100 billion in compensation, but surely if we took it into public ownership, Parliament would set the price at which we would purchase the  company, taking into account excessive profits, pollution, damage and the destruction of so many people’s lives through the way Thames Water has behaved.
Will the Secretary of State be tough with it for once and say that water is a human right, and that it should be publicly owned and publicly run?
Water is indeed a human right, which is why this Government are taking every step necessary to sort out the broken water system that we inherited from the previous Government.
The situation at Thames Water is deeply disturbing, and in my constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle—the home of Surfers Against Sewage—there is now deep anxiety that this commercial insecurity will spread.
With only three prosecutions and no meaningful penalties under the previous Government, is it not clear that the Conservatives prioritised the polluters instead of protecting the environment and customers?