What assessment she has made of the potential merits of reviewing sentencing for peaceful protesters.
It is a long-standing tradition in this country that people are free to peacefully protest and demonstrate their views provided they do so within the law.
When people break the law, sentencing is a matter for the courts, which have a range of powers to deal with offenders effectively and appropriately.
Peaceful protest is a cornerstone of a functioning and healthy democracy, but people in Stroud and across the country felt that the legislation passed by the Conservatives in 2022 limited the right to peacefully protest.
One of my constituents, Adam Beard, with whom I have worked for over five years in my GP surgery, was convicted and sentenced to a year in prison for planning a peaceful protest.
Given all the prison overcrowding, will the Minister consider whether peaceful protesters could at least avoid custodial sentences?
The right to peacefully protest is a cornerstone of our democracy, as my hon.
Friend rightly says, and this Government will protect and preserve that right.
The post-legislative scrutiny of the Public Order Act 2023 began this month, and we will carefully consider the results of that review, along with the recommendations of the independent sentencing review.
While we might not agree with their methods, peaceful protests can take many forms, including the burning of religious  texts.
Does the Minister agree that freedom of expression must be protected and that any move by Parliament or the courts to introduce a blasphemy law would undermine it?
The hon.
Member will be reassured to know that we do not have a blasphemy law in this country, and that is the right and proper position.
If she will take steps to allow humanist celebrants to conduct legally binding weddings.
Humanists have long campaigned to conduct legally binding weddings, and we are grateful for the contribution they make to our society.
Marriage is an important institution and we have to consider any changes carefully.
The Government will set out our position on weddings reform in due course.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I understand that Ministers are focused on wider marriage reform, but there is a much quicker and simpler process by which to enable humanist marriages, which is to act on the High Court ruling of 2020 that the current law is discriminatory.
Will Ministers therefore lay an order so that humanist couples and celebrants can have legal recognition for their ceremonies in line with their beliefs, the same as their religious counterparts?
No one will be more excited to don a hat for the first legally binding humanist wedding than me.
However, we must consider whether legislating to provide for humanist marriage would introduce further differential treatment in this complex area of law.
That is why we need to make sure that we take the time to get this right.
It would also not address other issues in marriage law that affect all groups.
As a responsible Government, we have to consider this before we set out our position.
I appreciate that means that the hon.
Lady will have to wait just a little bit longer.
What steps her Department is taking to support the operation of HMP Lewes.
Since the disappointing inspection in 2023, healthcare improvement funding has been put in place, as has mobile phone detection equipment to disrupt illicit activity.
HMP Lewes’s most recent inspection in 2024 was encouraging and highlighted the strengths of the invigorated leadership team.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service is continuing to closely monitor and support the prison.
The latest inspection of HMP Lewes found that levels of violence, self-harm and drug use remain notably worse than at other reception prisons, with just one third of prisoners engaged in education or employment and many spending as little as two hours a day out of their cells.
While the new governor has been praised for making some real improvements, the prison  is still described as being “trapped in a cycle” of boredom, short-staffing and drug misuse.
What specific steps are the Government taking to support the governor’s efforts, to ensure that these early improvements can be turned into lasting change?
It is important that HMPPS continues to monitor the prison carefully, and the chief operating officer’s visit on  7 May  found a number of further improvements.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to write to me, I can send him a full update on the actions being taken in relation to that prison.
On the topic of prison operations, we need effective scrutiny of privatised contracts for prison maintenance because those contracts have been detrimental for prisons.
Will the Minister release the last Government’s report recommending more privatisation of prison maintenance, suitably redacted if necessary, for full transparency and to avoid any accusations of a cover-up?
My hon.
Friend will be well aware that a lot of the information is commercially confidential, but we are investing up to £300 million in 2025-26 to keep our prisons are safe and secure, and we have a prison estate conditions survey programme in place to better understand our estate.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of increasing support for rehabilitation programmes.
A key priority of this Government is that our prisons rehabilitate offenders, making them better citizens rather than better criminals.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to the fantastic prison staff, who mentor and support prisoners in custody every day.
I saw at first hand the benefit of the creating future opportunities programme when I visited HMP Humber in April.
Prisons have an important role in protecting the public and punishing criminals, but they are also vital to rehabilitation.
Given that around half of prisoners reoffend within a year of being released, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that programmes to address mental health, addiction and education are not only available, but effective and consistently delivered across the prison estate, including in our prison in Winchester?
The hon.
Member is right to emphasise all those programmes.
They are clearly extremely important, and we publish and monitor a range of performance metrics linked to rehabilitative programme delivery, including employment at six weeks and six months post-release, or at the start of a community order, and engagement with substance misuse treatment.
All those measures are in place and are properly monitored, but as always, there is more to be done in this area.
In my constituency of Mid Dunbartonshire, the community justice team are having some success in preventing reoffending by working with offenders in a trauma-informed way.
Given the success of that trauma-informed approach to rehabilitation, what discussions has the Minister had regarding the differing approaches that are taken to offender rehabilitation across the UK?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the good work going on in her constituency.
As I said, I saw trauma-informed activity in operation at HMP Humber.
It is something we need to learn from across the prison estate.
Dyslexia is vastly over-represented in the prison population.
While 10% of the general population are dyslexic, it is thought that as many as half of all prisoners have dyslexia.
Does the Minister consider rehabilitation programmes to effectively meet the specific needs of dyslexic prisoners?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight dyslexia, and neurodiversity is common among people in our prisons.
That is why we have neurodiversity officers in each prison to ensure that we are doing our very best for these people so that they can be rehabilitated and become better citizens when they come out of prison.
The former chief inspector of prisons said that LandWorks in my constituency “provides one of the best examples in the country of how we can reduce reoffending, turn lives around and prevent future victims.”
Its reoffending rate is just 6%.
The Government have announced £2.3 billion towards prison builds over the next two years.
When will they commit to investing in projects like LandWorks that can radically reduce the prison population, transform the lives of offenders and cut crime?
Third sector organisations like LandWorks deliver valuable rehabilitation, wellbeing support and advocacy services across England and Wales, and they partner effectively with HMPPS in many different ways.
The work of key organisations like the one the hon.
Member mentions is incredibly important and essential in reducing reoffending, and we continue to invest in it.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss the matter further and see what more can be done.
Lack of work is a key driver of reoffending.
Derby medical manufacturing company Pennine Healthcare has some offenders who work for the company on day release, but it is exploring a project to manufacture in prisons, providing skills and potential work on release.
Does the Minister agree that, rather than the continuing revolving  door of reoffending, we need to ensure that there is both punishment and meaningful rehabilitation?
May I invite the Minister to visit and learn more about the project?
My hon.
Friend highlights yet another piece of excellent work that is going on across our prison estate in partnership with other organisations.
Again, if she writes to me, I would be happy to allow my diary manager to see how my diary is performing.
The north-east charity Nepacs runs departure lounges across prisons in the north-east, including at HMP Holme House, which serves Teesside.
Its work is critical in giving prison leavers a central point of support to prevent reoffending and help them reintegrate into society, but the Probation Service has cut its funding and it faces closure.
Will the Minister meet me to talk about how the increased funding that we are providing to the Probation Service can be used to protect this vital service?
My hon.
Friend highlights another excellent piece of work that is going on, and the difficulties in ensuring that funding is effectively used as we move forward in a difficult situation due to the funding inheritance that we had from the previous Government.
If he writes to me about that particular case, I will be very happy to meet him.
Prison has two purposes: rehabilitation and punishment.
We need offenders to pay back to the communities and individuals they have harmed.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s actions to punish offenders in the community.
Can I give him a list of all the potholes that need filling in Norfolk?
My hon.
Friend can write to me with his list of potholes, and we will see what we can do.
What discussions she has had with the Sentencing Council on sentencing guidelines for immigration offences.
Ministers meet regularly with the chair of the Sentencing Council.
On the specific guidelines for immigration offences, the hon.
Member will know that they set a minimum sentence, but no maximum.
Judges can still sentence as they see fit within the limits of what the law allows, and foreign criminals can still be deported, even if they are sentenced to less than 12 months.
As the shadow Justice Secretary heard when he visited on Friday, criminal gangs are imposing a significant cost on Hillingdon, which has the highest level of asylum seekers per capita of any local authority, because the council has to support asylum seekers who have been smuggled into the UK.
What plans does the Justice Secretary have to ensure that we have tougher sentences that are fit for purpose, so that our communities do not face this burden in the future?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I and colleagues in the Justice Department are working closely with our colleagues in the Home Department to make sure that we have a joined-up approach to tackling the issues he has raised.
He knows that asylum is primarily a policy issue for the Home Secretary, and I will make sure that she and her team are made aware of the specific problems in Hillingdon that he has raised today.