The Secretary of State recently announced that paedophiles will be castrated ahead of early release from prison, which turns out to be nothing more than taking some pills that may—I repeat “may”—reduce their libido.
Will the Secretary of State confirm here and now that no paedophile prisoner will be released from prison early until it has been proven that the medication has effectively castrated them?
Chemical suppression is a mechanism used by other jurisdictions around the world, and it has been shown to work.
The previous Government sat on a pilot for years on end and did nothing.
I have said that I will pull every lever at our disposal to deal with sex offending once and for all.
A family court judge who would have made decisions in relation to many abused children was recently found guilty by the High Court of abusing their own adopted children.
Does the Minister agree that protecting the anonymity of members of the judiciary who have abused their children, particularly when it relates so intimately to their own work in court, risks undermining public trust in our legal system?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight an absolutely appalling case, and the thoughts of everyone in this House are with the children who were victims of that abuse.
The independent judiciary has ruled on this.
This Government believe in transparency in our family courts, and that is why we are working to expand the use of transparency orders, but we have to respect the independence of our judiciary, which has ruled in this particular case, not least for the reason of protecting the children in that case.
Lord Hermer says that we are not even trying to reform the convention.
Why not?
I do not know what the right hon.
Member is referring to, because the Government have already announced that we are considering the way in which our human rights laws are applied in immigration cases.
I am the policy owner for the European convention on human rights, and I am considering its application within our domestic laws as well.
I do not know what other reassurance he needs.