Whatever the sentence or offence, victims and families deserve a meaningful and fair route to appeal sentences that are unduly lenient.
Twenty-eight days for people who have  experienced deep trauma, when criminals get an unlimited time to appeal, is not meaningful or fair.
Can the Lord Chancellor explain to campaigners such as Katie Brett and Ayse Hussein from Justice for Victims why she is not willing to give them more time?
The shadow Minister should know that the Law Commission is considering the whole area of unduly lenient sentencing.
It is important that we let it do its work and that it is able to look at the measures in the round and think about the consequences across the whole criminal justice system.
We will review those proposals once they are made and legislate if we need to.
I am afraid that that explanation will not wash.
The Lord Chancellor knows that she is choosing to give the Government more time in her Bill ahead of the Law Commission’s decision.
Why is she giving herself more time, but not victims?
If the shadow Minister ever did any homework, he would know that it is always the Attorney General who has to agree and sign off on unduly lenient sentencing referrals.
Our proposals are there to make sure that the Attorney General always has a full 28-day period to consider and make rulings that often help victims.
He will also know that the Law Commission is looking at that work.
The Conservative Government had 14 years; why did they never do anything?
What steps her Department is taking to help support victims of sexual abuse.
We fund key support services, such as independent sexual violence and domestic abuse advisers.
The Crown Prosecution Service has introduced victim liaison officers to ensure that victims of rape and serious sexual offences have a consistent point of contact throughout the criminal justice system.
We will also provide free transcripts of sentencing remarks for victims of rape and serious sexual offences, and we will introduce independent legal advisers for all adult rape victims.
On the last Government’s watch, the backlog of Crown court cases rose to record levels, leaving too many victims, including those in Macclesfield, to wait years for their day in court.
That backlog included victims of sexual abuse, unable to begin properly processing their trauma until their trial is over and stuck in a horrifying limbo.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that victims of sexual abuse are not left waiting for years to see justice done?
My hon.
Friend is right.
As the House knows, justice delayed is justice denied.
That is why this Government have doubled magistrate sentencing powers and funded a record number of sitting days.
However, the scale of the challenge is beyond what increased sitting days can achieve alone.
That is why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to propose bold and ambitious reforms to deliver swifter justice for victims as part of the Government’s plan for change.
In recent weeks, Daniel Clarke, a vile sexual offender, was sentenced to seven years in prison for horrific acts of sexual abuse against six vulnerable children, many with special needs and many of whom are my constituents; indeed, there are 81 suspected cases.
I have been contacted by the families of those innocent victims, who have expressed outrage at the shockingly lenient sentence.
I wrote to the Attorney General on  20 May  asking for the case and the sentence to be reviewed.
I did not receive a response and had to find out through the BBC that the review was happening.
Nevertheless, I am pleased that the sentence is being reviewed.
Will the Minister give assurances to my constituents, the House and the British public that such vile sexual predators will have the book thrown at them and that protecting our children is the only thing that matters?