Yes, the Government will look further at those proposals.
The Women’s Justice Board has been created to do exactly that sort of work, and we also have an excellent Victims Minister in my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) .
In March, the Government announced that girls will no longer be placed in young offenders institutions.
How will the Minister monitor the implementation of that policy, and how will he ensure the public are protected from the small number of violent girls who need to be detained?
Every week I get a report of the number of girls in our youth estate, so I am monitoring it.
There are no girls in a YOI, and there have not been since the girl who was in a YOI moved out soon after we came into government.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I know the House shares my anger at recent attacks against prison officers.
After the awful events at HMP Frankland, I commissioned a review into the use of protective body armour, and today I can announce that I will mandate its use in close supervision centres, separation centres, and segregation units in the high security estate.
That is my initial response to the review, but I will set out further action  on body armour in due course.
When Jonathan Hall’s independent review into the Frankland attacks reports, I will take any further steps necessary to protect our brave staff.
Crime must be punished, but on the rare occasions that a miscarriage of justice has taken place, the Criminal Cases Review Commission exists to uncover and rectify that injustice.
In recent years the commission has lost the trust of the public.
It must now win it back, so today I have appointed Dame Vera Baird, a former Victims’ Commissioner, to be its interim chair.
She will review the commission, its governance and leadership, and ensure that it delivers once more for those who have been victims of injustice.
What discussions have the Government had regarding the International Court of Justice’s 2024 judgment on Israel and Palestine?
The hon.
Lady will know that that is a matter primarily for the Foreign Secretary.
We keep under review all judgments of all courts, domestic and international, and adopt our policy position accordingly.
I will ensure that her concerns, if there are any, are raised directly with the Foreign Secretary.
The  14,500 volunteer magistrates who deal with 95% of criminal cases are the backbone of our justice system.
Will the Lord Chancellor meet me, the Magistrates’ Association, and a group of cross-party MPs who recently wrote to her, calling for a long-service medal to be established for justices, as well as discussing the Magistrates’ Association’s forthcoming report on how to recruit and retain magistrates, as she increases their powers and responsibilities?
I was pleased to visit Telford justice centre with my hon.
Friend, where we met magistrates and leaders of the Magistrates’ Association.
I meet the Magistrates’ Association regularly.
We have a system of certification, acknowledging the vital work that magistrates do, especially long-serving magistrates who serve more than 10, 20 or 30 years.
I am happy to continue discussions with my hon.
Friend on how we can acknowledge and recognise that brilliant service even more.