My constituent’s child was the victim of a serious sexual offence several years ago.
By the time the case comes to trial next year, it will have been nearly half a decade since the assault took place.
Does the Lord Chancellor think that that is an appropriate length of time for a child to have to wait to seek justice?
What words of comfort can she give to my constituent?
The hon.
Lady highlights an absolutely appalling case.
If she is asking whether I think that is acceptable, the answer is no.
As my hon.
Friend the Victims Minister said, justice delayed is justice denied.
It is for that reason that we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to recommend bold and fundamental reform.
The hon.
Lady has just described the human consequence of the Crown court backlog that we inherited from the past Government, and we will fix the mess.
Last week I visited Meadow Road youth centre to see the fantastic work that Lloyd and other youth workers are doing to provide an outlet for young people.
However, it could be closed down due to funding uncertainty.
Does the Minister agree that sporting centres such as that reduce youth offending and are hubs for rehabilitation?
Will my hon.
Friend commit to Dudley getting its fair share of funding and to keeping the centre open?
Centres such as the one that my hon.
Friend describes in her constituency do excellent work and help to reduce youth offending.
If she writes to me about the case that she refers to, I will look into it.
My constituent Charlotte—a victim of abuse herself—has long campaigned for justice through transcripts and highlights how they can help victims to move forward with their lives.
How can we ensure that victims are provided with sentencing remarks even if the accused is acquitted in a rape case?
The Ministry of Justice currently provides free sentencing remarks for victims of murder and manslaughter.
As of last month, we have made permanent our pilot to provide those sentencing remarks to victims of rape.
The hon.
Lady will understand that providing full transcriptions is a costly exercise, which is why we are undertaking testing of artificial intelligence to make transcripts available in future in a lower-cost and timely manner.
At just 12 years old, my constituent was subjected to horrific abuse by a family member who was ultimately convicted of nine offences, including four counts of rape.
The offender was sentenced in youth court to just a three-year referral order and a two-year restraining order.
My constituent cannot appeal this sentence under the unduly lenient sentence scheme simply because of the court in which the case was heard.
Will the Minister review this deeply troubling case and consider extending the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include youth court rape convictions?
I hope that my hon.
Friend heard the earlier answer on the unduly lenient sentence scheme and the review by the Law Commission, but if he writes to me with the specifics of that case, I will make sure that we look into it.
As of  1 May  this year, there were seven biological males in HMP Downview, a women’s prison in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State confirm when they will be moved out?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that those seven biological males are on E wing, which is a transgender-only facility.
We will review the recent Supreme Court ruling and make sure that we are compliant in everything we do going forward.
We have inherited a policy that we supported in opposition.
It was a strong act by the last Government, but we will build on that following the Supreme Court’s recent ruling.
A recent freedom of information request showed that between January 2022 and March 2024, 52 prison staff were recommended for dismissal due to breaches of security.
However, ten times that number resigned over similar breaches.
What action has the Minister taken to strengthen training, oversight and accountability across the Prison Service to address this worrying trend and prevent further security failures?
Prison officers do an amazingly positive job in our prisons.
Occasionally, prison officers let themselves down, and those cases are properly looked at.
We continue to keep a tight look, and we learn from any issues that occur.
Is the Justice Secretary content that her Department spends more than half a billion pounds every year locking up criminals who belong in other countries?
I am content that this Government have deported more foreign national offenders than the previous Government.
I am content that we have accepted the findings of the Gauke review, and we will be bringing the early removal scheme threshold from 50% down to 30% to make that sure more foreign offenders are eligible for removal from our country.
Sadly, some of my constituents have experienced a double blow, not only from having defective cavity wall insulation installed, but from being pursued for adverse legal costs by firms such as SSB Law.
Ministers have previously confirmed that the Solicitors Regulation Authority has opened an investigation.
Will the Minister provide an update on that investigation and meet me to discuss how those affected can get redress?
Once again, I am sorry to hear about the impact that the collapse of SSB Law has had on my hon.
Friend’s constituents and the many others affected.
As she says, the Solicitors Regulation Authority is completing an investigation into the collapse.
Disciplinary notices have been issued to several individuals and further decisions are expected before the summer.
I am happy to provide her with a written update as that investigation is concluded.
I refer the House to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Litigation finance plays a key role in the legal system in the UK and provides opportunities for postmasters and others to take cases to court.
The Civil Justice Council has just published its report on the sector.
When will the Government respond to that report?