From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NORTH RICHLAND HILLS MAYOR OSCAR TREVINO

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Oscar Trevino as

he retires as Mayor of the City of North Richland Hills.
In doing so,

he concludes a total of 25 years of dedicated public service as a

member of the NRH Council, 22 years of which he led the City as Mayor.
He steps down as the longest-serving Mayor in the history of North

Richland Hills.
Privately, Mr. Trevino was the owner of O. Trevino Construction,

having graduated from Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Science

in Civil Engineering in 1979.
Mr. Trevino was first elected to the NRH

City Council in May, 1999, and resigned during his second term after

being elected Mayor in June 2002.
During this time he not only served

as a City official and business owner, but also engaged actively with a

number of Local, State and National organizations.
These included

active board leadership positions with the National League of Cities;

the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials

(NALEO); the Tarrant Regional Transportation Council (TRTC); Tarrant

County Mayors Council; the Regional Transportation Council (RTC);

Partners in Mobility; North Central Texas Council of Governments

(NCTCOG); the Coalition for Better Transportation; Regional Transit

Initiative Committee; Texas Transportation Institute (TTI) Advisory

Council; North Texas Commission; TEX-21 Committee; North Texas Super

Bowl XLV Host Committee Council of Mayors; Birdville ISD Foundation of

Education; Medical City North Hills Board; Northeast Leadership Forum;

and the Northeast Tarrant Chamber of Commerce, to name but only a few.
Utilizing his considerable organizational and public skills as Mayor,

residents of not only North Richland Hills, but from across the North

Texas region as well, benefitted greatly from his educational

background and the experience and connections he earned as a successful

heavy-highway contractor.
Awards including the NCTCOG William J.

Pitstick Regional Excellence Award, the FWHCC Businessman of the Year

and John V. McMillan Hall of Fame Award, and the Excalibur Award from

the NE Tarrant Chamber are a sampling of the acknowledgement he

received from his peers for his well-regarded impact.
As the 3rd largest municipality in Tarrant County, North Richland

Hills grew from 55,000 to over 70,000 during Mayor Trevino's terms in

office.
Supporting this growth, Mayor Trevino worked to ensure adequate

infrastructure, including over $100 million on the city's streets.
He

also sought to build strong regional partnerships to increase mobility

through highway improvements and the addition of TEXRail as legacies to

benefit the community for generations.
Leading the Council and staff as stewards of public funds, Mayor

Trevino sought to invest in high-quality services, with a sensitivity

of the tax burden for senior citizens and homeowners.
Investments in

parks, equipment and staff were made to ensure the needs of the City's

expanding population were met.
Significant updates to aging facilities

accomplished during his tenure included a new City Hall as well as new

fire and police stations, expanding and equipping the City's

professional responders with the best training and tools available to

ensure safety and security remained a hallmark in support of NRH's

quality of life.
Additionally, a modern library, recreation center,

animal shelter and senior center were also completed, along with

improvements to Iron Horse Golf Course and NRH20 Family Water Park.
These facilities provided citizens with community amenities that have

allowed the City to provide unique recreation programs and host

numerous annual special events.
As investments, they also supported NRH

with an identity as a desired destination location to support the

Nation's second Peppa Pig Theme Park.
These improvements also supported economic efforts within the City to

reduce the retail vacancy rate to 6.3 percent, the lowest since his

early days on council.
This was a significant accomplishment in spite

of significant challenges including the pandemic and recessions.