Title: CELEBRATING SAGE ELDERCARE'S 70TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
95

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING SAGE ELDERCARE'S 70TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to SAGE Eldercare on its 70th Anniversary.
I am truly grateful to be celebrating this monumental milestone with

you all.
Over the past 70 years, SAGE Eldercare has made a deep impact

on the lives of older adults in our community.
Through delivering

meals, restoring family heirlooms, providing companionship, and much

more volunteers provide the support for older adults to live the most

independent and active lives possible.
I am proud to have such

dedicated volunteers and organizations committed to helping people in

our community within the 7th Congressional District.
I look forward to watching them all flourish in the coming decades.
I

wish SAGE Eldercare a wonderful anniversary.
May their next 70 years be

filled with as much success as this one.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GREATER HINDS STREET MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

pillar of the community, Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist

Church.
Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church has served as a

catalyst for the African-American growth in Washington County and the

State of Mississippi.
The history and purpose of the Greater Hinds Street Missionary

Baptist Church is to participate and promote the Kingdom of God through

Jesus Christ in evangelism, discipleship, Christian education,

missions, ministries, social service, and any other objective that the

church may consider to be appropriate and desirable.
The Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church was established in

1911 when a group of members chose to leave First Baptist Church,

located in Greenville, Mississippi, and start anew.
Namely, Deacon John

Gray, Deacon John Collins, Deacon Robert Moore, and his wife, Sister

C.L. Bean, who were all members of Penthian Hall, begin to hold church

meetings in the association's building, located on Cately and Nelson

Streets.
They eventually moved to 502 Nelson Street, currently known as

Doe's Eat Place.
In January 1926, ``Hinds Street'' was founded at its

present site under the late Rev. Lynke Williams.
In 1954, Hinds Street underwent a new look with new restorations and

1955 became a new dawning for the Church.
A new pastor was elected,

Rev. E.D. Simpson, and a massive renovation took place.
The renovation

led to a desire to rename the church.
Henceforth, it became known as

the Greater Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church.
In 1994, the Church committed to continuous improvement of the

building.
As improvements were made, the church also elected Youth

Pastor, Rev. Cedric Reed.
Sadly, the year brought the end of era.
Rev.

E.D. Simpson passed away in October 1994, thus bringing an end to the

longest tenured Pastorate of the church,

In March 1995, Rev. Thomas Morris, Sr.
became the Pastor.
Then, Mr.

Frank Seid and married couple, Napolean and Maurice Thomas, donated

property to the church for expansion.
Throughout the years, the Church

purchased several portions of land in the surrounding neighborhood.
In

October, the Hinds Street Baptist Church Community Development

Corporation was established.
In 1997, the church acquired additional property at 434 Hinds Street.
In 1999, Mr. George Lynch generously donated property at the corner of

Hinds and Alexander Streets to the church.
In March 2002, the church broke ground for the Greater Hinds Street

Church Family Life Center.
In the fall of 2012, the church purchased a small 4-unit apartment

complex and a vacant lot across the street, aiming to renew the

building for future use and benefit to the church and community.
A

community garden has since been established on the vacant lot.
In 2013, renovations began to update both the Church and the Family

Life Center.