The success of Labat Anderson Inc. led to

Labat Africa Ltd. in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Labat Africa Ltd. is

the first African American co-owned company to open upon Nelson

Mandela's presidency and to trade on the South African Stock Exchange.
Victor retired to his family's hometown of Bay St. Louis, MS, though

he spent a tremendous amount of time in his hometown, New Orleans,

welcomed and cared for by family and friends.
A vibrant man, that still

enjoyed international travel until his passing, found peace in

painting, fine dining and French wines, motorcycle riding, and laughing

out loud with his family and friends.
He had just completed his first

soon to be published book on his family lineage titled, ``Is That So?
From the Mississippi Gulf Coast, A Portrait of an American Family

through Race, Education, Power, Politics, Religion and Class.''
Victor is preceded in death by his parents, and a younger brother,

Michael L. Labat, Sr.
He is survived by his three children, Carla Labat

(George Dines), Lori Labat and Yancey Labat (Andrea Menotti), three

granddaughters, Akira Scott, Eliza and Serenna Menotti Labat; a

brother, Joseph A. Labat, MD (Dr. Deidre Dumas), sister-in-law,

Constance ``Connie'' Ray Labat, Dorothy Martel Labat, Judi Gerhardt;

and numerous nieces, nephews, cousins, friends and associates.
I am proud to have spent time and growing up with mentors from this

phenomenal family, as well as their children during my college days,

always fascinated by their accomplishments.
I am honored to document

the incredible life of Victor J. Labat, a life well-lived.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LOSS OF A GREAT COMMUNITY LEADER AND OUTSTANDING LIFE

OF SGT.
STEPHEN BURDICK ``STEVE'' HAND

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

outstanding gentleman and blessing to the City of New Orleans, Sgt.
Stephen Burdick ``Steve'' Hand.
He was born in Bronxville, New York on

July 21, 1941, to Faith Seiple Hand and Edward Sayer Hand, Sr, and grew

up in Scarsdale, New York.
Mr. Hand was deeply committed to our beloved

city.
He served as a leader in the initiative to preserve and restore

New Orleans through his work at the Vieux Carre Commission, and the

French Market Corp during the 1980s and 1990s.
After living a full life

dedicated to serving others, Steve (82 years old) passed away on

January 8, 2024.
Steve was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1963.
His training took place

in Fort Benning, Georgia, with the 17th Artillery 2nd Infantry Division

under Battery C 7th Battalion (``Garry Owen'').
He served one tour of

duty in 1965 to Vietnam in which he was stationed at An Khe with the

3rd Brigade 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile).
Mr. Hand earned the title

of Sergeant before being honorably discharged from the Army.
Upon returning to the United States, Steve returned to his studies

and ultimately graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine with

a bachelor's degree in economics.
After graduating, Steve began his

career, working in Communications and Public Service.
He fondly

reflected on his experience working on Capitol Hill as a Legislative

Assistant and Press Secretary to Senators Winston L. Prouty of Vermont

and Edward Brooke of Massachusetts, the first popularly elected Black

senator.
He went on to earn a master's degree in Landscape Architecture

at LSU in 1982, where he developed an appreciation for the state of

Louisiana and the Gulf Coast.
At LSU, he wrote his thesis, about the

historical, cultural, and political influences that have contributed to

the development of the gardens and courtyards within the French

Quarter.
This thesis was instrumental in his future experiences in New

Orleans, where he was dedicated to preserving, enriching, and educating

others about the local landscaping and architecture that makes our city

so special.