In the fall of 2012, the church purchased a small 4-unit apartment

complex and a vacant lot across the street, aiming to renew the

building for future use and benefit to the church and community.
A

community garden has since been established on the vacant lot.
In 2013, renovations began to update both the Church and the Family

Life Center.
This effort, aimed at reinforcing the unity of the church

and its facilities, supported spiritual growth and community service.
Countless individuals have been baptized and converted to Jesus

Christ for the forgiveness and remission of sin.
The church's history

is storied with decades long service and contributions by numerous

members and friends, who are God-fearing and God-loving, both named and

unnamed.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Greater

Hinds Street Missionary Baptist Church for its rich heritage and

dedication to serving others and giving back to the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JAR'KEVIOUS R. EDWARDS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Jar'Kevious R. Edwards.
Jar'Kevious R. Edwards is a native of Charleston, Mississippi.
He is

a 2020 graduate of Charleston High School and a 2024 graduate of

Mississippi Valley State University.
With aspirations of becoming a news and television personality, he

obtained a bachelor's degree in Speech Communication and completed a

summer internship at WLBT in Jackson, Mississippi.
Jar'Kevious' bright personality, elegance, oratory skills, and charm

have gained him the victory in winning the title of Mr. Mississippi

Valley State University in 2023.
As a bright and prosperous future

awaits, Jar'Kevious plans to branch out into the field of broadcast

journalism as a news reporter and/or anchor.
Jar'Kevious' long-term goals include anchoring on Good Morning

America, CNN, hosting Entertainment Tonight, and one day his own

television talk show.
Jar'Kevious' life motto is, ``There is no passion to be found playing

small--in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable

of living.
''--Nelson Mandela,

Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr.

Jar'Kevious Edwards for his dedication and tenacity to serving his

community and desire to be an example for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JIMMY WILLIAMS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

dedicated efforts of JW Cleaning & Maintenance, owned, and operated by

Jimmy Williams.
A true entrepreneur, an enthusiastic and self-motivated

business owner from Cleveland, Mississippi.
Jimmy Williams started JW Cleaning & Maintenance 20 years ago.
The

idea of this business on the side developed while working at Baxter

Healthcare, where he retired after 31 years.
He was also co-owner and

operator of County Platter restaurant.
After retirement he focused his

attention on other ventures, including the cleaning service.
He

specializes in cleaning and maintaining the upkeep of several medical

offices, banks, and businesses in the area.
He does both commercial and

residential maintenance and cleaning.
Mr. Williams embarked upon the cleaning and maintenance business

specifically because he did so much of that while working at Baxter and

supervised others doing that.
He has a staff of five as well as others

when needed.
His daughter, Sheila Williams, also works for the

business.
She handles the books, paperwork, and the business side of

the company.
Mr. Williams states, ``we're thorough and efficient, we do

a good job, and we take pride in our work.
I check on my staff daily

and often go into the offices we clean the mornings before their staff

arrives to make sure everything was done properly if I didn't do the

work myself.''
His slogan, ``Doing whatever needs to be done, wherever

it is needed''.
This is how his business has remained successful.
He is motivated to make positive impacts on his community by helping

people in the community.