As investments, they also supported NRH

with an identity as a desired destination location to support the

Nation's second Peppa Pig Theme Park.
These improvements also supported economic efforts within the City to

reduce the retail vacancy rate to 6.3 percent, the lowest since his

early days on council.
This was a significant accomplishment in spite

of significant challenges including the pandemic and recessions.
The

achievement was accomplished by focusing not only on the newly

developed neighborhoods, but also including the City's historic areas

to redevelop park areas and infrastructure to keep the areas vibrant.
The economic vitality is evidenced with the additions of Babe's,

Sweetie Pie's, Patriotic Pig, Floor & Decor, Winco, Platinum Music

Complex, Painted Tree, Gritr Sports, Seconds & Surplus, Warespace,

Truby Hilton Hotel and the development of Volli Entertainment.
These

private investments only foreshadow the potential of the former mall

property redevelopment as new businesses and a Homewood Suites by

Hilton are developed around the City's new City Hall.
As the Mayor steps down from his duties, I am proud of all he has

accomplished for his beloved City and for the region that has been

blessed with his public leadership and service.
I have appreciated his

wisdom and insight on many occasions and I will personally miss his

counsel and friendship.
However, I also understand the sacrifice public

service requires of family.
I wish Mayor Trevino a long retirement with

his wife Carol, his children and his granddaughter Reis, to make-up for

the time lost as he served.
The City, our region and our State are all

better as a result of his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF PERRY MARKEL WHITTINGTON

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life

of Perry Markel Whittington, a cherished husband, father, and

grandfather who passed away peacefully on May 3, 2024, at the age of 74

Born on August 17, 1949, in Braxton, Mississippi, to Charles Hansford

Whittington and Della Pierce Whittington, Markel and his twin brother,

Mark, were the youngest in a family of ten children.
Markel graduated from Harrisville High School in 1967 and went on to

receive a degree in business administration from Mississippi College in

1971.
He began his professional career at McRae's department store in

1969, eventually rising to the position of Store Manager.
It was here

that he met Elizabeth ``Libby'' Owens, who would become his wife.
The

couple married in the summer of 1974 in Pensacola, FL, and later

settled in Tupelo, MS.
In 1979, Markel left McRae's to purchase and

manage Middleton Office Products.
Tupelo was where Markel and Libby chose to raise their family,

becoming active members of the First United Methodist Church and

forging lasting friendships Markel also contributed to the community as

a board member of Alpha House and the Boy Scouts of America, receiving

the Silver Beaver Award.
A committed Rotarian since 1979, he was

honored as a Paul Harris Fellow by Rotary International.
Markel also

dedicated many years to public service as a City Councilman for Ward 1,

serving from 2009 to 2021.
Above all, Markel was devoted to his family.
He cherished his role as

a husband, father, and grandfather, finding great joy in life's simple

moments with his grandchildren.
Markel was preceded in death by his

wife Libby, his parents, his siblings Joy, Carolyn, and Bill, and his

sisters-in-law Betty, Sally, and Opal Whittington.
He is survived by his sons, Preston Markel (Anna) and Pierce Marion

(Brittney), grandchildren Stanley Pierce, Catherine Elizabeth,

Charlotte Elliott, and Francis ``Frankie'' Rhodes, brothers Charlie,

Ken, Floyd, Bill, Keith, Mark, his favorite cousin Elton, and his

beloved dog, Magnolia Blue ``Maggie.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF JOHN WILLIAMS

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.