He is survived by his sons, Preston Markel (Anna) and Pierce Marion

(Brittney), grandchildren Stanley Pierce, Catherine Elizabeth,

Charlotte Elliott, and Francis ``Frankie'' Rhodes, brothers Charlie,

Ken, Floyd, Bill, Keith, Mark, his favorite cousin Elton, and his

beloved dog, Magnolia Blue ``Maggie.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF JOHN WILLIAMS

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and

legacy of Mr. John Joseph Williams, a brave and dedicated soldier who

served our Nation with distinction during World War II as a member of

the Ghost Army special unit.
John was assigned to the Signal Company Special of the Ghost Army, a

top-secret unit tasked with deceiving the enemy through elaborate

tactical deceptions.
He was among the select few who landed on Omaha

Beach on D-Day, playing a crucial role in the Allied invasion of

Normandy.
The contributions of John Williams and his fellow Ghost Army

soldiers were kept classified until 1996.
Historians credit their unit

of 1,100 men with saving an estimated 30,000 U.S. troops, and their

work had a significant impact on the outcome of the war.
After the war, John returned to Missouri, where he and his wife,

Barbara, raised a family and started a successful career at the

University of Missouri.
He remained dedicated to his community and

country until his passing on January 19, 2010, leaving a legacy of

courage, sacrifice, and service.
Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for the opportunity to commemorate the

life and service of John Joseph Williams.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RANDY FEENSTRA

Mr. FEENSTRA.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on H. Res.
1215.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
233.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF A GREAT NATIVE SON AND THE OUTSTANDING LIFE

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

life of Victor John Labat, born in New Orleans, Louisiana to parents

Victor and Jeanne Victor Labat, on November 24, 1932.
At the tender age

of 91 in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, he recently passed away on Sunday,

April 21, 2024.
A proud graduate of Xavier Preparatory High School and

Xavier University of Louisiana with a degree in mathematics, two key

Catholic Institutions, both founded by Saint Katharine Drexel and the

Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament.
During his college days, he served as the artistic designer and

director of the Xavier Yearbook, where he proudly displayed his unique

passion for drawing and painting.
His professional successes spanned

across varying careers In his early years, he was a construction

company owner, designing and building homes around the city of New

Orleans.
He later moved his family of five to Washington, D.C., with an

assignment to desegregate court ordered schools through southern states

under the Nixon Administration.
His career included being appointed

Assistant to Leon Panetta, Director of the Office of Civil Rights under

the Secretary of U.S. Department of Health and Human Resources (HEW).
The next assignment took him and his family to Dakar, Senegal, West

Africa where he served as Director of the Peace Corps for five years.
With a wealth of international experience under his belt, he

established Labat Anderson Inc., one of the country's most successful

government contracting firms, creating offices and jobs throughout the

U.S. and internationally.
The success of Labat Anderson Inc. led to

Labat Africa Ltd. in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Labat Africa Ltd. is

the first African American co-owned company to open upon Nelson

Mandela's presidency and to trade on the South African Stock Exchange.
Victor retired to his family's hometown of Bay St. Louis, MS, though

he spent a tremendous amount of time in his hometown, New Orleans,

welcomed and cared for by family and friends.