He went on to earn a master's degree in Landscape Architecture

at LSU in 1982, where he developed an appreciation for the state of

Louisiana and the Gulf Coast.
At LSU, he wrote his thesis, about the

historical, cultural, and political influences that have contributed to

the development of the gardens and courtyards within the French

Quarter.
This thesis was instrumental in his future experiences in New

Orleans, where he was dedicated to preserving, enriching, and educating

others about the local landscaping and architecture that makes our city

so special.
As a hardworking and dedicated Director of the Vieux Carre

Commission, Steve used his expertise in the French Quarter's

architectural landscape to preserve the historical and cultural

character of New Orleans's oldest neighborhoods.
Among his many

accomplishments in this role, Steve was able to have the golden

equestrian statue of Joan of Arc, relocated at Place de France.
Additionally, he worked tirelessly alongside the City Council and

Mayor's office to ensure that the integrity of this neighborhood and

the needs of its residents were protected, pioneering an effort to keep

the French Quarter safe and clean.
Mr. Hand also served the New Orleans

community as the Executive Director of the French Market Corp. in 1994,

through which he supported the effort to revitalize and renovate the

French Market, leading this historical landmark to flourish in our

city's economy.
Steve Hand's legacy will continue to live on through the spirit of

this city, which he loved so dearly.
It will live on through all of the

people, the long-lasting friendships that he made and cultivated, and

those whose lives he touched around the Nation.
Most importantly, Steve

Hand's legacy will live on through his dear, loving family: Bear, his

goldendoodle; his brother Edward S. Hand and sister-in-law Susan O.

Hand; three nieces Samantha Fratus, Lindsley Rice, and Bailey Jeffrey

and their families around the world.
Stephen Burdick Hand is an

inspiration to all those who dedicate their lives to serving their

community.
I, too, hope to carry his legacy with me as I continue to

serve the people of Louisiana.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RETIREMENT OF COLONEL JOY LYNN ALEXANDER

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to honor

the incredible career of Joy Lynn Alexander, who recently retired as a

Colonel after thirty years of dedicated service in the military.
Colonel Alexander is a highly decorated officer who rose through the

ranks of the Mississippi National Guard, eventually becoming the

Commander of Camp McCain Training Site.
Throughout her career, Colonel Alexander completed all the necessary

professional military education courses, including the U.S. Army War

College.
Her numerous awards include the Legion of Merit and the Bronze

Star Medal.
She served in various roles, from tactical to strategic

positions, and even completed a combat tour in Iraq in 2009 through

2010, where I had the honor of serving alongside her.
Colonel Alexander spent countless days, weeks, months, and years

traveling across Mississippi, the United States, and the world to

support and lead critical missions.
Her dedication and hard work have

taken her to many places, all in service to our country and state.
As one of the most influential leaders in the Army, Colonel Alexander

always maintained the highest standards, even during some of the most

challenging times in history.
She is a true American hero and a proud

Mississippian.
We are deeply grateful for her unwavering commitment to

our country and to Mississippi.
Her legacy of service and leadership

will continue to inspire us all.