Data revealed by the Centre for Cities showed that, after 14 years of Tory rule, towns and cities in every corner of our country have been levelled down, left behind, and left out of pocket.
On average, people are over £10,000 a year worse off because the Prime Minister’s party has failed on growth.
When will he take responsibility for breaking Britain?
In fact, what we are seeing is record investment in our towns across the UK, many of which were neglected by the Labour party for decades.
If we really care about levelling up, we need to avoid saddling hard-working Britons with higher taxes, which is exactly what Labour’s £28 billion green spending spree would do.
For 27 years, constituents across the Vale of Glamorgan and the whole of Wales sadly have had to wait longer to see a doctor, longer for an ambulance, longer at A&E, and longer for an operation than patients in England.
There are 24,785 patients in Wales waiting longer than two years for an operation.
The number in England is 227.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Aneurin Bevan will be turning in his grave over the fact that we cannot trust Labour with the NHS?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Here in England we have a plan when it comes to education, where we are marching up the league tables, and we have virtually eliminated the longest waiting times, but in Labour-run Wales, as he said, education rates are falling and waiting lists over 18 months are more than 10 times higher than in England.
It is crystal clear that we should stick to our plan for a brighter future and not go back to square one with Labour.
According to openDemocracy this week, since 1999 at least 391 people have died at our borders.
That is a rate of more than one man or woman per month for 25 years.
On top of that, there is the financial cost.
The deadly and failed border regime as well as the Prime Minister’s plan for Rwanda are estimated to have cost at least £800 million since 2014.
Will he now show that he understands that the people whose lives he is making sick bets on are human beings, and provide them with safe routes to the UK in order to seek asylum, instead of more failed and extreme forms of deterrence?
It is in fact criminal gangs that are exploiting vulnerable people and leading many of them to lose their lives as they make these dangerous crossings.
Conservative Members think that that is wrong, and we want to do something about it, which is why we need to get a deterrent up and running, and be able to send people to Rwanda.
It is the hon.
Gentleman’s party that opposes that, so the question for Labour Members is why they remain on the side of the criminal people smugglers.
February marks Emotional Health, Boost Your Self Esteem and Children’s Mental Health Month.
In recent years, about 6,500 people have died in the UK each year due to suicide.
In 2021, I was nearly one of them.
Luckily my attempt failed, I was found by family members quickly, I received amazing care at St Helier and Springfield Hospitals, I did not do any permanent damage and I was well looked after by the NHS in the months that followed.
I want to say thank you to everyone who saved me and sorry to my family and loved ones, whom I put through such an awful ordeal.
In that moment, I felt alone and scared, like there was no way out, and that the world would be better off without me in it.
But I do not recognise that man any more.
I know that nothing is ever really worth that, that help really is out there—and I am pretty awesome.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”] Does the Prime Minister agree that one death by suicide is one too many, and will he send a message from the Dispatch Box today that, whatever you are going through, you are not alone, help is out there and better days lie ahead?
I know the whole House will join me in commending my hon.
Friend for his bravery in sharing his story and I can absolutely assure him that we take this issue incredibly seriously.
The new suicide prevention strategy ensures that we will have the actions in place to reduce suicide over the next years, because we absolutely recognise the impact that it has on people and their families, and we should do everything we can to prevent that from happening.
May I take this opportunity to ask the Prime Minister if he will consider apologising to Brianna Ghey’s mother for his insensitive comment?
Turning to my question, the independent report into Teesworks released last Monday throws up more questions than it answers.
It is vital that we now have a National Audit Office investigation.
The report was scathing and said that there is insufficient transparency to offer evidence of value for money.
Should the Government not lead by example, and will the Prime Minister finally release details of his conversations surrounding Teesworks, as he was asked to do twice last year?
I think the hon.
Lady was talking about the report on Teesworks, as far as I can see.
What that report noted was that the pace and scope of the regeneration had had a wide-reaching positive impact on the local economy—and of course it was an independent external report.
It makes it clear that there is no evidence of corruption or illegality and the Government will of course respond to the recommendations in the report as soon as possible.
I give my heartfelt thanks to the Prime Minster for his support for our Melton, Harborough and Stamford villages following the recent devastating flooding.
Tens of homes, farms and businesses in Rutland were also devastated, but our county is in effect excluded from ever receiving support in the future due to the arbitrary floor currently in place.
Flood support should be based on the most affected or a percentage of population, but Rutland must have 1,000 times more flooding than next-door Lincolnshire for us ever to access support.
Will my right hon.
Friend please give a meeting to me and my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  to discuss this important issue?
I extend my sympathies to all those impacted by the recent storms and flooding.
We are investing record sums in flood defence across England and a recovery support framework is in place for families and businesses in every area that has experienced exceptional flooding.
I know that my hon.
Friend is in touch with Ministers in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities about how those schemes affect her constituency, but I will ensure that she gets the correspondence and meetings that she needs to deliver for her local communities.
Two weeks ago, I challenged the Prime Minister on his Government’s broken promise on building new hospitals by 2030, including in my own area.
Now it seems the Government are downgrading existing hospitals too.
Children and parents in Eastbourne will be forced to travel for miles if the proposed downgrade of the hospital’s paediatric services goes ahead.
Campaigners have asked the Government to call in this disastrous plan, so will the Prime Minister agree?
Actually, we are investing record sums in improving hospital infrastructure across the country.
In Eastbourne in particular, spades are already in the ground to deliver an elective surgical hub.
I know that there is local Liberal Democrat scaremongering about the future of services, but the local Conservative MP is doing a fantastic job, engaging with her community and working with local health officials.
It was my huge pleasure to host the aerospace defence and security industry apprenticeships event in Parliament yesterday, welcoming two apprentices from Collins Aerospace in Wolverhampton.
Will the Prime Minister join me, in National Apprenticeship Week, in celebrating the opportunities that apprenticeships can provide in the defence industry, as well as in our armed forces, which are all in the top 10 apprenticeship providers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of our apprenticeship provision, which is providing young people with opportunities across the country, particularly in the defence and aerospace sectors, as she said.
Those plans are in stark contrast to those of the Labour party, which has caved in to big business and is now proposing to halve the amount of apprenticeship funding and the number of apprenticeships.
If Grangemouth refinery closes, Scotland will be the only major oil-producing nation without a refinery capacity.
At a time of energy insecurity, is it not economic madness to allow a profitable plant to close, and is it not environmental madness to tranship oil for refining and distribution across the increasingly dangerous high seas?
Given the billions that the Prime Minister has received and will continue to receive from North sea oil, will he ensure that Scotland retains a refinery capacity for Scotland’s oil?
The future of Grangemouth refinery is obviously a commercial decision for its owners, but I am told that the site will remain operating as a refinery until at least May 2025.
In the meantime, the UK and Scottish Governments are working together to seek assurances from Grangemouth about how it is supporting employees.
We remain confident in our fuel supply.
On energy security, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned, this Government are unambiguously backing the North sea oil and gas sector because that is how we support energy security in this country, attract investment and create jobs, particularly in Scotland.
I was very proud that it was a Conservative Government who appointed the Patient Safety Commissioner, and that we commissioned the Hughes report on medical devices and medicines, which was published this morning.
Will my right hon.
Friend also make me proud by addressing the points that the commissioner has raised and bringing forward a redress scheme in a timely manner?
I am grateful to the Patient Safety Commissioner and her team for their work on this important issue—one that I know my right hon.
Friend has spoken about in the past.
Of course, first and foremost, our sympathies remain with those affected by sodium valproate.
We are focused on improving the system and how it listens to patients, and it is right that the Government carefully consider the report’s recommendations.
The Department of Health and Social Care will respond to the report in due course, and the Health Secretary will keep the House updated on a regular basis.
Many of my constituents, such as local mum Jessica, have contacted me about special educational needs and disability support.
Jessica’s son has waited years for an autism diagnosis, and he is not expected to have an education, health and care plan in place by the time he goes to secondary school.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that students who need an EHCP will get one so that they can thrive in school?
Of course, we want to see every child thrive at school, which is why we have tripled the amount going into special educational needs for capital places and put more money into support ECHPs.
I am  sorry to hear about the case that the hon.
Lady mentions.
I will ensure that we continue to look at this matter in particular, because, as she said, we want every child to thrive at school.
I put on the record my best wishes to His Majesty the King and to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.
Building on the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Romsey and Southampton North (Caroline Nokes) , I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is exceptionally pleased about the Hughes report, which has been published today.
A huge amount of work has been done by Members from across the Chamber, including the hon.
Members for Livingston (Hannah Bardell) and for Washington and Sunderland West (Mrs Hodgson), and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Romsey and Southampton North.
May I press my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister on the fact that tens of thousands of women and children have suffered immensely since the 1970s, with Government after Government doing nothing about it?
I am proud that this Government have done something about it, but I urge him, in the strongest terms, to talk to the Chancellor to ensure that we can address the issues raised in the Hughes report at the Budget.