Very much so,
and that will be primarily through the patient premium, which will mean that from next month dentists will be able to turn their signs from “closed” to “open” for NHS patients.
We wanted to use levers that could be deployed immediately in order to help our constituents.
It is estimated that more than 12 million people are waiting for dental treatment, but the Government’s announcement says that it will help just 1 million.
The Government’s underspend last year was £400 million, and it is expected to be the same this year, but only £200 million has been announced.
This plan is a drop in the ocean.
In St Albans, my dentists are desperate to provide NHS care, and my constituents are desperate to see a dentist.
At the heart of the problem is the broken contract.
Will the Government take up the Liberal Democrats’ plan to reform the contract and provide guaranteed access to an NHS dentist for everybody needing urgent and emergency care?
I heartily recommend the recovery plan to the hon.
Lady, because it offers 2.5 million more appointments and has a long-term ambition for the prevention of tooth decay in children.
In addition, it has that long-turn vision about increasing training places for our dental professionals by 40% by 2031.
As you are aware, Mr Speaker, I have a declared interest in this particular topic.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is aware, dentistry in England is a seller’s market.
It is estimated that there are 5,000 dentist vacancies in England.
When I came here in the early ’70s with my dental degree, like very many colleagues from Australia, New Zealand and so on, I presented at the General Dental Council, who said “welcome” and stamped my hand, and I went off and worked on the national health service the next day.
Now, and for decades, the General Dental Council has required graduates from world-class dental schools—every bit as good as the ones we have here—to wait, to pay and to sit what is called an overseas registration exam.
Currently, the waiting list for the exam is 2,000 overseas dental graduates, many of whom are every bit as good as those we produce in this country.
The GDC could change that overnight by accepting graduates automatically from known and trusted international schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend please have a small chat with the chairman of the General Dental Council?