That right to flexible working would particularly benefit workers with caring responsibilities, most of whom are women, but unfortunately the UK Government’s response to the results of their consultation on flexible working simply does not go far enough to provide some of the real practical support needed by many people with such responsibilities.
Last week Nikki Pound of the TUC told the Women and Equalities Committee that one in three requests for flexible working were denied by employers.
What steps are the UK Government taking to give real support to workers with caring responsibilities and ensure that flexible working is a day-one right by default?
I am a carer myself, holding down a full-time job, so I am aware of the difficulties involved.
As I have said, the Government have passed legislation allowing flexible working from day one, and we have also introduced 18 weeks of leave entitlement for parents.
That is on top of the Carer’s Leave Regulations 2024, which will come into force on  6 April .
We have gone further than any other Government in introducing those rights for carers.
If she will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of Government support for energy bills on disabled people.
The Government understand the importance of this issue.
I have recently met key stakeholders representing disabled people, including members of Disability UK and cross-Whitehall colleagues.
My constituent Mr Peter Bodek has a severe lung condition which necessitates the use of oxygen.
There is mould in his house, and it is getting on to his clothes.
He can only afford two small electric heaters.
I should be grateful if a Minister could meet me, very briefly, to discuss this rather difficult situation.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue, and I speak both for myself and on behalf of the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work in saying that of course we will have a meeting.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In the light of some of the commentary about the employment tribunal’s judgment in the case of Professor Miller and Bristol University, I want to clarify the fact that antisemitism must continue to be challenged wherever it arises.
We have seen people in this country use their views on Israel as an excuse to display antisemitism.
We have seen that in protests on our streets, and also in our universities.
It is therefore important to stress that this ruling does not change the fact that while academics have the right to express views, they cannot behave in a way that amounts to harassment of Jewish students.
Disguising that as discourse about Israel would be no more lawful than any other form of antisemitism.
The Government will consider the ruling carefully, and we will continue to do all in our power to protect Jewish people throughout our country.
On Monday, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Livingston (Hannah Bardell)  hosted a very positive event marking the start of the Football v. Homophobia month of action.
Will Ministers join me in thanking all those involved in the campaign—which includes LEAP sports and the TIE campaign in Scotland—and offer their wholehearted support for making football a safe and welcoming sport for LGBT people?
Of course we join the hon.
Gentleman in that.
I pay tribute to the work of the Minister for Equalities, who has been very supportive of the campaign—as are all of us in the ministerial team.
I hear more frequent use of the word “microaggression”.
As an engineer, I know that “micro” means something extremely small.
It is tiny.
In fact, it is one millionth of whatever a standard aggression might be.
Has the Minister a view on this, and does she recognise it as a new phenomenon?
How big a priority might it be?
As my hon.
Friend will know, I too am an engineer by training, and we engineers have to stick together.
We are very sceptical when people introduce to the lexicon terms that are not helpful to the real work of tackling serious criminal behaviour.
I am not a fan of that term, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that microaggressions training was removed from the Government Campus prospectus in November 2022.