Under the Conservatives, police-recorded rapes have soared to record highs while convictions have fallen to record lows.
It emerged last week that the Conservative police and crime commissioner in Cheshire victim-blamed girls wearing short skirts for this epidemic.
Why are these attitudes still tolerated in the Conservative party?
Those attitudes are not tolerated in the Conservative party.
I have not seen the remarks the hon.
Lady refers to, but I am sure that we can investigate.
However, I will push back on what she said about rape statistics.
The fact is that, for the year ending March 2023, the crime survey for England and Wales shows a 5.1% reduction in the number of adults experienced domestic abuse—a statistically significant decrease—compared with the year ending March 2020.
Last month I received a letter from my local NHS trust regarding children’s services at Southend Hospital.
It referred to women and “birthing people” going into labour.
Can my right hon.
Friend clarify whether the term “birthing people” is required language under the Equality Act 2010?
If not, does she agree that it should not be used, because it is dehumanising, confusing and insulting to many women?
This Conservative Government and this Conservative Prime Minister have been clear that biological sex matters, and language is important too.
We have issued guidance to trusts because there is evidence that clinical damage and harm can come with the removal of the use of the term “woman” from literature.
I would be happy to write to my hon.
Friend’s local trust to point that out.
Scope has noted that potential changes to the work capability assessment might force disabled people into ill-suited employment, and it is worried that huge numbers of people will end up being forced into doing exactly that.
What steps is the Minister taking, with her Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that disabled people are not forced into jobs that are not suited to them?
The hon.
Lady joined me yesterday at the disability action plan event, where many stakeholders welcomed the changes and opportunities in disabled people’s lives.
Many disabled people want to work, and we at the Department for Work and Pensions will always ensure that we listen to their wants and needs and that they will never be forced into anything that is not suitable for them.
At 5 pm today, women’s groups and other community groups in Gosport will be staging a peaceful protest about the Lib Dem council’s decision to completely end all live CCTV monitoring.
They are worried about the impact on people’s safety.
Does the Minister agree with them?
It is important that people understand that CCTV and street lighting are important in helping women to feel safe on the streets.
I fully understand the campaign and I am glad that my hon.
Friend is supporting it.
We are doing everything we can in Government to reduce violence against women and girls.
Will the UK Government redouble their efforts to ensure that the humanitarian needs of women and girls in Gaza are being addressed, in line with the UK’s commitments under the international women and girls strategy, the women, peace and security national action plan, and the international development White Paper?
I am working closely with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office on this issue.
We are very concerned about the events taking place in both Israel and Gaza and we want to see the violence end.
The hon.
Gentleman will know about all the work we have been doing on preventing sexual violence in conflict, for example, and we will continue to do everything we can to minimise any impact on women and girls.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase the number of female-led businesses?
Female-led businesses often face particular challenges, and in the Department for Business and Trade we work with the British Business Bank to ensure that those businesses continue to have access to finance.
We have the Investing in Women code and a taskforce for women-led entrepreneurs.
We hope that all these actions together will help improve the lives of women in business.
Will the Minister make a statement about today’s report by the Patient Safety Commissioner addressing redress for victims of sodium valproate and mesh?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government commissioned that report from the Patient Safety Commissioner to look at options for redress, specifically for those affected by sodium valproate, but also for those affected by mesh.
The report has been published only today, so we will look at the details closely before reporting back to the House.