The Conservatives have failed the Windrush generation twice now: first by denying their rights as British citizens, and secondly by delaying their compensation, as we have just heard again.
Labour would sort out the compensation scheme, re-establish the major change programme and Windrush unit scrapped by the Conservatives and appoint a Windrush commissioner to ensure that this kind of scandal never happens again.
What is the Government’s plan here?
I find it difficult to accept that a scheme is failing when more than 80% of claims have now received a final decision, and more than 90% have either received a final decision or are less than six months old.
So I disagree with that.
I think it was suggested that we should take the scheme out of the Home Office—perhaps that is Labour’s proposal.
I remind the hon.
Lady that Martin Levermore, the independent adviser to the Windrush scheme, supported the scheme remaining in the Home Office in his most recent report, published in March 2022.
There is no accountability for the failures being felt so acutely by so many people who, frankly, do not have much time left to see justice.
The Windrush generation and their families helped to build our NHS, but today we see big inequalities in health outcomes.
Labour’s race equality Act would include a target to close the appalling maternal mortality gap for black and Asian women.
It seems another nine months have passed since the maternity disparities taskforce last met—is that because the Minister for Women and Equalities thinks this is another of her alleged fake problems?
I say to the hon.
Lady that that is not accepted.
In fact, the Health Secretary made an announcement on maternal services this week; I think it would be appropriate to refer to my colleagues at the Department of Health and Social Care, and then I will write to the hon.
Lady on this point.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Domestic Abuse Commissioner on taking steps to help tackle so-called honour-based abuse.
I meet the Domestic Abuse Commissioner regularly, and our last joint visit was to a refuge for minoritised women for whom honour-based abuse was a specific issue.
It is important work of the Home Office to look at the specific harms connected with this issue.
One of the things we are most proud of is our forced marriage unit, which has provided support services to more than 300 cases in the past year.
We also fund a national honour-based abuse helpline, which has helped more than 2,500 people in the past 12 months.
Savera UK, which is based in my constituency, and the Domestic Abuse Commissioner are concerned by this Government’s failure to provide a statutory definition of so-called honour-based abuse.
Does the Minister agree that that will lead to under-reporting and a lack of detail on the scale of the problem?
I am afraid that the Government take the opposite view.
We use the expression honour-based abuse, which has been controversial in itself, because often victims understand it the best.
Victims of honour-based abuse are often the hardest to reach, and sometimes are the least able to articulate their claims and to escape their circumstance.
We keep the definition wide to capture successfully all the various insidious forms that it takes.
Let me reassure the hon.
Lady that both the Crown Prosecution Service and the Home Office use a working definition to guide investigations and, so far, it is proving effective.
One of the most insidious forms of domestic abuse is conversion therapy.
It is cruel and it does not work.
Could my hon.
Friend give me some indication of when legislation will come forward to ban it?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that the Government will publish a draft Bill on that in due course.
What steps she is taking to help support women into science, technology, engineering and mathematics jobs.
We are helping to get young girls and women into STEM sectors in three key ways: first, by increasing the number of young girls taking up courses.
We have seen a 50% increase in the number of undergraduate STEM courses taken up by young women.
Secondly, this week is National Apprenticeship Week, and 70% of jobs are now accessed through an apprenticeship, which is helping young women get into STEM careers.
Thirdly, we are helping women with experience of working in STEM who have left the profession to return to the workplace with our STEM returners project.
University technical colleges are a good place for young women to start in STEM.
I welcome the new UTC in Southampton, which will provide the extra places that Portsmouth UTC is unable to offer.
Some 6,000 girls attend UTCs around the country, of whom 82% go on to apprenticeships, university or straight into employment—mostly into STEM careers.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that UTCs provide a great start to a career in STEM, and that the proposal for UTC sleeves in secondary schools will help more girls into STEM careers?
I absolutely agree.
University technical colleges provide an excellent experience for young people, not just academically but in providing technical skills.
They have excellent links with industry, which provides great work experience for those pupils.
I am pleased that the young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency have such great options for UTC provision.
I am always encouraged by the number of young ladies and girls who wish to be involved in science, technology and mathematics in Northern Ireland.
They can do the job every bit as well men.
Is it not important to ensure that companies that wish to employ people do more to encourage young ladies to take up jobs?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
The Government cannot do it all; we need industry, and there are some great examples.
We have a £17 million scholarship programme for artificial intelligence and data science conversion courses.
We also have the UK Space Agency investing £15 million into diverse workforce streams, particularly to help young women get into the sector.
He is right that we need to work hand in glove with industry.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women with caring responsibilities to continue working.
We all know that women take on the bulk of caring responsibilities.
The Carer’s Leave Regulations 2024 will come into force on  6 April  across England, Wales and Scotland, allowing carers to take a week of unpaid leave from the workplace knowing that their jobs are protected.
The ministerial team knows that it is an absolute scandal that in all these years of so-called popular Conservative Government we have seen such a bad deal for early years, carers and talented women.
Legions of them want to use their talent at work but are stopped by the highest childcare costs in the world.
I would respectfully say to the hon.
Gentleman that God gave us two ears and a mouth for a reason, and I would encourage him to put his listening ears on to hear about the track record of this Government.
We have, for instance, improved payments for carers, introduced groundbreaking legislation to allow flexible working from day one, and legislated for parental leave including shared parental leave and paternity leave.
The kinship care strategy was launched in December to provide a funding model for kinship carers.
We have gone further than any Government with our plan to improve the lives of carers and value the work that they do.