I join the Prime Minister in sending His Majesty the King our very best wishes for his treatment.
Across the House, we all look forward to seeing him back to full health as quickly as possible.
This week, the unwavering bravery of Brianna Ghey’s mother, Esther, has touched us all.
As a father, I cannot even imagine the pain that she is going through.
I am glad that she is with us in the Gallery today.
A year ago, the Prime Minister promised to bring down NHS waiting lists.
Isn’t he glad that he did not bet a grand on it?
At least I stand by my commitments.
He is so indecisive that the only bet he would make is an each-way bet.
He says he stands by his commitments.
He once insisted that if he missed his promises, “I’m the Prime Minister…it’s on me personally”.
Today we learn from his own officials that he is the blocker to any deal to end the doctors’ strikes.
Every time he is asked, he blames everyone else.
What exactly did he mean when he said “it’s on me personally” if he does not meet his promise?
We are bringing down waiting lists for the longest waiters and making progress.
It is a bit rich to hear about promises from someone who has broken every single promise he was elected on.
I have counted almost 30 in the last year: pensions, planning, peerages, public sector pay, tuition fees, childcare, second referendums, defining a woman—although, in fairness, that was only 99% of a U-turn.
The list goes on, but the theme is the same: empty words, broken promises and absolutely no plan.
Of all the weeks to say that, when Brianna’s mother is in this Chamber—shame!
Parading as a man of integrity when he has got absolutely no responsibility, it is absolute—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think Members are getting carried away.
Our constituents want to hear the questions and they certainly want to hear the answers.
They do not want to hear organised barracking, so please, I want no more of it.
I think the role of the Prime Minister is to ensure that every single citizen in this country feels safe and respected, and it is a shame that the Prime Minister does not share that view.
I welcome the fact that he has finally admitted that he has failed on NHS waiting lists.
I also welcome the fact that he has finally acknowledged the crisis in NHS dentistry.
He is calling it a “recovery plan”, after 14 years of Tory Government.
What exactly does he think NHS dentistry is recovering from?
As ever—[Interruption.]
Order.
I am certainly not having that from the Opposition Front Bench either.
Please, I want to hear this.
I am hoping that election fever is not coming tomorrow, so let us not behave as though it is.
As ever, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman conveniently forgets the impact of a pandemic on NHS dentistry; it was specifically because of the close proximity nature of dental provision that it was unable to operate as normal throughout the pandemic—that was a recommendation of the medical and clinical experts.
That is why, inevitably, there is a backlog in dental care, with the impact that this has.
But that is why, as my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will outline later today for the House, we are putting in more funding to provide more NHS provision across the country, on top of plans that will see the number of dental training places increase by 40%.
Our plans mean that there will be 2.5 million more NHS appointments, which is, in fact, three times more than the Labour party is proposing.
There are some areas in the country where people literally cannot have an NHS dentist, and the Prime Minister says that that is down to covid.
People are literally pulling out their own teeth—[Interruption.]
Order.
Let me just say that I do not need any more from those on the Government Front Bench either.
Do we understand each other?
People are literally pulling out their teeth using pliers—an experience that can be compared with extracting an answer from the Prime Minister at the Dispatch Box.
The truth is that after 14 years of neglect, this “recovery plan” is just a desperate attempt to recover back to square one.
If he wanted to move forward, he should follow Labour: scrap the non-dom tax status and use the money to fund 2 million more hospital appointments every year.
But the Prime Minister is oddly reluctant to follow us on this.
What exactly is so special about this tax avoidance scheme that means he prioritises it above the NHS?
Let us look at that record.
In the NHS, we have record funding; record numbers of doctors and nurses; a record number of appointments; and higher cancer survival rates.
But what is happening on Labour’s watch in Wales?
Let us have a look at that.
A fifth of people in Wales are currently on a waiting list; the number of waits of 18 months or more is 10 times higher than in England; and people are waiting twice as long for an operation.
Labour’s failure has sent the Welsh NHS back to square one, and we will never let them do that here.
When the Prime Minister admitted that he had failed on waiting lists, I actually thought that we might be entering a new era of “integrity, professionalism and accountability”—remember that one?
But just like all the other relaunches, it has proved to be a false dawn.
He is still blaming everyone else and is still removed from reality.
It is very simple: you can either back more NHS appointments or more tax avoidance.
We know what side we are on; why doesn’t he?
The best way to ensure that we continue to fund the NHS, as we have, is not to make £28 billion of unfunded spending commitments.
Just this morning, independent Treasury officials have published a formal costing of just one part of Labour’s eco promise, its insulation scheme, and it turns out that it will cost double what Labour had previously claimed—it is not the £6 billion that Labour accounted for, but £13 billion every single year.
It is now crystal clear that Labour has absolutely no plan, but we all know it is going to fund that gap: more taxes on hard-working people.