I begin by expressing my heartfelt sympathies to Brianna’s mother, who is in the Public Gallery.
I also send my best wishes to King Charles for what will hopefully be a quick and full recovery.
The public are used to the Tories gambling on the lives of others: Boris Johnson did it with public health during the pandemic, and his immediate successor did it with household finances.
Not to be outdone, on Monday this week the Prime Minister accepted a crude bet regarding the lives of asylum seekers.
In doing so, he demeaned them as individuals and he degraded the office that he currently holds.
Will he apologise?
We may have a principled disagreement on this: I believe, and we believe, that if someone comes to this country illegally, they should not be able to stay and they should be removed.
That is why we are committed to our Rwanda scheme.
As ever, the Prime Minister does himself no favours, because the bet to which I refer was worth £1,000, and it came just hours before he ended  cost of living support worth just £900.
His justification for doing so was that the cost of living crisis is easing.
What does he believe leaves him looking most out of touch with the public: gambling £1,000, or believing that the cost of living crisis is getting better?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the cost of living, but perhaps he can explain to the Scottish people why it is that, while the UK Conservative Government are cutting their taxes, the Scottish Government are raising them?
The thoughts of the people of East Worthing and Shoreham are with His Majesty, too.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has admitted that, since taking office, attendance at the Church of England has dropped by 15%.
In the 10 years to covid, the number of baptisms in the Church of England has fallen from 140,000 a year to 87,000, so Christianity in the UK seems to be on the wane, unless, apparently, you are from a Muslim country in the middle of an asylum claim.
We are now told that one in seven occupants of the Bibby Stockholm has suddenly become a practising Christian.
Given that the Church of England has now issued secret guidance to clergy supporting asylum applications for these Damascene conversions, to whom is the Church accountable?
Are taxpayers being scammed by the Archbishop?
When it comes to illegal migrants, we need to have a system whereby, if someone comes here illegally, they should not be able to stay.
My right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary has asked for more information about the extent to which migrants converting to Christianity is playing a role in our asylum system.
More generally, under our Illegal Migration Act 2023, anybody entering the UK illegally will not be granted asylum here.
That is why we need to have somewhere to send them and why our Rwanda scheme is so important.
The Labour party has blocked these measures every single step of the way, because it does not have a plan and it will not keep Britain safe.
May I, on behalf of my party, extend our best wishes to His Majesty the King for a full recovery?