Why did the Prime Minister downgrade the role of Minister for Disabled People?
What message does he think that sends to disabled people, and will he commit to reconsider that move and ensure that the role is held by a Minister of State?
If not, will he agree to meet with me and disabled people’s organisations to explain his reasoning?
Actually, the Minister for Disabled People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , is going to do a fantastic job, because she cares passionately about this issue.
This Government have a record to be proud of, whether that is supporting many more of those with disabilities into work and ensuring they can live independently, or making sure that children with complex disabilities have access to more changing places across the country.
Those are the values of this Conservative Government.
I would also like to say to Brianna Ghey’s mum, who is here, that as I said earlier this week, what happened was an unspeakable and shocking tragedy.
In the face of that, for her mother to demonstrate the compassion and empathy that she did last weekend demonstrated the very best of humanity in the face of seeing the very worst of humanity.
She deserves all our admiration and praise for that.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on our plan to recover and reform NHS dentistry.
First, though, on behalf of the entire House and my Department, I send our very best wishes to His Majesty the King.
His decision to share his diagnosis will be welcomed by anyone whose life has been touched by cancer, and I know that we are all very much looking forward to seeing him make a speedy recovery and resume his public duties.
Thanks to a once-in-a-generation pandemic, 7 million patients across England did not come forward for appointments with NHS dentists between 2020 and 2022.
Since then, we have taken decisive action to recover services: we have made reforms to the dental contract, so that practices are paid more fairly for caring for NHS patients with more complex needs; and we have made sure that dentists update the NHS website regularly so that the public know that they are taking on new patients.
That has delivered results, with more than 1 million more people seeing an NHS dentist last year than in the year before.
However, we know that too many, particularly those living in rural or coastal communities, are still struggling to find appointments.
This recovery plan will put that right by making NHS dental care faster, simpler, and fairer for patients and staff.
It is built on three key pillars, which I will address in turn.
First, we will help anyone who needs to see an NHS dentist to do so, wherever they live and whatever their background.
To do this, we must incentivise dentists across the country to care for more NHS patients.
That is why I am delighted to tell the House that for the coming year, we are offering dentists two new payments on top of their usual payments for care—£15 for every check-up they perform on NHS patients who have not been seen over the past two years, and £50 for every new NHS patient they treat who has not been seen over the same period—because we know that patients who do not have a relationship with a dentist find it harder to get care.
That is not a long-term ambition: our new patient premium will be available from next month.
We are also increasing the minimum payment that dentists receive for delivering NHS treatments, which will support practices with the lowest unit of dental activity rates to provide more NHS care.
However, we know that in many of our rural, remote and isolated communities, dentists themselves are in short supply.
That is why starting this year, up to 240 dentists will receive golden hello payments worth up to £20,000 when they commit themselves to working in one of those areas for at least three years.
These dentists will give patients the care they need faster, make dental provision fairer and tackle health inequalities.
We are also delivering dentistry to our most remote regions without delay.
This year, we will deploy dental vans to more isolated, rural and coastal areas.
Staffed by NHS dentists, they will offer check-ups and simple treatments such as fillings.
This model has been a tried and tested success across many regions.
For example, last year in Cornwall, a mobile van visited five harbours, treating more than 100 fishermen and their families.
We will be rolling out up to 15 vans across Devon,  Gloucestershire, Somerset, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, Cambridgeshire, Dorset, Cornwall, North Yorkshire and Northamptonshire.
This move has been welcomed by Healthwatch, the Nuffield Trust and the College of General Dentistry.
We will let patients know when vans will be in their area, so they can get the care they need faster.
These reforms will empower NHS dentists to treat more than 1 million people and deliver 2.5 million more appointments.
As the chief executive of National Voices, a group of major health and care charities, said: “This extra money…should help thousands of people who have been unable to see a dentist in the last two years to get the care they need.”
These reforms are just the beginning.
This recovery plan will also drive forward reforms to make NHS dentistry sustainable for our children and our grandchildren.
That brings me to the second pillar: growing and upskilling our workforce for the long term.
Our long-term workforce plan, the first in NHS history, gives us strong foundations on which to build.
By 2031, training places for dentists will increase by 40%—forty per cent—and places for dental hygienists and therapists, who can perform simple tasks such as fillings, will also rise by 40%.
More dentists and more dental therapists will mean more care for NHS patients.
I am delighted to tell the House today that we are going further in three key ways.
First, we will consult on a tie-in to NHS work for dentistry graduates, because right now too many are choosing to deliver private work over valuable NHS care.
More than 35,000 dentists in England are registered with the General Dental Council, but last year almost a third worked exclusively in the private sector.
Training these dentists is a significant investment for taxpayers, and they rightly expect it to result in the strongest possible NHS care.
That is why, this spring, we will launch a consultation on a tie-in for graduate dentists and how this could deliver more NHS care and better value for taxpayers.
Secondly, we will take full advantage of our dental professionals’ skills.
Today, even though they have the right training, without written direction from a dentist dental therapists cannot do things such as administer antibiotics.
This year, we will change this, making life simpler for dentists and making care faster for patients.
As the president of the College of General Dentistry has said, the “use of the full range of skills of all team members will enable the delivery of more care and make NHS dentistry more attractive to dental professionals.”
Thirdly, we will recruit more international dentists to the NHS.
We have a plan to do this by working with the General Dental Council to get more international dentists taking exams and to get them on to the register sooner, and to explore the creation of a new provisional registration status so that, under the supervision of a dentist who is already on the register, highly skilled international dentists can start treating patients sooner, rather than working as hygienists while they are waiting to join the register.
I turn now to our plan’s third pillar, which is prioritising prevention and giving children a healthy smile for life.
This begins by supporting parents to give their children the best possible start.
That is why family hubs up and down the country will offer parents-to-be expert advice on looking after their baby’s teeth and gums.
As those  babies grow up, we will support parents and nurseries in making sure that before every child starts primary school, brushing their teeth is part of their routine.
The evidence is clear: the earlier good habits are built, the longer they will last.
Seeing a dentist regularly is vital for children’s health, but since the pandemic, too many have been unable to do that.
That is why this year we are taking care directly to children.
We will deploy mobile dental teams to schools in areas with a shortage of NHS dentists.
They will apply a preventive fluoride varnish to more than 165,000 reception-age children’s teeth, strengthening them early and preventing decay.
Our Smile for Life programme has already been endorsed by the College of General Dentistry.
Six million people in England already benefit from water fluoridation.
In order to go further in protecting children’s teeth, we will consult on strengthening more of our country’s water with fluoride.
Again, the evidence is clear: in some of the most deprived parts of England, enhancing fluoride levels could reduce by up to 56% the number of teeth that are extracted because of decay.
That is why, through the Health and Care Act 2022, we have made it simpler to add fluoride to more of our water supply.
As a first step, this year we will launch a consultation on expanding water fluoridation across the north-east—an expansion that would give 1.6 million more people access to water that strengthens their teeth, preventing tooth decay and tackling inequality.
This is our Government’s plan to recover and reform dental care: dental training places up by 40%; 2.5 million more appointments; dental vans treating more patients; more dentists in remote areas; more dentists taking on NHS patients; better support for families and better care for children; patient access up and inequity coming down.
It will make life simpler for staff, and treatment faster and fairer for patients and staff.
We have taken the difficult decisions, and we have now delivered a long-term plan to make dental care faster, simpler, and fairer for people across the country.
We are going to get on with the job and put our plan into action, and I commend this statement to the House.
I wholeheartedly associate myself and my party with the Secretary of State’s remarks on sending our best wishes to His Majesty the King.
Having gone through a cancer diagnosis myself, I particularly send best wishes to his family, for whom a diagnosis is often more difficult than for the person receiving it.
Also in the generous spirit in which we have begun, may I thank the Health and Social Care Secretary for accidentally e-mailing me her entire plan yesterday?
That goes above and beyond the courtesy that we normally expect.
I look forward to receiving her party’s election manifesto any day now—but of course we will have to write ours first to give her party some inspiration.
After 14 years of Conservative Government, NHS dentistry is in decay.
Eight in 10 dentists are not taking on new patients, and in the south-west of England the figure is 99%.
One in 10 people has been forced to  attempt DIY dentistry—Dickensian conditions!—because they cannot see an NHS dentist, and they cannot afford to go private.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Baker, I am sorry, but I don’t want any more heckling from you; you did a little bit earlier.
I wanted everybody to listen to the Secretary of State, and I expect them to do the same for the shadow Secretary of State.
Don’t worry, Mr Speaker: I will come back to the Parliamentary Private Secretary shortly.
Tooth decay is the No.1 reason for children aged six to 10 being admitted to hospital.
Unbelievably, there have been reports of Ukrainian refugees booking dentist appointments back home and returning for treatment, because it is easier to fly to a war-torn country than it is to see an NHS dentist in England.
Well, at least one Government policy is getting flights off the ground—and it is certainly not the Government’s Rwanda scheme failure.
Let us look at the human consequences of this Conservative tragedy.
Labour’s candidate in Great Yarmouth, Keir Cozens, told me about Jeanette, a young woman in her 30s who has struggled with gum and mouth problems all her life.
She used to be able to get treatment; now she cannot find an NHS dentist in all of Norfolk to take her.
She cannot afford to go private.
It hurts to smile, it hurts to laugh, and the pain is so great that Jeanette does not go out anymore.
Just this week, she resorted to trying to remove her tooth herself.
That is not right for anyone of any age, but Jeanette should be in the prime of her life.
Will the Secretary of State apologise to Jeanette and the millions like her for what the Conservatives have done to NHS dentistry?
After 14 years of neglect, cuts and incompetence, the Government have today announced a policy of more appointments, recruiting dentists to the areas most in need and toothbrushing for children.
It sounds awfully familiar.
They are adopting much of Labour’s rescue plan for dentistry.
Does that not show that the Conservatives are out of ideas of their own, and are looking to Labour to fix the mess they have made?
I say: next time Conservative Ministers say that Labour does not have a plan, or that Labour’s plan is not credible, don’t believe a word of it.
There are some differences between our two parties’ approaches.
Labour is pledging an extra 700,000 urgent and emergency appointments, which are additional to the appointments announced today.
Can the Health Secretary confirm that the Government’s plan does not provide any additional emergency support?
Labour proposed supervised early-years toothbrushing, and Conservative MPs accused it of being “nanny state”.
Does the Health Secretary stand by that label, or does she now support children under five being supported in brushing their teeth?
The key difference is that we recognise that our plan is a rescue plan, and that to put NHS dentistry back on its feet, immediate reform of the dental contract is needed.
Without that, the Government’s plan is doomed to fail.
Do not just take my word for it; the British Dental Association has said that the plan will not stop the exodus of dentists from the NHS, will not provide a dentist for every patient who needs one, and will not put an end to this crisis.
I come to the Parliamentary Private Secretary,  the hon.
Member for North Norfolk (Duncan Baker) , and the miserable script that the Whips are spreading out on the Table.
If Labour’s contract is to blame, why have the Government not reformed it in 14 years, and why are they not reforming it now?
In 2010, the Conservatives promised in their election manifesto to reform the dental contract.
They are bringing back not just Lord Cameron, but his broken promises.
People have been desperately trying to get dental care for years, but there was nothing from the Conservative party.
Now that we are in an election year, the Conservatives are trying to kick the can down the road, and are scrambling for a plan.
They only discover their heart when they fear in their heart for their political futures, and the consequences have been seen: queues around the block in Bristol.
Finally, the Secretary of State is promising reform after 2025 and after the next general election.
Who is she trying to kid?
After 2025, the Conservatives will be gone, and if they are not, NHS dentistry will be.
How many more chances do they expect?
How many more broken promises will there be?
We had 2010, 2015, 2017 and 2019.
Their time is up, and it is time for Labour to deliver the change that this country needs.
I tried to help the hon.
Gentleman by giving him an advance copy of my speech yesterday, yet that was his speech.
This Government are focused on delivering for patients.
Perhaps I can help him understand the difference between the Opposition’s proposals and the Government’s fully funded dental recovery plan.
The Opposition’s ambitions reach only as far as 700,000 more appointments.
Our plan will provide more than three times that number of appointments across the country—that is 2.5 million, to help him with his maths.
We are offering golden hellos to 240 dentists who will work in hard-to-reach and under-served areas; their proposals cover only 200.
They have no plan for training more dentists; we set out in the long-term workforce plan last year, and again in the dental recovery plan, that we will increase training places for dentists by 40% by 2031.
Then we have the centrepiece of the Opposition’s proposals: making teachers swap their textbooks for toothbrushes—an idea that is hated by teachers and that patronises parents.
We believe that most parents do a great job of looking after their children.
I know that the Labour party does not agree with that; the hon.
Gentleman called our children short and fat on a media round.
We believe that most parents do a great job, and that is why we support pregnant mums-to-be, and support parents in family hubs and nurseries.
We will not wait until reception class, by which time children have already got their teeth.
I want to dwell on the experience of anybody living under Labour in Labour-run Wales.
Health services in Wales are devolved, and the Leader of the Opposition has called Wales “the blueprint” for how the Opposition will run our health system.
Welsh Labour has the highest proportion of NHS dental practices not accepting new adult patients, and the joint highest proportion of those not accepting new child patients.
In Wales, 93% of NHS dental practices are not accepting new adult patients.
That is a higher figure than for any other nation in the UK.
Some 86% of practices there are not accepting new child patients, which is the joint highest figure with Northern Ireland.
Our plan is fully funded, but how will  Labour pay for its plan?
By using the magical money tree.
The list of policies funded by the non-dom policy is as long as my arm.
In 2022, it promised to fund a workforce plan.
Last September, it became breakfast club meals.
By October, it morphed into 2 million appointments and scanning equipment.
By Christmas, it was funding a dentistry plan.
It is the same old Labour: it has no plan.