Securing peace in an unstable world is vital for all of us, so will the Prime Minister examine the findings of a recent report by Policy Exchange that calls for Northern Ireland to play an even greater role in the defence of our nation?
May I start by thanking and paying tribute to my right hon.
Friend for his own leadership over the past few months?
He and I agree that the Union is stronger for the return of devolution and the work that we have done.
I would be delighted to  examine the findings of the report, and I have seen, with my own visits, the vital role that Northern Ireland is playing through the location of firms such as Thales and Harland & Wolff.
However, as he will know, I was delighted that, in last week’s Command Paper, we specifically committed to examining how we can further bolster Northern Ireland’s share of the UK defence sector, because it is another essential pillar of our precious economic Union.
Mr Speaker, does the Prime Minister know where the best site for large-scale, new nuclear in the UK is?
[ “Wylfa!”] Will he commit to buying the Wylfa site—now the only gigawatt site in Wales—this year and ensure that it is progressed as soon as possible to meet our net zero and energy security needs, and give an enormous boost to the Ynys Môn and north Wales economy?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for Wylfa and the nuclear industry.
I can confirm to her that Wylfa is a candidate for the new nuclear site and one of a number of potential sites that could host civil nuclear projects.
No decisions have been taken at present, but Great British Nuclear is working with the Government to support access.
We are also developing a new national policy statement, providing the planning framework for new nuclear power, and we very much welcome her, and other, contributions to that consultation.
Last year, the Prime Minister and other senior Ministers were given the conclusions of a Government audit of research programmes at UK universities with links to the Chinese state.
The audit flagged up hundreds of programmes as being at high risk of potentially being used by the Chinese Communist party for military use, and other applications in strategic and sensitive areas as being of high interest to an authoritarian regime such as China.
A smaller proportion was judged to be extremely high risk.
Despite that, the Government have elected to do nothing about it.
Will the Prime Minister confirm his personal knowledge of that report and explain to the House why no action is to be taken and why these programmes must be continued unimpeded?
We will continue to take a robust and proactive approach towards our relationship with China, rooted in the UK’s national interest and values.
The National Security Act 2023 brings together vital new measures to protect our national security.
That includes creating a foreign influence registration scheme through the Act specifically to tackle covert influence in the UK.
We will continue to take all possible powers to keep the country safe.
Two remarkably talented and enthusiastic individuals from Kettering, Beccy Hurrell and Lindsey Atkins, have put together a really ambitious £2 million bid to repurpose the redundant Gala Bingo hall in Kettering high street into a community arts, music, business and family hub, which would be simply transformative for Kettering town centre.
Will my right hon.
Friend the  Prime Minister please be kind enough to facilitate a meeting for us with the relevant culture and levelling-up Ministers so that we can explore how a combined community ownership fund and cultural development fund bid might get us across the line?