We have very much tried to ensure that dentists who already hold NHS contracts will keep them and keep working them.
That is why we have fallen upon the new patient premium to make it more in their financial interests to take on new patients.
I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s point about retention, which, again, we are looking to address through the increase in the UDA.
But we all acknowledge that dentists are independent contractors, so we must ask them—and particularly those who are new dental graduates—to do their bit and help our NHS out.
A number of NHS dentists across Erewash have recently retired, leaving a cohort of my constituents without access to NHS dentistry.
Unfortunately, practices are finding it really difficult to recruit replacements for the retirees.
How will the plan help speed up that recruitment so that my constituents are not without NHS dentistry for much longer?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work she did in the Department and has done on this subject?
We are taking a long-term view with training dentists.
As I said, last year, through the long-term workforce plan, we set out an ambition to train up to 40% more dentists by 2031.
As we also begin the consultation on a tie-in with those graduates, we are confident that we will see a greater supply of dentists to our NHS services.
The £200 million pledged today is less than half last year’s record-breaking underspend.
The plan says that any underspends will be ringfenced for dentistry.
That was promised by a Minister last year, but it did not happen because integrated care boards were using that underspend.
Why should the 73% of dentists in the west midlands who cannot and are not accepting any new patients believe it will be any different this year?
The hon.
Lady alights on an important fact that is sometimes lost in this debate: although an NHS dentist may have an NHS contract, they may not work the whole of that contract.
Some NHS dentists very much do so; others work a fraction of it.
We are trying to encourage dentists who do not use their full contract to do so, because that in itself will bring in more patients.
We are confident that alongside the new patient premium, that will help constituents such as hers to get the treatment they need.
Wokingham has a fast-growing population based on building a lot of new homes.
So as the Secretary of State rolls out her new plans, will she also ensure that there are incentives to provide dental services on the NHS in areas where a population is moving in and needs them?
My right hon.
Friend raises an interesting point.
Indeed, that is exactly the sort of discussion I am having with my right hon.
Friend the Levelling Up Secretary, because I am really interested in having that connected and joined-up approach between planning and health.
I think it could bring dividends for us all.
I do not believe that what the Secretary of State has described will deal with the complexity of dental problems out there.
I have a constituent who was referred to the Manchester Dental Hospital for a possible abscess and was told that even an urgent referral would take a month.
In fact, the dental hospital did not get back to her for five months after the referral; it offered her a telephone consultation.
The amount of pain and infection meant that she had to seek private treatment at a cost of £4,000, but many cannot afford that, including the young man wheeled into Royal Bolton Hospital in great pain, leaking blood on the floor after trying to remove a painful tooth with pliers.
What does the Health Secretary say to patients who have long-standing and complex dental problems and are paying the price by waiting in pain, paying for private treatment or trying to remove their own teeth?
I take that constituency case very seriously.
I am really keen to urge the hon.
Lady that if a constituent contacts her in future with that level of discomfort and pain, she should advise that constituent to contact 111 and, if necessary, go to accident and emergency—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are shaking their heads, but what she has just described is a serious situation.
That constituent needs medical attention, and the NHS is there, ready and willing to help.
That is the advice that she should be giving her constituents, and I hope that she takes it as seriously as I do.
[Interruption.]
Order.
The Secretary of State was giving an answer to a question.
We do not need all this shouting.
People might not agree with the answer, but you have to listen to the answer.
In congratulating my right hon.
Friend—my personal friend—on this welcome, excellent statement, may I ask her to forgive the ferocity with which my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward  Leigh)  and I made the case for NHS dentistry when we met her recently?
In that spirit, will she ensure that some of these new dentists come to rural Lincolnshire, where we desperately need good dental care?
She has today irrigated the dental desert.
I give my very sincere thanks to my right hon.
Friend.
The House can imagine the advocacy I have received from both him and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) .
On reaching rural and coastal areas, as a proud Lincolnshire MP myself I wanted to bring about a set of plans that will address those underserved areas.
I am delighted that the plan meets with my right hon.
Friend’s approval.