The House enjoyed the words of the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting) , although I am not sure how many he wrote himself; some may have seemed rather familiar to anyone who read Matthew Parris this morning on going to Ukraine to have a filling fixed.
In West Sussex, in Worthing and Arun, we want the same situation found in parts of London, where dentists have a sign saying, “New NHS patients welcome”.
Has the Secretary of State been working with the British Dental Association and the General Dental Council to bring forward registrations, to get incentives right, and to make sure that dentists are no longer told, “You can’t serve any more patients because you will go above your limits”?
Can she confirm that we are taking limits off, so that dentists, especially the young ones, can do as much work as they can, and can help as many patients as possible, so that we can get back to the situation that we were in before Labour changed the rules about 20 years ago?
We have focused this plan on introducing the new patient premium—a bonus for new patients.
Having discussed this carefully with professionals, we think that is one way that we can incentivise people into NHS practice.
Dentists can already work up to 104% of the contract.
Many do that, but some sadly do not, so we are trying to encourage those dentists who already have NHS contracts to go the extra mile and use the full slot available to them.
The Health and Social Care Committee took months gathering evidence and putting together a recovery plan, which the Government should have adopted.
Dentists wanted that plan put in place.
Central to it was reform of the NHS dental contract.
However, the Secretary of State has completely failed to even mention reform of that contract.
As a result, dentistry in my constituency in York, where constituents are waiting seven years to see a dentist, will not have the recovery that she talks about.
Why did she not adopt our plan?
I hope the hon.
Lady will, as usual, be the help that I expect her to be to her constituents in publicising this plan.
We are getting graphics and information out to all Members of Parliament, so that they can help their constituents understand what will be available in their area, because each and every one of us wants the very best for our constituents.
She will be interested in the new patient premium, which is encouraging dentists back into NHS practice, or into NHS practice for the first time, and in the increased price for units of dental activity.
Reform of the dental contract is part of our agenda, but we realised that we needed to give immediate help to communities such as hers.