However, Tony's influence extends well beyond his role with Ford

Motor Company.
He serves as Vice Chair of the Ford Civic Action Fund, a

member of the Executive Committee of the Alliance for Automotive

Innovation, and former Chairman of the Autonomous Vehicle Industry

Association.
These underscore his significant contributions to shaping

the automotive landscape and public policy for the industry.
Tony's service extends deep into the community.
He has served in many

roles in the Sixth Congressional District of Missouri and the Northland

of Kansas City, Missouri, as he has worked to make it a better place to

live and work.
He serves on the Board of Directors for both the

Northland Regional Chamber of Commerce and Liberty Economic Development

Corporation.
He is the President of the Northland CAPS Board of

Directors.
He is the Chairperson of the Board of Directors for the

Kansas City Zoo and sits on the Advisory Council of the North Kansas

City Hospital.
He is the Past Chair Advisor for the Clay County

Economic Development Council.
His service and commitment to our

community is deep and the impact is tremendous.
As a native of Lexington, Missouri, and a proud graduate of Drury

University in Springfield, Missouri, Tony's roots are firmly planted in

our state, and we are incredibly proud to count him a Missourian.
I am

proud to call him a friend.
A strong American auto industry means a strong American economy.
We

live and breathe that in Missouri.
Ford's Kansas City Assembly plant

makes the best-selling vehicle in America, creating jobs not only at

the plant, but at dealerships, suppliers, and other parts of the

community.
Tony's work at Ford helps the company invest in local

communities and make an impact both in Missouri and across the country.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me and the people of

Missouri's Sixth Congressional District in congratulating Tony Reinhart

on his incredible professional milestone.
I am proud to represent Tony

in the United States House of Representatives and wish him continued

success in his career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
LORI TRAHAN

Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend the May 5, 2025 vote

series due to a delayed flight into Washington, D.C. Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
115; and YEA on Roll

Call No.
116.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAMI FRAZIER

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Jami Frazier has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. Frazier was a strong advocate for bringing in government

and non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Jami Frazier has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive

to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JERRY PHILLIPS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Jerry Phillips has made through his volunteerism

with the Area Agency on Aging of Pinellas and Pasco Counties.
Jerry

Phillips began his journey with the SHINE program in 2013 and with his

easy manner and tremendous amount of patience he has put Pasco &

Pinellas residents at ease about their Medicare options.
SHINE,

(Serving Health Insurance Needs of Elders) is a statewide, volunteer-

based program offering free Medicare and Health insurance education,

counseling, and assistance to people with Medicare and their families

and caregivers.