but a kind neighbor gave us a

mattress, a small cooking stove which helped keep us warm,

and other utensils.
I found a job running a small grocery.
I was paid meager

wages.
Grandmother mended clothing and bartered her wine

rations for food.
We scoured the nearby forest for chestnuts

and firewood.
My only warm dress, made from a blanket, was

destroyed beyond use by mice.
Deliverance finally came with the liberation of Voiron in

August 1944 by American soldiers, the ``greatest

generation,'' the generation of many of your grandparents.
They gave us crackers, chocolate, and, of all things, chewing

gum, something I'd never known.
But above all, they gave us

freedom.
Still, I had no knowledge of my mother's fate.
I

kept hoping she would come back.
She never did.
Later I

learned what happened.
At Drancy, she had volunteered to

accompany a trainload of children to Auschwitz, 1,000 miles

east, a horrific journey of several days and nights.
They

were packed into freight cars like animals.
No water.
No

food.
No sanitation.
No windows.
No place to sit let alone

room to lie down.
All this was in the heat of August.
Upon

arrival, all who survived the journey were murdered in gas

chambers.
Such was my mother's fate.
She was thirty-one years old.
It is always difficult for me to tell my story.
But I am

compelled to tell it because of the global surge in

antisemitism, including here in the United States.
While it

is reassuring that our government--in your hands--is

addressing it at the highest levels, it is troubling that it

has to be addressed at all.
It doesn't take much history to

teach us that what starts with hatred of the Jewish people

does not end there.
What are the conditions that nurture antisemitism?
Ignorance.
Intolerance.
Indifference.
Injustice.
That is why

Holocaust education is so vital.
That is why this country

must again lead this fight, as it has done for just causes so

often and so nobly in the past.
That is my story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 8, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 12

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To receive a closed briefing on space superiority.
MAY 13

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Richard

Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Air Force, Adam Telle, of Mississippi, to be an

Assistant Secretary of the Army, and Matthew Napoli, of

Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense

Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security

Administration.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of David

Fink, of New Hampshire, to be Administrator of the

Federal Railroad Administration, David Fogel, of

Connecticut, to be Assistant Secretary and Director

General of the United States and Foreign Commercial

Service, and Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General

Counsel, both of the Department of Commerce, and Robert

Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Amtrak

Board of Directors for a term of five years.