May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF COLONEL RICHARD TUCKER

HON.
BARRY MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the

outstanding contributions, hard work, and legacy of Colonel Richard

Tucker.
His dedicated service to Alabama and the United States has made

a lasting impact on the lives of many.
Colonel Richard Tucker is a graduate of the United States Military

Academy in West Point, New York, where he was commissioned in 1998.
Mr.

Tucker served as Chief of Staff at Ft.
Novosel, U.S. Army Aviation

Center of Excellence.
Colonel Tucker has served our Nation throughout a remarkable career

spanning multiple continents, commands, and combat zones.
He is highly

decorated for valor and meritorious service, and his leadership has

been instrumental across a wide array of assignments, from commanding

aviation units in North Carolina, Central America, and Korea, to

shaping strategic initiatives at the U.S. Army Aviation Center of

Excellence.
He has deployed in support of critical operations in

Bosnia, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Haiti, and Central America.
A

Master Army Aviator and Senior Parachutist, Colonel Tucker holds

advanced degrees in psychology, human resources, and strategic studies.
His legacy of leadership, dedication, and excellence will leave a

lasting impact on Army Aviation and all who have served alongside him.
I would like to congratulate Colonel Richard Tucker on his well-

deserved retirement and thank him for his service and dedication to the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MILTON HUDSON

HON.
BARRY MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the

outstanding contributions, hard work, and legacy of Mr. Milton Hudson.
His dedicated service as a World War II Navy Veteran has made a lasting

impact on our country.
Mr. Hudson's time in the Navy has shown his bravery, dedication, and

deep love for his country.
Throughout Mr. Hudson's military service, he

has had the honor of receiving the Asiatic-Pacific Ribbon, a

Commendation by Captain Strauss of the U.S. Navy, an American Campaign

Ribbon, and a Victory Medal.
I would like to wish Mr. Milton Hudson a Happy 98th Birthday and

thank him for his great service to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WJBC RADIO'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ERIC SORENSEN

Mr. SORENSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a true

institution in Central Illinois--WJBC Radio--as it celebrates its 100th

anniversary.
For a century, WJBC has been the trusted voice of McLean

County, keeping families informed, entertained, and connected to the

heart of our community.
As an avid listener and frequent guest, I know firsthand the

dedication of WJBC's incredible team--past and present--who have made

this station a pillar of local journalism.
From legendary broadcasters

like Don Munson and Steve Vogel to today's voices like Scott Miller,

WJBC has been a reliable source of news, sports, and thoughtful

discussion.
WJBC continues to cement its legacy as a cornerstone of regional

media--but more than that, WJBC has been a constant companion to its

listeners, always delivering the stories that matter most.
On this

historic milestone, I congratulate WJBC on 100 years of excellence and

look forward to many more years of trusted reporting and community

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ROSE-HELENE SPREIREGEN

HON.
BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER

Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record remarks from

Rose-Helene Spreiregen, a holocaust survivor.
Never, as a young Jewish girl hiding in France during World

War II, could I have possibly dreamed of standing where I am

now.
Never could I have imagined addressing democratically

elected representatives, in a country where people can live

freely, a country that I love.
My name is Rose-Helene Spreiregen.