May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOAN MOORE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Joan Moore has made through her work with Gulfside

Healthcare Services.
Since February 2022, Joan Moore has touched the

lives of over 10,000 hospice patients and their families through giving

her time, talent, and treasure with Gulfside Hospice.
With a servant's

heart, Joan quietly, yet passionately finds ways to support one of the

most vulnerable groups in her community--the elderly.
Joan's journey

into volunteering began later in life.
At nearly 79 years old, instead

of slowing down, she stepped up when she heard Gulfside needed

volunteers.
In just three years, she has donated more than 3,650 hours

of her time to Gulfside Hospice.
Inspired by her mother, a longtime hospice volunteer, Joan has always

felt a deep connection to those in hospice care.
Facing her own health

challenges, including chronic pain and limited mobility, only deepened

her empathy.
Now retired from a successful career in sales and as a

former actress and model, Joan remains driven to stay active and give

back.
She began by helping with clerical tasks in Gulfside's Philanthropy

department and soon joined the Women for Gulfside group in May 2022.
Since then, she has played a key role in fundraising efforts supporting

programs that rely entirely on donations, such as care for uninsured

patients, family bereavement support, and Pet Peace of Mind<register>,

which helps hospice patients care for their pets.
Joan also contributes

to Gulfside's four major annual fundraising events, offering hands-on

help, inkind donations, and support wherever it's needed.
In 2024, Joan

made a generous gift to the Raising Hope for Hospice capital campaign

to help build a new in-patient unit in New Port Richey.
The soon-to-

open Gulfside Center for Hospice Care will provide 24-hour support for

patients in their final days, meeting a critical need, thanks in part

to donors, like Joan.
Now nearly 82, Joan's energy, wit, and compassion

continue to inspire everyone she meets.
While many her age focus on

slowing down, Joan stays energized and youthful by serving others.
Her

mind is always on how to help--then doing exactly that.
Joan is truly a

Hero Among Us.
As she puts it, ``I started volunteering to help others

but never realized it would help me too.
It has given me more joy than

I could ever imagine.
Volunteering for hospice saved my life, and I

hope it does the same for others too.''
It is clear Joan Moore has made a profoundly positive impact on our

commuity, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to serve

our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOHN WAJDOWICZ

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that John Wajdowicz has made through his work at The

Pasco County Sheriff's Citizen Service Unit (CSU).
A truly dedicated

public servant, John always carries himself with professionalism and is

quick to offer a helping hand to anybody who needs one.
John has been

volunteering with the Pasco Sheriff's Office since 2021.
He usually

volunteers at least three days a week, as well as most special events

that the CSU is asked to help out with.
John is relied upon throughout

the year to train new CSU members.
During the year 2024, John provided

the agency and his community with 1,320.25 volunteer hours.
John has

been instrumental in updating forms and practices within the CSU.
His

input has been especially helpful in the creation of an electronic

Daily Activity Report, which captures trackable information pertaining

to the calls-for-service handled by CSU Volunteers.