MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 12

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To receive a closed briefing on space superiority.
MAY 13

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Richard

Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Air Force, Adam Telle, of Mississippi, to be an

Assistant Secretary of the Army, and Matthew Napoli, of

Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense

Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security

Administration.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of David

Fink, of New Hampshire, to be Administrator of the

Federal Railroad Administration, David Fogel, of

Connecticut, to be Assistant Secretary and Director

General of the United States and Foreign Commercial

Service, and Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General

Counsel, both of the Department of Commerce, and Robert

Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Amtrak

Board of Directors for a term of five years.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine East Africa and the horn,

focusing on a turning point or breaking point.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine competition issues in the

prescription drug supply chain, focusing on pharmacy

benefit manager power play.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Disaster Management, District of Columbia,

and Census

To hold hearings to examine the insurance industry's

claims practices following recent natural disasters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine perspectives from the field,

focusing on conservation.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense missile

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the

Future Years Defense Program.
MAY 14

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine FAA reauthorization one year

later, focusing on aviation safety, air traffic, and

next generation technology.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine trade in critical supply

chains.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and

Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Environmental Protection

Agency.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Sean

McMaster, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the

Federal Highway Administration, Department of

Transportation, John Busterud, of California, to be

Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste,

Environmental Protection Agency, and Adam Telle, of

Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army,

Department of Defense.
1:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Health and Human Services.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to American

innovation and economic leadership.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine financing America's

manufacturing and industrial boom.
3 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and

United States Capitol Police.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold oversight hearings to examine delivering

essential public health and social services to Native

Americans, focusing on Federal programs serving Native

Americans across the operating divisions at the

Department of Health and Human Services.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine preparing for disasters,

focusing on unique challenges facing older Americans.
MAY 15

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine pipeline safety

reauthorization, focusing on ensuring the safe and

efficient movement of American energy.