Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Jerry Phillips has made through his volunteerism

with the Area Agency on Aging of Pinellas and Pasco Counties.
Jerry

Phillips began his journey with the SHINE program in 2013 and with his

easy manner and tremendous amount of patience he has put Pasco &

Pinellas residents at ease about their Medicare options.
SHINE,

(Serving Health Insurance Needs of Elders) is a statewide, volunteer-

based program offering free Medicare and Health insurance education,

counseling, and assistance to people with Medicare and their families

and caregivers.
Since 2013, Jerry has demonstrated his commitment and dedication to

serving seniors through the SHINE Program.
Jerry has provided more than

2,000 hours volunteering since 2013.
He continues to educate seniors

and people with disabilities about Medicare ensuring they have the best

possible

healthcare.
Since 2013, Jerry has also served as the Pasco County Local

Coordinator for SHINE Volunteers within the Area Agency on Aging as

well as a Florida Statewide SHINE Trainor.
He has traveled around the

state for the Florida Department of Elder Affairs educating SHINE

Volunteers.
Jerry is a true advocate and can be relied on to accept any

challenges that arise.
In addition to Volunteering with the SHINE program he is a Lay Pastor

in his church and has spent time assisting with Metropolitan

Ministries, the Shepard Center in Tarpon Springs, Cares Senior Center,

and other non-profit organizations.
He also volunteers with the

Supervisor of Elections and as an election worker during the voting

season.
In addition to his volunteer work, his wife Phyllis, who is his

high school sweetheart of 50+ years, and his children and grandchildren

keep him busy.
It is clear Jerry Phillips has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOANNE GILLESPIE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Joanne Gillespie has made to our community through

her volunteerism at NAMI Hernando.
Joanne is a retired Exceptional

Student Education (ESE) teacher and current Board Secretary of NAMI

Hernando since 2017.
In these roles, she has been a dedicated champion

for mental health education and inclusion.
As the mother of an adult

son living with schizophrenia, Joanne brings both personal insight and

professional experience to everything she does.
NAMI is grounded in the

power of lived experience, and Joanne embodies that mission

wholeheartedly.
For eight years, Joanne has taught Family-to-Family

classes and led Family Support Groups, offering encouragement and

understanding to others walking a similar path.
She is also a certified

instructor for Mental Health First Aid and Wellness Recovery Action

Plan (WRAP), further extending her impact in the community.
In addition

to her peer support and education roles, Joanne chairs NAMI Hernando's

Fundraising Committee and has been an active contributor to the Finance

Committee, helping guide sustainable growth for the organization.
Her

thoughtful insight and nurturing spirit bring clarity and compassion to

board decisions, and she has played a key role in streamlining internal

communications and administrative processes.
Joanne's background as an

educator gives her a unique perspective on the emotional and

developmental needs of families and youth.
She frequently goes above

and beyond to offer support, guidance, and hope to those navigating

complex mental health systems.
Whether advocating for youth mental

health, organizing community events, or mentoring families, Joanne is a

voice of wisdom, patience, and grace.
It is clear Joanne Gillespie has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOAN MOORE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.