Title: HONORING THE CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS OF MS.
CHRISTINA L. RICHARDS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
76

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS OF MS.
CHRISTINA L. RICHARDS

HON.
DON BACON

Mr. BACON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional career

achievements of Ms. Christina L. Richards, a committed civil servant,

decorated veteran, and a constituent of the 2nd Congressional District

of our great state of Nebraska.
Today she works as Executive Director

Command at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska.
In this role she is

responsible for overseeing the Inspector General's staff which includes

conducting Inspector General inquiries, analysis, investigations and

inspections, as well as providing technical advice for the command.
She previously served in the U.S. Air Force for over 21 years, where

her hard work and dedication enabled her to work her way to the top.
Ms. Richards started her military service as an Air Force loadmaster

where she worked on over twenty campaigns and operations.
She then

served as adjutant for a KC-135 training squadron and later as Chief of

Protocol at Altus Air Force Base in Oklahoma.
As she advanced in rank

and experience, Ms. Richards was given more authority and

responsibility, ultimately becoming a Detachment Commander with the Air

Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI).
In this position she

performed critical work in Colorado, California, Hawaii, the Republic

of Korea, and Qatar.
As an AFOSI Detachment Commander she directed

felony-level criminal investigations, counterterrorism operations,

protection of the President, and defensive and offensive

counterintelligence and counterespionage operations.
After retiring from the Air Force, Ms. Richards continued to serve

her country.
Among her many positions, she served for more than six

years in United States Strategic Command's Missile Defense and

Combating Weapons of Mass Destruction Division, where she led the

command's Missile Defense Issue Team, several Deputy Secretary of

Defense-directed Strategic Portfolio Reviews, the Secretary of Defense

Combatant Command Review 1.0 and 2.0 for missile defense matters, and

the President of the United States-directed 2019 Missile Defense

Review.
She co-authored a proposal for transfer of the missile defense

mission from USSTRATCOM that was ultimately accepted and included in

the 2022 Unified Command Plan.
Ms. Richards' major awards include the Omaha-Lincoln Federal

Executive Association Team of the Year and Supervisory Employee of the

Year; DoD's Best Force Protection Program Team Award; the FBI

Director's Award for Exceptional Service in the Public Trust; and

multiple awards of the Meritorious Service Medal; the Air Medal; the

Aerial Achievement Medal; the Meritorious Unit Award; the USAF

Outstanding Unit Award; the Combat Readiness Medal; and other military

medals and decorations.
Ms. Christina Richards' dedication, service, and leadership stands as

a testament to the hard work and loyalty of the service men and women

members of the United States Armed Forces.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TONY REINHART

HON.
SAM GRAVES

Mr. GRAVES.
Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize a dedicated

constituent of Missouri's Sixth Congressional District: Mr. Tony

Reinhart.
Tony is celebrating his thirtieth year with Ford Motor

Company, a remarkable professional milestone.
Tony's three decades of

devoted service is an exceptional achievement that reflects his deep

commitment, expertise, and enduring leadership within one of America's

most iconic corporations.
Throughout his tenure, Tony has held various critical roles.
He

currently serves as Ford

Motor Company's Head of State, Local and Stakeholder Government

Affairs.
In this vital capacity, he leads a team to navigate the

complex systems of state and local governments in order to strengthen

the American auto industry.
However, Tony's influence extends well beyond his role with Ford

Motor Company.
He serves as Vice Chair of the Ford Civic Action Fund, a

member of the Executive Committee of the Alliance for Automotive

Innovation, and former Chairman of the Autonomous Vehicle Industry

Association.
These underscore his significant contributions to shaping

the automotive landscape and public policy for the industry.