There continue to be unacceptable delays in processing Access to Work applications, both for my constituents in Torbay and across the country.
This leads to fears among disabled people that job offers will be withdrawn by their would-be employers.
What reassurance can the Minister give the Chamber that the Government have plans afoot to tackle that backlog?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
We had a manifesto commitment to try to tackle the backlog.
We have put more staff in place to deal with that backlog, but we have more to do, because it is important that disabled people are able to take up jobs that are offered to them.
We need to make sure that that is a scheme that works.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase uptake of pension credit.
This Government have been running the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign.
In the latest stage, we are now writing to all pensioners who make a new housing benefit claim and who appear to be entitled to pension credit, directly targeting them and encouraging them to apply.
The rate of take-up for pension credit has traditionally been between 60% and 65%.
If that rate were uplifted, it could take 400,000 people out of income poverty.
In Dorset, the number of over-65s has increased by about 20% over the past decade.
People say  that their biggest concern is the paperwork they have to complete.
The applications contain up to 225 questions purely for pension credit, and many pensioners would easily be able to claim for things like the carer addition through a slight tweak in the paperwork.
What is the Department doing to simplify and combine those applications to make life easier for pensioners?
We are already doing a lot to simplify the process; it now takes 16 minutes on average to complete an online form, and 90% of people apply online or over the phone.
However, the hon.
Lady is completely right to highlight the fact that we must do more, including by simplifying the form.
We continue to keep that under review, and I am always interested in ideas about how we can go further.