The Minister is right to stress the independence of the Sentencing Council, but would he accept that he cannot criticise the shadow Secretary of State for having a view on these draft guidelines when the Secretary of State herself did exactly that?
I also ask him to consider in this debate the real purpose of a pre-sentence report.
It is there to give more information about an offender, but it also enables a judge to impose a non-custodial sentence if they believe that is the appropriate course.
It is hard for a sentencer to do that, unless someone has been assessed as suitable for a community penalty.
Whatever the rights and wrongs of this debate, is it not important that the Sentencing Council makes clear that what is important in deciding whether to ask for a pre-sentence report is whether that extra information is needed and not anything else, including protected characteristics?
That is exactly what the Lord Chancellor is saying.
Does the Minister agree that there is a fatal flaw in the case of the shadow Justice Secretary: his party worked for months to develop the very guidelines about which they now complain?
Does the Minister further agree that rather than desperately scoring an own goal for his party, the right hon.
Member should get behind this Government’s reforms to clear up the mess left by the Conservatives?
To be fair to the Conservatives, they did not work on the guidelines, but they were consulted on them, and they did respond to them in a positive way.
I note the comments by the chair of the Sentencing Council Lord Justice William Davis, who said that both Labour and Conservative Ministers, or their representatives, had known about the plans since 2022 and did not object.
While I am disappointed that the Government are only acting reactively now, does the Minister not agree that the shadow Secretary of State has no shame and that it is hard to take his faux outrage seriously when this is just another audition for Tory leader?
The hon.
Lady has said what everybody else in this House and outside it is thinking.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservatives have some explaining to do, given that the Sentencing Council’s consultation on the guidelines that recommended differing approaches for those from an ethnic minority background was undertaken during the previous Government, that the previous Government was a statutory consultee and that it was welcomed by the Government at the time?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The previous Government were fully involved in the consultation, and not only were they fully involved, but they welcomed it.
Coming to this fresh, as one without a legal background, it seems to me that there are matters here of very great importance that ought to be properly debated by this House.
Does the Minister agree that this is yet another classic example of where the much-vaunted separation of powers is likely to interfere with the process?
This is the third consecutive week in which we have discussed this in the House.
We discussed it in the Lord Chancellor’s statement, we discussed it at Justice questions last week, and we are discussing it again today.