Supporting people back into work is not only the right thing to do for the UK economy, but the fair and compassionate thing to do for people stuck in the welfare system.
However, over the past few days, a significant number of people have contacted my constituency office with profound concerns about what they have heard and read in the press.
Does the Minister agree that by removing the culture of fear and creating a nurturing environment, we can help people back into work and give them the support they need not just to survive but to thrive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are determined to provide proper support, which existed in the past, but disappeared after 2010.
We want to provide that support again because so many people would thrive if they had it.
At the moment there  are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who would love to be in a job if they just had the support.
We will provide it.
For weeks, the Government’s active trailing of welfare cuts has generated genuine fear.
Disabled people in Brighton Pavilion are writing to me in terror.
Will the Secretary of State apologise for this and reassure the public that benefit changes will not take place this calendar year or without parliamentary votes in this House?
First, I recognise that there has been a good deal of anxiety, and I regret that.
But there will not be long to wait.
The proposals will soon become clear.
The hon.
Lady will welcome a great deal of the changes that we want to make.
As a human rights city, York believes that disabled people should be at the heart of all decision making.
How have disabled people formed the Minister’s views in making these changes?
Have they been at the heart of the decision making?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Our manifesto has a firm commitment that the views and voices of disabled people should be at the heart of everything that we do.
Over the past week I have had discussions with a number of disabled people’s fora.
When we come forward with our proposals shortly, we will consult extensively with disabled people and their organisations about the right way forward.
The Government announced billions of cuts to the Department; then, over recent days, Ministers have made U-turn after U-turn, and in the media round over the weekend were spinning out of control.
Is there anything meaningful left to announce from the Secretary of State’s original welfare plans?
The Conservative party, which left a broken welfare system that is failing the people who depend on it and taxpayers, had 14 years to put it right.
We know what their legacy is.
Hon.
Members will see the proposals soon, but we will not shy away from the decisions that we believe are right to give opportunities to people who can work, security for those who cannot, and to get the welfare bill on a sustainable footing.
Today’s Telegraph has done a right hatchet job on the most socially deprived ward in my constituency.
The people of the East Marsh are sick and tired of journalists taking a day trip to write their poverty porn stories about people who are proud and keen to play their part in society in every way that they can.
They have sought to pit older people against younger people, highlighting the NEET record.
The young people in that ward are as keen to work as anyone else, but they need the jobs to do it.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having about that?
There will be no greater representative for her constituents than my hon.
Friend, who rightly said that they want the right chances, choices and support to work, as anyone else does.
That is why we are creating  good jobs in every part of the country through our modern industrial strategy.
We are improving the quality of work and making work pay through our Employment Rights Bill.
Our get Britain working plan will give the work, skills and— Order.
It is topical questions.
I have a few Members still get in.
It is right that the welfare system supports those with disabilities.
However, does the Secretary of State agree that social media influencers who are teaching people to game the Motability system in order to get free vehicles is a disgrace?
If so, what does she intend to do about it?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that this issue falls under the umbrella of wider fraud.
We inherited an appalling level of fraud in the welfare system under the previous Government.
Our fraud Bill goes some way to tackling that, as part of a broader package of £8.6 billion—the largest ever package for tackling fraud.
Given that nearly half of families in poverty have a disabled member and that without PIP an additional 700,000 disabled households could be pushed into poverty,  I am concerned that the rumoured cuts will not help people into work but instead drive them further into destitution.
What assurances can the Minister give me that the voices of disabled people have been heard and reflected on in the upcoming Green Paper?
I give my hon.
Friend a firm assurance that not only have we been listening, but we shall continue to listen once the proposals have been published.
I have previously urged the Secretary of State to liaise with the Department for Communities in Northern Ireland over its pitiful pursuit of benefit fraud.
In the same vein, is the Minister aware that of the 39,000 new vehicles registered in Northern Ireland last year, 18,000 were under the Motability scheme?
Is that not indicative of appalling abuse of that scheme?
Will he raise with the Department for Communities what it is doing about that?
The Motability scheme is highly valued by disabled people around the UK.
If the hon.
and learned Gentleman has examples of misuse of that scheme, I would very much like to see them, but it is  a scheme that is greatly prized right across the House.
I think he would discover that if he talked to other Members about it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the Sentencing Council’s publication of community and custodial sentences guidelines.
The Sentencing Council is independent of Parliament and Government.
The council decides on its own priorities and workplan for producing guidelines.
The Sentencing Council consulted the previous Government on a revised version of the imposition guideline, which included new guidance on pre-sentence reports.
That consultation ran from November 2023 to February 2024.
The previous Government responded to the consultation on the guideline on  19 February 2024 .
The former sentencing Minister,  the hon.
Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) , who is now the shadow Transport Secretary, wrote to the chair of the Sentencing Council thanking him for the revisions to the guideline.
In particular, he thanked the council for fuller guidance on the circumstances in which courts should request a pre-sentence report.
The Lord Chancellor was clear about her discontent with the guideline when it was published.
It is our view that there should not be differential treatment before the law.
The House will be pleased to hear that the Lord Chancellor met the chair of the Sentencing Council last week, and the discussion was constructive.
It was agreed that the Lord Chancellor will set out her position more fully in writing, which the Sentencing Council will consider before the guideline is due to come into effect.
In just 14 days, new two-tier sentencing rules will come into force.
These sentencing rules will infect our ancient justice system with the virus of identity politics, dividing fellow citizens on the basis of their skin colour and religion.
The rules will ride roughshod over the rule of law and destroy confidence in our criminal justice system.
The stakes are high, but the Justice Secretary seems clueless—in fact, she is not even here.
Has the Department conducted an assessment of the additional pre-sentence reports that will be required and the impact of that on the Probation Service, given that it is already working above capacity?
Is it considering providing the Probation Service with additional resources to cope with the extra demand?
Does it expect the additional pre-sentence reports to lead to further delays in our courts?
I ask these questions because not only do these new rules violate the most foundational principle of equality before the law, but they also create immense pressure on the criminal justice system.
If the Justice Secretary wanted to stop two-tier justice, she would have supported my Bill on Friday.
She would have used her powers of appointment to sack the individuals who drafted the rules.
Time is running out, and so is confidence in the Sentencing Council.
Frankly, the public are losing confidence in the Justice Secretary and her Ministers, too.
I cannot escape the conclusion that the Justice Secretary actually supports these two-tier sentencing rules.
Why?
Because she supported a group that called the criminal system institutionally racist.
Her representatives walked through the two-tier guidance and approved it, and she  refuses to legislate to block the guidance coming into force or to take any sanction against the members of the Sentencing Council that drafted it.
If there is one thing we know about Labour Governments, it is that they always end in tears.
This time, it is a second-tier Justice Secretary pursuing two-tier justice, all to suck up to her boss, two-tier Keir.
There is one thing that we know about Labour Governments: they always have to clear up the mess left by Conservative Governments.
That is what the Lord Chancellor is doing at the moment.
She is clearing up the mess left by the previous Government: the clogged-up the courts, the overflowing prisons and the overworked Probation Service.
Getting back to the facts of the case, the Lord Chancellor met the Sentencing Council last Thursday and had a constructive discussion.
It was agreed that she will set out her position more fully in writing, which the Sentencing Council will then consider before the guidance is due to come into effect.
This is serious government, not auditioning for government.
The Conservatives were not only consulted; they welcomed these guidelines when they were in office.
The former Minister for sentencing wrote a letter of welcome to the Sentencing Council setting this out on  19 February 2024 .
There is a process in place now that needs to be allowed to play out.
We will not pre-empt that process.