The Minister is an honourable man, and I have to ask a question on behalf of the victims, if he does not mind.
He will understand that any reform of sentencing must have victims at its heart.
For most victims, their concern is not the ethnicity of the perpetrator, but the severity of the crime and the lasting impact on their life.
Many victims today will feel that the sentencing guidelines play politics with justice.
How can victims be assured that justice will mean time served for crimes committed, and will not be based on ethnicity?
Justice is blind, and so must sentencing be.
The hon.
Gentleman will not be surprised to learn that I agree with him.
The victims Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , is sitting next to me; we take victims very seriously.
That is why there is a victims’ representative on the sentencing review panel.
We need to make sure that victims are at the centre of whatever we do.
I have met too many victims already in this role, and every time I meet them, it is very difficult—a little difficult for me, but hugely difficult for them, because they live this.
It seems like every week we are back here, dealing with culture wars— Order.
Is that a reflection on me granting the urgent question?
I am beginning to feel that it is aimed at me.
We have this urgent question today because I thought it was appropriate, not because we have it every week.
Right, let’s have somebody else.
Judging by the lack of action, it appears that the Justice Secretary is comfortable with changes that she has described as two-tier coming into effect in just two weeks.
We have heard that she is unhappy; if she really is, can the Minister tell the House and the country what the Secretary of State is doing, other than holding cordial and cosy meetings, to prevent two-tier justice?
The Lord Chancellor has made her position clear.
She immediately met the Sentencing Council, and she is writing to it again to set out her concerns, and the Sentencing Council has committed to responding to them quickly.