The Minister says that the situation is completely clear, so I feel like a bit of an idiot for asking for more clarification, but I will anyway.
Pre-sentencing reports are allowed to take in further background on the lives of offenders from an “ethnic minority, cultural minority, and/or faith minority community”.
What is the definition of a cultural minority, and are our veterans considered a cultural minority?
The hon.
Member reads out a phrase that was welcomed by the previous Government, but that the Lord Chancellor is objecting to and talking to the Sentencing Council about.
On Wednesday, I challenged the Prime Minister directly on two-tier justice, and gave him the opportunity to confirm that he would back the shadow Justice Secretary’s Bill to stop this in its tracks.
In his attempts to scramble out of giving that commitment, he said something which has been repeated today: that the previous Government were consulted on and welcomed the guidance.
However, the Sentencing Council has already put in writing that the wording is different and so would lead to a materially different outcome.
The Government failed to take the opportunity that the shadow Justice Secretary presented them with to block this change.
Was the Prime Minister right in what he said, or is the Sentencing Council right?
They cannot both be.
The letter the previous Government wrote to the Sentencing Council during the consultation is clear.
The previous Government were not just consulted; they welcomed the guidance.
The initial version of the guidance included reference to specific cohorts of offenders, including ethnic minorities.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In his response to the urgent question, the Minister has repeatedly told the House that the previous Government approved the guidelines.
In particular, he besmirched the name of the former sentencing Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) .
What the Minister said to the House today was wrong.
On page 4, paragraph 4, of the Sentencing Council’s letter of  10 March  to the Justice Secretary, it made it perfectly clear that the guidelines published under this Government were materially different from those considered by the prior Government.
In fact, the Minister’s official was present at the meeting of the Sentencing Council at which this version of the guidelines was signed off.
Will he take the opportunity to correct the record?
I am afraid that he has misled the House not once, not twice, but on numerous occasions today, and that is quite wrong.
Order.
Nobody misleads the House; the right hon.
Gentleman means “inadvertently” misled the House.
I do hope it was inadvertent, Mr Speaker.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I do not believe that I inadvertently misled the House.