I suspect there might be quite a spike in the number of Geordies not in work today, given the cup final at the weekend.
I recently visited Azure, a charity in my constituency that provides learning and work opportunities, especially for young people with learning disabilities, and heard about the incredible work it does to provide young people with hands-on experience in a hospitality-based learning environment.
Will the Secretary of State detail what more the Government can do to support charities such as Azure to provide these vital opportunities?
I congratulate Azure on its brilliant work.
I believe that charities and voluntary organisations have an essential role in getting people on the pathway to work and success.
I know from the supported internship programmes that have been run in my constituency, including through my local hospital, that young people with learning difficulties can, with the right support, get those jobs and get that work.
That is what this Government want to deliver.
I am increasingly concerned by the rising number of young people in Milton Keynes who are out of work due to mental health issues, which I think is a key factor behind the nearly 12% increase in young people claiming unemployment benefits in Milton Keynes  since 2024.
Can the Secretary of State outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that these young people have the support and opportunities they need to continue to improve their health, secure stable employment and live independently with better living standards?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the number of young people not in work due to mental health conditions, which has increased by over 25% in the last year alone.
The number of young people who are economically inactive due to poor mental health now stands at 270,000.
That is why we are focusing on early intervention, providing mental health support in every school and recruiting an extra 8,500 more mental health staff, and from April we will be launching our youth guarantee and trailblazers to ensure that every young person is earning or learning.
The Derby Promise recognises that children and young people are the future of Derby by bringing together businesses and organisations across our great city to give children meaningful, aspirational experiences, whether at iconic factories, or cultural or sports venues.
We know, however, that children already face limits on their future career aspirations by the age of seven.
Will the Minister outline what work her Department is undertaking to support children in Derby and across the UK from an early age to raise their future career aspirations?
Will she also agree to visit Derby to see the Derby Promise in action?
I or one of my team will definitely visit the Derby Promise.
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern that young people are ruling out future careers at a young age.
I met with the Careers and Enterprise Company on Friday, and they told me that children are ruling out careers by their gender at age seven and by their class by age nine.
For the Labour party, that is not good enough.
I hope the Derby Promise will be involved in the youth guarantee in the east midlands, led by the mayor, Claire Ward, because we have to unlock the potential of every young person if they and this country are to succeed.
Like young people in Portsmouth North, in Cramlington and Killingworth, and in Derby South, young people in Glastonbury and Somerton face barriers to their employment, education and training due to poor public transport infrastructure.
Research has shown, however, that a 1% improvement in public transport time could support a 1% reduction in employment deprivation.
What steps is the Minister taking, alongside Cabinet colleagues, to remove barriers to employment, education and training in rural areas?
The hon.
Lady makes a really important point, and it is one that mayors and local leaders raise with us regularly, as well as families who are struggling and children and young people in poverty.
That is why we believe it is so important to put mayors and local leaders in the driving seat of change, so that they can link up transport, skills and job opportunities, as part of our plans.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment and I have been working closely with local leaders to ensure that happens, because if people have to get work, the transport must be in place.