We heard yesterday that the Cabinet had not yet seen the welfare plan that the right hon.
Lady is apparently due to announce tomorrow.
Given all the media briefings, the apprehension of disabled people and the growing number of people not working, none of us would want to see that delayed.
Can she assure us that she has got collective agreement so that she can announce her plan here in this Chamber tomorrow?
The hon.
Lady will have to show a little patience.
She talks about plans, but we have seen her and the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) , making claims in various newspapers about their plan—but there never was a plan.
The former Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , actually admitted that during the election when he said that the numbers had already been scored.
The only thing that the previous Government ever put forward was ruled illegal by the courts.
They had 14 years to put this right; this Government will act.
I listened hard to the right hon.
Lady’s answer but, given everything I heard, I still do not think she has the support of Cabinet colleagues, with less than 24 hours to go.
It was a no.
There is never a good time for millions of people to be out of work, but as the world gets more dangerous we can afford neither the benefits bill nor the waste of human potential.
Given the opposition of the right hon.
Lady’s party to welfare reform, can she assure me that her planned reforms will grasp the nettle and bring the benefits bill down?
That from a member of a Government who left one in 10 working-age people on a sickness and disability benefit, one in eight young people not in education, employment or training, and 2.8 million people out of work due to long-term sickness.
That was terrible for them—for their life chances, incomes and health—and terrible for taxpayers who are paying for an ever-spiralling bill for the cost of failure.
Unlike the Conservative Government, who wrote people off and  then blamed them to get a cheap headline, we will take decisive action, get people into work and get this country on a pathway to success.
The number of young people not in education, training or work is disproportionately high in areas such as Hartlepool —something the Conservative party did nothing about in 14 years.
How will the Secretary of State ensure  that opportunity for young people reaches every part of our country?
We will never get this country growing again unless we provide good jobs, hope and opportunity in every part of the country, including my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
He knows that his region has one of the highest levels of people not in education, employment or training.
Our youth guarantee will ensure that every young person is earning or learning, and I look forward to working with him to deliver that on the ground.