The Minister for Social Security and Disability was kind enough to come to the launch of the “What comes after education?” report by National Star and the Together Trust.
One key finding of that report is that young people with disabilities face particular problems when trying to access work.
The system is set up against them and workplaces are set up not to work for them, yet many of them want to do whatever they can to find meaningful employment.
When Ministers are making decisions about upcoming welfare changes, I hope that report will be on their desks and that it will be properly considered.
Absolutely, and the hon.
Gentleman will indeed be hearing more about our plans, which will include proper employment support to help people on a pathway to success.
We also have our “Keep Britain Working” review, led by the former boss of John Lewis, Charlie Mayfield, which is looking precisely at what more employers can do, with support from Government, to create healthier, more inclusive workplaces and to guarantee that disabled people who can work have the same rights and choices to work as everybody else?
Much like the constituencies that have been mentioned, my young people in Chichester are struggling to find work and that is no more apparent than for those with learning difficulties, so will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Together Our Community, or TOC, which provides work experience for young people with learning disabilities aged 18 to 35 to show that they do have something to offer the workforce?
TOC is about to open its own café and centre for these young people.
Will the Secretary of State outline what support is available for such charities and join me at its opening next month?
I join the hon.
Lady in congratulating TOC; it sounds like it is doing fantastic work.
On Friday, I was talking to the headteacher of a special needs school near my constituency, who was saying we absolutely have to ensure that work experience, careers advice and working with voluntary groups are all part of the package of support we put in place.
If possible, I or one of my colleagues will certainly come and see the work that TOC is doing, because charities and voluntary groups are absolutely critical to this Government’s plans.