The Secretary of State co-chairs the child poverty taskforce.
Will she confirm that its brief will be very wide-ranging, including looking at children in poverty in dispersed rural communities such as mine, but also taking practical steps to tackle poverty among migrant children whose parents have no recourse to public funds?
Absolutely.
The child poverty strategy is looking widely at how we can: increase people’s incomes, including through work; reduce costs; ensure families   are more financially resilient, looking at issues like debt and savings; and give all children the best start in life, no matter their background or where they live.
Will the Minister provide an update on the JobsPlus pilot and what assessment has been given to its future roll-out, including widening it to include Suffolk Coastal?
JobsPlus pilots were launched in July 2024 and are helping to address employment barriers for the residents of 10 social housing communities.
We plan to publish our initial evaluation in the summer, which will help us to understand more about how this type of innovative community-led employment might support our vision to get Britain working.
I look forward to working with all Members, especially my hon.
Friend, on the next steps for this project.
There are many fantastic organisations across Bromsgrove and the villages, including Legacy Martial Arts, the Basement Project and the Scouts, which do fantastic work to support young people.
The work done by the committed individuals behind those organisations bolsters the confidence, skills and mental health of young people.
Will the Minister join me in thanking those organisations for the work they do across my constituency?
Will she outline what support is available to those organisations to support them in the valuable work they do?
I absolutely join the hon.
Member in thanking all the organisations he mentions.
If he could link them up with his local jobcentre, we can help make the connection between young people who have suffered disadvantage and that really positive community support that is available for them in his constituency.
That would be very helpful.
Nearly one in seven young people in the UK are not in education, employment or training.
That is an 11-year high.
Given that Slough is the youth capital of Britain, what are the Government doing to ensure that young people there have the opportunities to build the successful careers and futures that they so fully deserve?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, there are important opportunities in Slough that the young people growing up there need to be able to take advantage of.
That is why we launched our youth guarantee as part of our plan to get Britain working.
It will be there for 18 to 21-year-olds.
Again, I encourage my hon.
Friend to work with his local jobcentre in Slough as we improve the support available for young people.
My constituent Sarah left an abusive relationship but, after she applied for maintenance, her ex-partner denied parentage, putting the children through DNA tests; delayed matters; claimed special expenses; and then declared nil earnings, despite having just bought a house with a mortgage—all accepted with no investigation.
He is now being asked to pay back his arrears of thousands of pounds at £1 per month.
What is being done to review  the burden of proof on income, to support parents and children who are being financially abused even after they have left relationships?
As the hon.
Lady may know, the Department recently consulted on a range of proposals for future improvements to the child maintenance service, such as how we can protect people from financial abuse and better support victims of domestic abuse.
I am obviously not familiar with the specifics of the case she references, but I would be more than happy to follow up if she writes to me about it.
Pension credit claims, as we have heard, have increased by 64%, and I commend the Minister and the Department for making that happen, as well as Citizens Advice in Stroud and bureaux throughout the country.
However, there are 800,000 people who earn just above that limit and live in poverty.
I wonder whether, when a fiscal situation arises, the Government will review the cap, and indeed the gradient of this benefit.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight both the progress that has been made and the hard work of the voluntary sector, including citizens advice bureaux across the country.
We must continue recent progress, and we shall certainly do so.
I would like to highlight that our support for pensioners goes far wider, including the 4.1% increase to the state pension and to the level of pension credit, as my hon.
Friend mentioned, in just a few weeks’ time.
At a constituency meeting last week, I was told that small businesses are starting to ask employees to go self-employed as they cannot otherwise keep roles open because of forthcoming national insurance contribution rises and extra employment laws.
Will the Department watch out for this trend in its data, in case it was not the Government’s intention to make workers less secure with these new taxes and more regulations?
Since we took office, we have published research, reports, data and other bits of information that the Department for Work and Pensions had previously been sitting on.
The hon.
Lady can rest assured that we monitor employment trends and are keen to ensure that the DWP is far more transparent about data than it  has been.
My constituent Heidi recently moved off benefits and back into work, only to find she is earning less than when she was on benefits.
Meanwhile, my constituent Tyrone is blind, autistic and has cerebral palsy, and, although he is an aspiring DJ, may struggle to find permanent work.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we take a balanced approach, supporting those who cannot work with protection, dignity and security while ensuring that those who can go back  into work?
My hon.
Friend sets out exactly the balance that we need to strike with our plan: proper employment support on the one hand, which has not been available   in the past, and dealing with work disincentives in the current system on the other.
When he sees the proposals shortly, I think he will welcome the measures we are planning.
Can the Minister reassure people who have had an amputation or have schizophrenia, terminal cancer or uncontrolled epilepsy that tomorrow’s announcements will not mean a cut in their social security?
As we have already made clear today, we are absolutely determined to protect those who need to be protected in the proposals we are bringing forward.
I think the hon.
Lady will welcome and be reassured by the proposals when she sees them.
There are currently thousands of disabled children and adults across the country, including in Hyndburn and Haslingden, who cannot access their childhood tax funds.
How is the Minister working to address this issue with the Ministry of Justice to help families to gain quick and easy access to these funds?
Will he give further consideration to increasing the scope of the DWP appointee scheme to cover child tax funds and junior individual savings accounts up to £5,000?