When the Government scrapped universal entitlement to the winter fuel payment, they said that all 880,000 people eligible for it would get it through pension credit.
We now know that that did not happen; they have got fewer than 120,000 new pensioners enrolled.
More than three quarters of a million of the poorest pensioners have missed out on vital support this winter, so will the Minister tell us whether that was the plan all along—to save money at the expense of the poorest pensioners—or will he admit that he has completely failed in his duty towards the poorest elderly people in our society?
The lesson I have learned is from the last Government, who put up pensioner poverty year after year—it increased by 300,000 over the course of the last Government.
This Government have run a pension credit take-up campaign that has seen an 81% increase in applications since July compared with the same period last year, and 46,000 more awards compared with that period.
That is what a Government doing their job looks like.
That is 45,000 more awards than in the same period last year, but 880,000 people are eligible—that is a pathetic achievement, and the Government have spent millions of pounds on advertising this.
We still have thousands of people waiting for their winter fuel payment, and the winter is over, so it is a little late for the Government’s next advertising plan.
The fact is that we still do not know who has missed out, what the waiting time for those payments was, and what the effects have been on pensioner poverty or on hospital admissions, which have increased significantly for pensioners.
Given the scandalous failure of their pension credit campaign, will the Government release all available data on the impact of the winter fuel payment cut?
We have already released significant data on that and, as I say, data was released just weeks ago showing the unparalleled success of the campaign to drive up pension credit take-up.
Now we are concentrating on increasing support for pensioners right across the board, because the biggest disgrace of the last Government was where they left the health service that our older generations rely on.
We are turning that around, day after day.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of jobcentres on economic growth.
Supporting everyone to find good, meaningful work and helping them to progress is vital for economic growth.
That includes disabled people who want to work and contribute, but who are let down by the current system.
Jobcentres have a key role to play in that, and through creating a new jobs and careers service, we will help more people get into work and get on at work, supporting our ambition for an 80% employment rate.
I am fortunate in my community that we have an above average number of 18 to 24-year-olds, but when I was talking to the manager of the Hatfield jobcentre just last week, they said that the single biggest barrier to young people getting into work is their mental health, which a number of colleagues have spoken about in the Chamber today.
Can the Minister say a little more about our objective of helping young people into work?
Does he agree that the only way we will succeed in growing the economy is by helping those people overcome the barriers with their mental health?
My hon.
Friend is correct to highlight the importance of tackling economic inactivity in order to drive up economic growth.
This Government understand the negative effects that unemployment can have on mental health, particularly among young people, which can impact future prospects.
The youth guarantee will help address barriers faced by young people to ensure that they can access quality training opportunities and apprenticeships or help to find work, boosting their confidence and giving them the very best chance of success in the workplace.
A few weeks ago, I visited Salisbury jobcentre and I met Kirstie Reakes and George Thornley, who are helping me organise a jobs fair on  Thursday 8 May .
They could not have been more helpful.
Their encyclopaedic knowledge of the local jobs market and businesses was impressive.
Will the Minister congratulate them and thank them for the help they are giving me with the jobs fair in Salisbury Guildhall on  8 May ?
Will he also reflect on what incentives jobcentres could have to reach out to businesses and deepen their knowledge of local labour markets?
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct to raise the issue of jobcentres reaching out to local employers.
We know that we have a significant issue with whether the jobcentre is the vehicle of choice to advertise local job opportunities.
That is a long-standing issue that we are keen to address.
I am delighted to congratulate his local jobcentre on the work it is doing to promote the jobs fair.
What assessment she has made of recent trends in levels of unemployment.
Official unemployment currently sits at 4.4%, which is clearly much lower than the historic high of 11.9% in June 1984.
However, today’s official unemployment level masks the legacy of the Conservatives’ recent period in office, which saw the number of people off sick rise to nearly 3 million, concentrated in places with employment rates well below the national average, creating a vicious circle where people are forced to leave the place they love for the chance of a career, and where those who are left do worse and worse.
That is why, as part of our “Get Britain Working” reforms, we are building a new jobs and careers service that will be locally tailored and will help everyone find access to support to get a good, meaningful job and to progress in work.
Compared with this time last year, almost 500 more people are on the claimant count in Basildon and Billericay.
Almost 100 of those are under 25.
How many more will have to be made unemployed before Labour Ministers listen to charities, GPs, supermarkets, manufacturers and care providers?
They visited me in my constituency and said that Labour needs to think again about its catastrophic national insurance rise which, before it even hits in April, is already costing the jobs of my constituents.
We have a significant reform plan to make sure that we tailor jobcentre support towards the needs of employers, because there is still a significant number of vacancies out there that young people should be making the most of to start their career and progress in life.
That is why we have a new employer strategy, so that the Department for Work and Pensions can serve businesses properly.
Disabled people often face additional barriers when trying to get back into work.
Does the Minister acknowledge that rather than freezing or cutting their benefits, we will need to invest in those people to help them back into work and to sustain them there?
Yes, I do agree.
We see potential in every single person in the country, and many of those who have been written off and left on the scrapheap deserve a much better pathway back into work.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle fraud in the welfare system by serious and organised criminal gangs.
The Department works collaboratively with other Departments and with law enforcement agencies on investigations of benefit fraud carried out by organised criminal gangs.
New powers in the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, which was mentioned earlier by the Minister for Employment, will strengthen our ability to tackle organised crime by modernising and enhancing our investigation powers, granting DWP officials powers of search and seizure, and ensuring that those who defraud the public sector face appropriate consequences.