Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that there will be an analysis alongside the Green Paper on the impacts it will have on poverty, employment and health?
I can confirm to my hon.
Friend that we will produce a full impact assessment in due course.
When I was a Minister in the Department for Work and Pensions, working with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on reducing welfare dependency, getting 1,000 more people into work each and every day, and delivering record numbers of people into work, the Labour party opposed us every step of the way.
Can I take it that the Government’s recent conversion to reducing the benefit bill is only about conning the Office for Budget Responsibility into thinking that they will balance the books after their disastrous Budget, rather than because they really believe in it?
I remember extremely well when the right hon.
Lady was a Minister in the Department—it was very striking how the disability employment gap, which had been falling up until 2010, suddenly stopped falling and plateaued from that moment on.
We will deliver a decisive shift to early intervention, helping people to stay in work, and renew fairness and trust in the system.
We will provide personalised support so that those who can work can get the jobs that they want.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of incentives to seek employment.
The introduction of universal credit and the policy choices of the last Conservative Government seem to have had some effect on people’s propensity to be in work.
In January, the Department for Work and Pensions published data showing that of the increase in the incapacity benefits caseload since the 2018 universal credit roll-out, 30% of the rise in claims could be explained by foreseeable demographic change and the effect of the structural alterations to the benefit.
That leaves 70% of the increase that we do not have data to explain, but the Office for Budget Responsibility and others have drawn attention to the structure of social security and the changes over the past decade.
On publishing the analysis I just mentioned, I told the House that the previous Conservative Government took decisions on social security that “segregated people away from work and forgot about them.”—[Official
Report,  29 January 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 366.]
I stand by those comments.
The people of Spelthorne are very hard-working and do not mind their taxes being paid for a safety net for the most vulnerable in our society, but they really do get annoyed when they see their taxes going to people who are scamming the benefits system.
What assessment have any of the Ministers on the Front Bench made of so-called sickfluencer sites—social media platforms where people are shown how to game the benefits system?
Have any of them looked at those sites?
Are they a good or bad thing?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill is going through the House at the moment.
The issue  that he has raised is at the forefront of the attention of the Minister for Transformation, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) , who will take every step he can to deal with issues in that area.
On Friday I visited Stansted airport, a huge employer for my constituency, and found out about the important work it is doing with the DWP and the jobcentre to get long-term unemployed people back into work.
What work is the Department doing with organisations such as Stansted airport to promote good practice, such as that at Stansted and Working Minds in my constituency?
Through my hon.
Friend, I give my thanks to everybody at Harlow jobcentre, because it sounds like they have their shoulders to the wheel in getting job opportunities for people who need them.
When we arrived in the Department, we uncovered that there was not nearly a good enough relationship between the Department and employers.
That is why we put a new strategy in place to do the basics well: there is a single point of contact and we are making sure that there is on-the-job training that is tailored to specific employers.
We will be doing more to promote change in that area, but I thank everyone in Harlow for the efforts they are making.