Back in the autumn, the right hon.
Lady said “we will not allow young people not to be in education, employment or training.”
How is it possible then that since Labour has been in office there are 100,000 more young people in exactly that situation?
The hon.
Lady had 14 years to solve the problem and the Conservatives’ record is clear: nearly 1 million young people not in education, employment or training, which is one in eight of all our young people; and the number of young people with mental health concerns who are out of work has now reached 270,000.
That is the legacy of 14 years of Conservative government, and it is a legacy that this Government are determined to change.
I asked about what has happened “since” the right hon.
Lady’s party has been in government: it is her Chancellor’s tax on jobs and economic mismanagement that are costing young people opportunities.
Instead of taxing jobs, Labour should have been ready with a plan for welfare reform at the time of the Budget.
They have spent nine months trying to cobble one together and still we wait.
Why did the right hon.
Lady not make any plans in opposition, and does she regret that?
Conservative Members had no plan.
Even their own former Chancellor admitted that the numbers were made up.
The only thing they put forward were proposals on the work capability assessment, which have recently been ruled illegal by the courts.
They had no plan, but they had a clear record: leaving people behind, writing them off and putting them on the scrapheap.
This Labour Government will turn that around and get people, and our country, on the pathway to success.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of removing the two-child benefit cap.
The two-child benefit cap was introduced by the Conservative party 10 years ago.
Its period in office saw child poverty rise to over 4 million and one in three of our children arriving at primary school not ready to learn.
As soon as the Secretary of State and I were appointed, we got to work to establish our child poverty taskforce, as promised in Labour’s manifesto, and those efforts are ongoing.
A BMJ study found that people in food poverty have diets with worse health outcomes including more fat, sugar and salt, so what conversations has the Minister had with the Health Secretary about how lifting the two-child benefit cap could improve diet and reduce costs for the NHS?
The Health Secretary
and I talked about child poverty many times as we sat on the Opposition Benches watching the situation for our kids get worse and worse every year.
The Member makes a very serious and important point about the wide-ranging consequences of poverty and, if I may, I would encourage him to submit the evidence he mentioned to the child poverty taskforce so that we can take full account of it.
One in two children in my constituency live in poverty.
There is a lot of speculation swirling around the excellent child poverty taskforce, which I applaud the Government for establishing, including that the cap could be lifted for under-fives, which would affect fewer than 20,000 households compared with the 440,000 households which currently are affected by the two-child benefit cap.
Can the Minister reassure the House and the country that the child poverty taskforce is looking to support all children in poverty, whatever decisions it comes up with, and not just a small segment of them?
Yes, I can.
All children matter.
We are taking account of a considerable range of different policy options, carefully working through the impact that they would have, but all the children in this country matter.
Whether she has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade on the potential impact of the Employment Rights Bill on employment rates.
I meet regularly with Business and Trade Ministers.
We are committed to working with businesses to ensure that policy is pro-employer and pro-worker.
Boosting wages will increase workforce participation, helping employers fill vacancies and supporting us to reach our ambition of 80% employment.
With many Labour Members claiming that they care about young people being employed, has the Minister’s Department made assessments about the employment impact of the decision to introduce minimum guaranteed hours for students and young people who rely on the flexibility of being able to pick and choose their work hours, particularly those who are working in the hospitality sector, which is being decimated by this Government?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is referring to the ban on exploitative zero-hours contracts, but if somebody wants a flexible hours contract, then that is a good thing, and nothing in the changes prevents that.
In fact, since I have been at the DWP, I have found that employers have not had sufficient contact from jobcentres and only one in six employers think about using them.
When getting young people a proper range of choices and jobs through the jobcentre, not nearly enough work has been done to serve employers better.
That is what a real growth agenda looks like from DWP.
Lá Fhéile Pádraig Sona Duit—a happy St Patrick’s day to you, Mr Speaker, and all your team.
The disability employment gap stands at 30% and countless disabled workers end up out of work because their employers refuse to make simple changes that would help them to do their jobs.
Does the Minister agree that the default right to flexible working in Labour’s Employment Rights Bill will help many disabled workers to keep the jobs they love?
What else can the Minister’s Department do to help more disabled people to find and keep work?
May I first say how great it is to hear the beautiful language of Irish spoken in this Chamber?
With the increase in conditions that can be variable over time, the flexible working right will help people.
The Minister for Social Security and Disability and I are working closely with disabled people’s organisations, charities and others to think about how we can build those pathways into work as we change jobcentres and improve employment support, ensuring that raising disability employment rates is at the heart of those changes.
What steps she plans to take to ensure that disabled people are adequately financially supported in her planned reforms to benefit entitlements.
What steps she is taking through the benefits system to support disabled people.
We will be reforming the current broken system of health and disability benefits.
We will bring forward a Green Paper with proper plans very soon, setting out how we will help disabled people who can work to do so, while fully supporting the most severely disabled as well.
Work is good for us: it is good for our physical and mental health, and for our general wellbeing.
When someone can work, it is essential that they are given all the support to do so.
That said, it is also imperative that those who are sick, vulnerable or disabled are always protected.
Does the Minister agree that striking the balance between supporting those who can work and protecting those who cannot work must be central to any welfare reform?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
That balance will be at the heart of the Green Paper that we are bringing forward.
We will deliver proper employment support for disabled people, which has been taken away since 2010.
We will deal with the incentives to inactivity that the current system presents.
Of course, there will always be people who are unable to work through disability or ill health, and we are committed to fully supporting them too.
My constituents in Eastleigh who support and help to care for disabled family members are desperately concerned about any potential cuts to benefits, including personal independent payment.
They include Laura, whose son is registered blind, and Debbie, who helps to care for her disabled daughter and is herself disabled.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that disability benefits for people who are unable to work will not be cut?
I am concerned about the level of anxiety and speculation that has been around over recent weeks.
I am sad that that has happened and that people have been concerned, but the current welfare system is failing the very people it is supposed to help—the people it is there for.
Our aim is to make the system sustainable so that it will be there for people now and in the future.
When the hon.
Lady sees the proposals, I think she will see how we will deliver on that commitment.