My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of the 4.1% increase in pension credit that will take place in just a few weeks’ time, and I can tell him that about 3,000 people are claiming pension credit in North Durham.
He is also right to mention the more than £25 billion that the Government are investing in the NHS.
The unacceptable state of the health service is the biggest betrayal of older generations by the Conservative party, and we are going to change that.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of unemployment in Stoke-on-Trent.
In the year to September 2024, 4.7% of working-age people were unemployed in Stoke-on-Trent, but as I said earlier, that often masks bigger problems relating to economic inactivity, frequently caused by ill health.
We propose to join up work, health and skills support, and to ensure  that local areas throughout England have “Get Britain Working” plans so that every part of the country has a plan to grow.
It is clear that the Government are making a serious attempt to remove the barriers preventing people with mental health conditions from entering work.
May I issue an invitation to the Minister, and commend to her the work of the combined healthcare trust in Stoke-on-Trent and its peer support mentors?
These are people who have overcome mental health challenges and now work with other people struggling with their own mental health to build confidence and opportunity.
Whatever plan the Government introduce, work of this kind should be central to it, and I think that if they came to see it, they would be very impressed.
I would love to come to Stoke—[Interruption.]
There are so many football-related jokes that I could make at this point, but I will not trouble the House.
I would love to come to Stoke, and not just on a wet Tuesday night.
My hon.
Friend makes the case for exactly the strategy that underpins our reform, which is to join up health and work support.
I have seen in my own constituency the power of peer mentors for mental health conditions, and I would love to come and see the brilliant work that my hon.
Friend has described.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the welfare system in supporting disabled people into work.
Many disabled people want to work but were written off and failed by the last Government.
Our work aspirations survey of health and disability claimants found that a third wanted to work at some point in the future if their health improved or the right job was available, and 200,000 said that they would work now if they got the right support.
This Government will ensure that disabled people who can work have the same rights and chances to work as everybody else, because that principle of equality is what this Labour Government are for.
Christopher, a resident of Talke in my constituency, was badly let down by a flawed PIP assessment—one that lacked basic humanity and empathy.
With reports of welfare reforms in the media, he is now deeply worried about what the future holds.
What steps will be taken to ensure that people like Christopher are treated with fairness and dignity, and given the support that they need?
I say to my hon.
Friend and his constituent that treating people with dignity and respect is absolutely at the heart of this Government’s plans.
Having been a constituency MP for 14 long years under the Conservatives, I know that there will always be people who cannot work because of the severity of their disability or illness, but I also meet—day in, day out—disabled people who are denied the chance to work, for many different reasons.
That is what we want to put right, to ensure that the social security system is there for those who need it, and not just now but for years to come.
As the Secretary of State looks at reform, is she considering the PIP reassessment process?
For people whose conditions will not get any better, would it not be sensible to relieve them of the burden of that reassessment process unless they wish to be reassessed?
That would be less distressing for them, it would save money in the system, and it would allow people who do need reassessment to be reassessed faster.
I agree with a lot of what the right hon.
Gentleman says.
Patience is never my greatest virtue, but I ask him and the House to be patient and to look at the full proposals, which we will put forward imminently.
What steps her Department is taking to support care leavers into employment.
The Department supports care leavers aged 16 to 24 through an extensive range of interventions to help them into employment.
For example, care leavers who start an apprenticeship are signposted to a £3,000 bursary from their training provider, and they can still receive universal credit if they are on a low income.
More broadly, under the new youth guarantee, all young people aged 18 to 21 in England, including care leavers, will have access to support to enter employment, education or training opportunities.
Some 39% of care-experienced young people are not in education, employment or training—three times the average rate—and that is costing the UK over £145 million a year in lost tax revenue alone.
We cannot achieve the ambition of getting Britain working unless we unlock the potential of this amazing group of young people.
Do Ministers agree that we need to take bold, imaginative action to radically improve the number going into work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct to highlight those statistics.
The number of care leavers not in education, employment or training is absolutely unacceptable, and he will be stunned to hear that I am in full agreement with him.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This week is Sign Language Week, and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability will be speaking in the Backbench Business debate to mark Sign Language Week on Thursday.
This week is also Neurodiversity Celebration Week.
Neurodivergent people face particular barriers to employment, with less than one in three in work.
Everyone deserves the chance to fulfil their potential, so we recently launched a new independent panel to advise us on these issues.
The experts on the panel, including neurodivergent people themselves, will present their recommendations to us later this year, and I very much look forward to their findings.
Last week I visited the Crumbs project in my constituency.
Crumbs provides training for people with disabilities and mental health conditions to get the professional skills they need to go into the hospitality industry, and the personal skills they need to live independently, and 90% of its trainees move into employment.
Given the Secretary of State’s commitment to bringing people with long-term health conditions and disabilities back into work, what more support can she give to successful programmes such as Crumbs?