Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Leon Garcia, as we celebrate his retirement as American Canyon's longest serving mayor.
After moving to American Canyon in 2000, 
Mr. Garcia quickly began his career in public service.
In 2002, he was sworn in as a city council member, marking the beginning of his service to the community.
Following his council term, 
Mr. Garcia made history as American Canyon's first elected mayor.
Known affectionately by his team as the `listener-in-chief,' 
Mr. Garcia's attentive approach earned him nineteen years in the mayor's office.
As mayor, 
Mr. Garcia earned his resident's trust by putting them first.
He promoted healthy growth and expansion measures including overseeing the expansion of hundreds of new homes, ushering in warehouses in industrial areas, and supporting the Watson Ranch wetland's trail access initiatives.
Mr. Garcia has been a strong advocate for the City's Broadway District Specific Plan since 2017.
This project is designed to transform Highway 29 from an auto-oriented commercial area into a multimodal town center.
Beyond his mayoral duties, 
Mr. Garcia's dedication to service extends to numerous organizations at local, regional and statewide levels.
He's been an active member of Napa Valley Waste Management Authority, Napa County Flood and Water Conservation District, American Canyon Community & Parks Foundation, Napa Valley Transportation Authority, Napa County League of Governments, Association of Bay Area Governments, the League of California Cities North Bay Division, and the Napa Climate Action Committee.
He has also served on the board of important not-for-profits organizations such as the Napa County Hispanic Network and Community Action.
In his professional career, 
Mr. Garcia was a registered nurse for thirty-four years: twenty-seven at Napa State Hospital and seven at Yountville Veterans Home.
Mr. Garcia is also a family man.
He's proud of his large, blended family of six adult children, three grandchildren, and his lovely wife Eva.
Over the decades, 
Mr. Garcia has demonstrated his dedication and commitment to American Canyon, and we wish him well in his retirement.
As such, it is fitting and proper that he be honored for his 24 years in public service.