AI is already prevalent in the workplace and in the education system, and we need to equip the next generation to be able to use AI tools productively and securely while also delivering on their unique potential as human beings.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to ensure that the AI tools that are used in our education system support this kind of learning?
Specifically, what advice has she given to the Department with regard to the procurement of edtech tools, which are widely available?
Some are free and some need to be paid for, so how are schools to decide which to use?
As I have said, I work very closely with my counterparts in the Department for Education.
Earlier this year, we launched safe standards for the sector and provided guidance on how to safely develop AI tools for education.
The DFE has also provided guidance to schools on how to safely use AI in schools.
That work is ongoing.
As I have said, we are working both with the sector and with educators to make sure that we get this right.
When he plans to bring forward legislative proposals on AI.
As soon as we have legislative proposals on AI, we will introduce them to the House and let the right hon.
Member know in the usual way.
Is the Minister aware of the concerns about the proposed creative content exchange, which appeared without consultation in the creative industries sector plan?
Will he confirm that any AI legislation will not seek to impose a statutory licensing model, but will instead facilitate a market-led, dynamic licensing model based on robust copyright law and enforceable through meaningful transparency?
The right hon.
Member has become terribly Eeyore-ish of late—he has been eating too many thistles, I think.
The truth of the matter is that this is a really good idea.
It is only at an embryonic stage.
It was consulted on in the creative industries taskforce, which is led by Baroness Shriti Vadera and Sir Peter Bazalgette.
Of course we will consult with everybody else in the sector about how we can make this work, but it could be an answer to ensuring more licensing of creative content by AI companies and, importantly, remuneration for the creative industries.