It is clear that we have entered a new and uncertain era.
Putin’s imperialism represents a once-in-a-generation threat to our security.
We must maintain the effectiveness of the UK’s independent nuclear deterrent to stop Putin or anyone else launching a nuclear attack.
It remains the ultimate guarantor of Britain’s security.
We support more investment in our defence capability, but we need more detail on the proposed use cases for the F-35As, and on their relation to our existing strong deterrent through Trident.
We also need a clear explanation of why the Government have chosen this priority over others.
There are still huge gaps in the armed forces, including as a result of 10,000 troops being cut by the Conservatives, and those gaps need filling if we are to show Putin that we are serious.
Can the Minister confirm whether the Government will move further, faster, in rebuilding the strength and size of the other essential guarantor of UK security and deterrence—the British Army?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady supports these measures.
As I have already made clear, this decision is not at the expense of buying more F-35Bs, which we will do.
The extent to which we fully implement the strategic defence review, and the order in which we implement its recommendations, will be decided through our investment plan, which is being worked on now and will be fully published and available in due course.
There is no doubt that, as she says, the threats we face are increasing.
We need to make sure that we are capable of deterring those threats, with our allies in NATO, and this decision will assist us in that.
By joining the NATO nuclear mission, we will be able to play our part.
As we said in the SDR, our policy is “NATO first”, and our commitment to NATO is unshakeable.
I commend the Government on the prompt procurement of the F-35A fixed-wing, which is of huge strategic importance, but this is already creating great uncertainty in Lancashire—in Chorley, Mr Speaker, and in my constituency of South Ribble—where the workforce of the Typhoon Eurofighter live.
Can the Minister please assure me that the Government will still be constant in looking to procure the Typhoon aircraft for the RAF?
Also, with our NATO partners all increasing their defence spending, is there not a huge opportunity to urge them to procure the Typhoon Eurofighter as well?