It is disappointing that the Deputy Prime Minister could not give that cast-iron guarantee, but if the Government pursue the Bill next week, we will pursue this matter on behalf of carers.
Given the reports that the Government are giving a green light to President Trump’s demands for a state visit to be brought forward to September, does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that the UK should urgently convene talks with the White House in advance of the visit in order to leverage it to secure US guarantees for Ukraine, including the use of frozen Russian assets, and to secure a joint UK-US message to Putin that together our two countries will not let him win his illegal war?
The UK Government are always in discussions, negotiations and talks with our US counterparts.
We are really pleased that the US President is coming for a second state visit, and we will continue to welcome in that vein and continue to have those discussions.
In Oldham, 727 families are currently living in temporary accommodation, and 8,000 families are on the waiting list.
That obviously has a devastating impact, particularly on children in those families.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how she will use the £39 billion that was allocated to her Department in the spending review to fix the housing crisis left by the Opposition, so that families in Oldham, Saddleworth and wider can get the affordable homes they need?
My hon.
Friend is right, and as neighbouring MPs we know the impact that temporary accommodation and children being homeless has on their life chances.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue, and to highlight the excellent work of Dr Laura Neilson, who is supporting us to develop a cross-Government homelessness strategy.
All children should have a safe and secure home.
That is why I am so proud that we have confirmed the biggest boost to social and affordable housing investment in a generation.
We are getting on with the job, after the mess that the Conservatives left behind.
My colleagues and I identify with the comments around de-escalation in the middle east.
I hope that the Deputy Prime Minister will condemn recent disorder on the streets of Northern Ireland, as the Prime Minister and my colleagues have done.
Does she  accept that the Windsor framework, although sold to this House as a trade issue, is fundamentally impacting the ability of this sovereign Parliament to legislate on a UK-wide basis on matters of immigration?
Will she commit to ensuring that the Government continue to challenge robustly the expansionism that is currently before the courts?
If not, will she legislate to ensure that we as a country can control our own borders?
First, I do condemn the violence on the streets.
Provisions in the Belfast/Good Friday agreement referred to in article 2 of the Windsor framework sought to address the long-standing and specific issues relating to Northern Ireland’s past.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman is assured that we are appealing on a number of the laws relating to article 2 in the courts, including the Supreme Court.
I hope he will also be assured by the reality that the Government have consistently applied and enforced immigration law on a UK-wide basis.
The Government will take all necessary steps to defend that position, just as we will remain committed to protecting rights across the whole UK, as it should be Parliament that makes rules on immigration.
Last night, “Newsnight” covered the  three-year investigation into the nuked blood scandal, in which thousands of troops had blood and urine monitored and even chest x-rays during nuclear weapons testing, but the results were kept from their medical records and their suffering was denied for decades.
I am a fierce supporter of those men and their families, and the Deputy Prime Minister has met them with me, so does she agree that, in this Armed Forces Week, time is now of the essence, and these elderly veterans deserve answers, justice, and an apology?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her campaigning work on this issue.
I have met some of those affected and know their strength of feeling; I have heard their deeply personal testimony of their experiences.
Especially during Armed Forces Week, I pay tribute to all nuclear veterans and their enduring contribution to our nation’s security.
We are looking into unresolved questions regarding medical records as a matter of priority.
I join the Deputy Prime Minister in thanking members of the armed forces community for their service.
I have had the privilege in recent months of meeting many veterans in my constituency, some of whom still carry the trauma of war.
Some, including amputees, have told me how repeat disability assessments are too often required of them in order to access financial support.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that veterans with life-changing service-related injuries should be exempted from repeat disability assessments?
Part of our reforms are to ensure that those who can never work are properly supported and not put through endless assessment, and I thank the hon.
Member for raising this case.
We are committed to renewing the nation’s contract with those who have served, and a range of support is in place for veterans, including dedicated medical and physical healthcare pathways in the NHS, employment, and  housing.
The new support system, VALOUR, backed by £50 million of funding, will provide a network of support centres to connect veterans with local and national services.
Successive Conservative Governments stripped our councils of funding for youth services, pitting them against services that were under statutory protections.
That has led to one in eight councils no longer having a youth centre.
Croydon, which is London’s youngest borough, is about to lose its youth engagement team and its last crumb of council-run universal youth provision.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what this Labour Government are doing to support our young people?
Does she agree that it is time to look again at statutory protections for youth services, so that all young people, no matter where they live, can get the services they deserve?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that the Conservatives left a trail of devastation across education and youth services.
[Interruption.]
Given half the chance, judging by their moans, they would do it all over again.
We are making different choices—working with young people to draw up a landmark new national youth strategy, investing £145 million this year to provide stability to the youth sector, rolling out youth future hubs to expand access opportunities and reduce crime, and extending access to mental health support to nearly 1 million more children this year.
The  Government’s expansion of funded childcare from September is welcome, but early years settings face a critical staffing crisis that could make expanded provision practically impossible.
Not enough applicants, a lack of qualifications, low salaries and high turnover mean that many nurseries are operating well below capacity.
Many now find themselves operating at a loss, due to increased national insurance contributions.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what clear steps the Government are taking to address the crisis in early years staffing to ensure that all our children get the best possible start in life?
First of all, I will out one of my kids in the Gallery, because he has just completed his studies on early years, so hopefully that will add a little help.
We inherited a depleted early years sector, but we are determined to make sure that all children have the best possible start in life.
That is why we are delivering the largest ever uplift to the early years pupil premium, boosting family hubs and Start for Life, funded by £126 million this year, and investing £370 million to create tens of thousands of places in new and expanded school-based nurseries.
Milton Keynes has one of the fastest growing tech sectors in the country; one in three people now work in tech jobs at firms such as Red Bull Racing and the AI company Aiimi.
Eleanor, a student in my constituency, is in the Gallery today.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister let her and this House know how the Government’s new industrial strategy will support our tech sector and provide her generation with good-quality jobs in the future?
I am glad that I am not the only one who has a young person destined for the future in the Gallery today.
My hon.
Friend has been a huge champion for Milton Keynes, and he is right.
After the Tory decline, it is time to turn the page.
We have already created 384,000 jobs since the election, and our industrial strategy will create opportunities across the country and invest in jobs and industries of the future, including in Milton Keynes, where East West Rail will help to build 100,000 new homes and put £6.7 million a year in the local economy.
In 1957, my constituent Ronald Clark was among 22,000 UK personnel exposed to nuclear testing on Christmas Island.
Those veterans and their descendants have suffered various cancers, crippling illnesses and deformities, but the Ministry of Defence has never accepted liability.
I note the Deputy Prime Minister’s response to the hon.
Member for Salford (Rebecca Long Bailey), but it does not go quite far enough.
Time is running out.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister meet me, my constituent and those veterans to determine appropriate compensation?
Again, I know the strength of feeling.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent Ronald and all the service personnel who participated in the British nuclear testing programme.
I am sure that the Minister for Veterans would be happy to meet him and the veterans to discuss this issue.
Under the old guard of the Conservatives, families had to earn less than £7,400, often in low-paid and insecure work, to qualify for free school meals.
Under this Labour Government, thousands more children in Wolverhampton North East and 500,000 more across the country will benefit from free school meals.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how Labour’s plans will put more money in parents’ pockets?
We are determined to tackle child poverty, which rose catastrophically under the last Government.
That is why we are expanding access to free school meals to more than half a million children, which will lift 100,000 of the poorest children out of poverty and put £500 back into parents’ pockets.
This is on top of 750 free breakfast clubs, worth £450 a year to parents, and a historic uplift in the national minimum wage, worth up to £2,500 to the lowest-paid workers.
Given that the right hon.
Lady appears to be enjoying spending yet another week practising to be Prime Minister, maybe she can give us her view on who she would get rid of in the coming reshuffle.
Would it be the Chancellor for killing economic growth?
Would it be the Work and Pensions Secretary for the botched handling of the welfare Bill and the winter fuel cuts?
Would it be the Environment Secretary for trying to destroy British family farms?
Would it be the Foreign Secretary for giving away British sovereign territory and paying billions to rent it back?
Or given that the Prime Minister is now polling as having had the most unpopular first year in modern British political history, would the right hon.
Lady do herself and the country a favour and tell him to show himself the door?
Maybe the hon.
Gentleman wants a go next week, because it has been quite a carousel.
The Leader of the Opposition said that she was going to get better week on week—she already has in the last two weeks by not turning up.
I am just wondering when she is going to give the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , a go.
I am proud and honoured to say that I have served this country as a reservist Parachute Regiment soldier.
That is why I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our service members and their families during Armed Forces Week.
This Labour Government have announced the largest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister set out how the Government will rebuild Britain and secure our defence for the future?