The Minister will be aware that the life and health sciences launchpad in Northern Ireland has so far funded 32 business-led projects.
That is good news, but 23 of the projects are in the Greater Belfast area.
Will the Minister join me and others in our efforts to ensure that there is greater knowledge about the launchpad across the whole of Northern Ireland so that we can all benefit from this very worthwhile project?
Yes, indeed.
When I was talking about the creative industries sector plan as part of the industrial strategy last week, exactly the same point was made.
Belfast is obviously a great centre for innovation and the creative industries, but we need to make sure that the sector extends across the whole of Northern Ireland.
It is a point that has been extremely well made.
What steps his Department is taking to improve digital inclusion in Southend East and Rochford constituency.
The digital inclusion action plan is one of things I am proudest of.
Only this morning I launched the “IT reuse for good” charter.
One thing that is really problematic for many families who do not have access to the internet is that they simply do not have a device.
I urge every Member of the House to get every business they know to sign up to the “IT reuse for good” charter so that we can get devices to the people who really need them.
Digital inclusion and exclusion vary widely between individuals, households and even communities.
Often it is those in low-income, rural and coastal communities who are left behind.
What steps are being taken to ensure that Labour’s action plan reaches all communities and equips everyone with the tools they need?
My hon.
Friend makes a strong point: we need digital inclusion for every community.
If we are going to have a digital Government, we need to have a digital nation, and we cannot have some people excluded from that future.
That is why we have announced £6 million in this financial year for the innovation fund, and I hope that local authorities will come forward with innovative ideas on how we can break down the barriers to digital inclusion.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Department is determined to make the UK the best place in the world for science and technology.
Last week, the spending review committed £86 billion to research and development, enabling every aspect of our tech economy to start firing on all cylinders.
Building on that, we published the digital and technology sector plan as part of our modern industrial strategy on Monday, backing our innovators in fields like quantum, life sciences and engineering biology with over £1 billion.
Across the northern part of my constituency, from Marshside over to Hesketh Bank— Order.
Members are not meant to walk in front of the Member who is speaking; it is discourteous.
The hon.
Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  deliberately looked and carried on.
The mobile phone signal is uniformly terrible across the northern part of my constituency, meaning that my constituents are missing out on opportunities.
Will the Minister work more closely with industry to identify and deal with those rural mobile blackspots to further the Government’s growth mission?
I know that that is an issue in my hon.
Friend’s constituency because he has tabled at least 10 questions to me on the subject over the last week, all of which we have answered in time.
I am keen to ensure that we as MPs persuade the mobile companies to invest more in getting better mobile coverage across the country, both in rural areas and in urban ones.