First, I echo the congratulatory comments about  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Dame Chi Onwurah) —they are absolutely deserved.
Donald Trump’s proposals to ban US states from regulating AI for 10 years have been condemned by Microsoft’s chief scientist, showing that we cannot trust the US to provide safe and sensible AI regulation.
Does the Minister agree that now is the time for the UK to lead on AI safety, and will he join me and the head of Google DeepMind in calling for an AI safety agency modelled on the International Atomic Energy Agency and headquartered here in the UK?
Both the Under-Secretary of State and I have been remiss in not congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Dame Chi Onwurah)  on her damehood.
As you know, Mr Speaker, all knights love to see a dame enter the Chamber.
The Under-Secretary of State and I work closely on AI and copyright, and on making sure that we have the AI safety and security that we need.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson makes a fair point and it is one of the things that we are considering at the moment.
What steps he is taking to distribute funding for science and innovation.
The Chancellor has announced that the Government’s research and development spending plans go through to 2029-30 and that our R&D budget is rising from £13.9 billion in 2025-26 to £15.2 billion in 2029-30—a real-terms increase—and will total £58.5 billion over the spending review period.
I am sure that that will benefit my hon.
Friend’s York constituency.
York and North Yorkshire is a national leader in the bioeconomy.
BioYorkshire will create 4,000 jobs, as well as start-ups and spin-outs.
It requires £67 million to build its facilities over the next decade, but it will return £215 million back into the economy.
When will the science plan recognise the economic and scientific impact of the research base?
Can we have a meeting to talk about the brilliant BioYorkshire project?
My hon.
Friend is right that it is a brilliant project, and it is precisely the kind of thing the UK excels at: we manage to get the private sector working with Government and local government to deliver not only jobs but real innovation.
As the Secretary of State is not here today, I am sure I can offer my hon.
Friend the opportunity of a meeting with him.
Over the past 10 years, many tech start-ups have left the UK and gone to silicon valley, which costs the UK a huge amount in jobs and tax revenue.
What are the Government doing to ensure that start-ups currently at seed stage stay in the UK and grow here, so that we avoid the UK becoming an intellectual property farm for other countries to harvest?
One really important part of the industrial strategy we published on Monday and the sector plans within it is that we identified a problem many people in the UK face, which is that they have a really good idea but cannot take it to market because they do not have access to finance, in particular to capital, unless they are in London—and sometimes unless they are a man.
We want to change all that, which is why we have said categorically that we are giving the British Business Bank much more significant power to be able to invest in these sectors.
That will mean we are a powerhouse in precisely the way the hon.
Member wants.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of funding for health science and innovation on the UK’s global influence.
From the development of vaccines to the discovery of the structure of DNA, British medical innovation has played a fundamental role in changing the lives of people globally and extending the UK’s global influence.
Our industrial strategy and forthcoming life sciences sector plan will put the UK at the very centre of global efforts.
As the Minister will know, Gavi and the Global Fund not only provide a global vaccine programmes and programmes on saving lives from malaria and HIV, but provide us with biosecurity and jobs in the UK, not least over 500 research and development jobs and funding for the institute of tropical medicine.
What assessment has he made of whether the UK is to reduce our efforts in that regard?
Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance is absolutely essential, not only for other countries in the world, where we have managed to save many lives by introducing vaccines, but for UK innovation.
We are fully committed to Gavi.
We will be producing our life sciences sector plan soon, and we want to celebrate the sector, which represents 6,800 business and £100 billion of turnover every year.