The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The new checker comes online tomorrow—I know that many hon.
Members will have looked at the checker in the past and thought, “That simply doesn’t bear any relationship to my lived experience.”
From tomorrow, it will.
The new  checker is much better; Members will be able to see different numbers for all the mobile operators, which I think will encourage the operators to put up more masts and improve their coverage.
I know that the hon.
Lady has talked about the village of Staverton in her constituency, which has a population of 717 people—the Sea Trout, I think, is the pub.
It even has a telephone booth in it, although I am not sure whether it is still working.
I have this horrible fear: I do not want to leave the hon.
Lady, like Blondie, hanging on the telephone.
In my constituency—one of the most rural parts of the UK—whole areas are without mobile phone coverage.
People are forced to cope with unreliable phone lines and, most worryingly, are sometimes unable to call 999.
Can the Minister assure me that after the withdrawal of the public switched telephone network, no one will be left without access to a phone simply because there is no mobile signal once their landline is switched off?
I have been very keen to ensure that the withdrawal of the PSTN—which is being done because it is necessary, as the copper system is not working any more and is more fallible—does not leave anybody unable to contact 999 or get the services that they need.
I am very happy to arrange for my hon.
Friend a meeting with BDUK to go through precisely how we can ensure that we have proper investment in every constituency in the land so that people have the mobile signal they need to live in the modern era.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Education on AI in schools.
My Department is working closely with the Department for Education and Skills England to ensure that the education system is ready for the opportunities and the challenges that AI poses.
We are assessing the AI skills gap and mapping pathways to address it.
My officials have been working closely with the DFE on the education content store, for example, which is a pilot project that seeks to help developers to make better AI tools for teachers by providing a store of reliable and relevant UK data.
Last week, the DFE produced guidance to support schools with the safe and effective use of AI in education.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to reduce academic dishonesty and plagiarism in schools resulting from the use of artificial intelligence tools?
AI has demonstrated that it can help the education workforce by reducing some of the administrative burdens and the hard work that teaching staff and school leaders face in their day-to-day role.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s question, evidence is still emerging on the benefits and risks of pupils and students using generative AI.
We will continue to work with the  education sector on use cases to develop our understanding of how to use AI safely and effectively.
As I have said, the Department has issued guidance to teachers on how to identify and best use AI in schools.