It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Deputy Speaker.
As you cannot speak from the Chair, may I say what a doughty champion you are for the reopening of Manston airport, in your constituency?
First, I thank my hon.
Friends the Members for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) and for Dunstable and Leighton Buzzard (Alex Mayer) for securing the debate and for the work they have done on the Transport Committee.
I am grateful for all Members’ important, interested and varied contributions, and will try to address as many as humanly possible—there were an awful lot of questions in many of them.
I know that Members are anxious for news on specific schemes in their local areas, but I will not be able to announce any new decisions today.
We will make announcements in due course through the usual processes.
Let me address the comments made by the Transport Committee Chair about how spending is linked to the Department’s strategic objectives.
Our spending is wholly orientated towards delivering this Government’s missions and our plan for change.
At the heart of our approach is harnessing transport to drive growth, as better transport will connect people and opportunities and ensure that businesses can grow and thrive.
That is why we are investing in vital public transport services, repairing our road networks, transforming our railways and providing unprecedented investment for local leaders to invest in their priorities.
Five out of the first 10 Bills in this Session were on transport—we did not have five transport Bills in 14 years under the last Government.
We are moving at pace.
In the financial year 2025-26 alone, we are delivering £1.6 billion for local road maintenance, £1.3 billion for local transport in our big city regions and over £1 billion for bus services.
We are also providing more than £420 million for our smaller cities, towns and rural areas, as has been mentioned today.
Our investments will help to drive growth in every part of the country and raise living standards for everyone.
We are supporting the transition to net zero and an economy powered by clean energy, with more than £200 million to accelerate the roll-out of electric vehicle charge points this year.
We are investing in active travel infrastructure to improve the health of the nation, with an additional £150 million of investment in cycling and walking infrastructure in this financial year alone.
We are supporting bus services and capping fares to connect people to jobs and to boost opportunity.
We are also supporting safer streets by making public transport safer—including, most importantly, for women and girls.
Across our work, we are making sure that every penny of taxpayers’ money is put to good use, from greater efficiency within the Department to getting to grips with the spiralling costs of HS2 and bringing that project back on track.
Although this debate concerns the estimates for 2025-26, I note that only two weeks ago, the Chancellor set out how our ambitions for the transport sector will last the whole of this Parliament.
With the settlement we have received for 2026 onwards, we will deliver increased local transport investment in England’s towns and cities, prioritising funding in the north and the midlands and giving local areas more control over how the money is spent.
We will improve everyday journeys across this country and invest in the critical national infrastructure needed to connect our cities and our towns in the long term, enabling economic growth.
This will ensure that transport plays its part in delivering the plan for change and a decade of national renewal.