Why are the Government ignoring the advice of the AI opportunities action plan to encourage the start-up and scaling of tech businesses in the UK and instead favouring market-dominant corporations from abroad over our own domestic businesses when awarding Government contracts?
We are not.
As the Government produce their strategy to support the development, validation and uptake of alternative methods in scientific procedures, what steps will the Minister be taking to ensure that that includes specific commitments to phase out the use of dogs in scientific and regulatory procedures, replacing them with modern, human-specific technologies?
The Government remain committed to ending the use of all animals, including dogs, in scientific procedures, replacing them with modern, human-relevant technologies.
Our long-term goal, as set out in our 2024 manifesto commitment, is to phase out animal testing entirely.
As my hon.
Friend said, we will publish a detailed road map this year alongside convening roundtables with researchers, industry and animal welfare organisations to ensure that we achieve that and hit the target.
My constituency is home to five games developers.
Does the Minister agree that the use of AI in video game development should not be allowed to push out human creativity?
What assurances can he give me that the Government are not being complacent in their approach to AI?
We are completely and utterly not complacent, and we are determined to ensure that creators are remunerated for their work.
We would never surrender other people’s labour to a third party.
I know that the hon.
Member used to be the editor of Cruise International, and I very much hope that as a former journalist she will help us develop policies that can answer the question she asked.
It is clear that Europe and the United States of America are diverging on how they will regulate AI.
Given that our EU reset commits us to working closely with Europe on AI regulation, what talks has the Minister had about how we protect UK copyright in that context?
One of the issues that is undoubtedly at the heart of AI and copyright is how we ensure that the policy we advocate in the UK works with other countries’ around the world.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are working closely with our European allies to ensure we do precisely that.
In July 2024, the Secretary of State pledged to launch a consultation on the regulation of frontier AI systems “shortly”.
However, recent reports suggest that it will not be forthcoming until summer 2026.
As leading AI companies have admitted that their systems could be used to develop biological and nuclear weapons, will the Minister confirm why there has been a delay?
I am afraid the shadow Chancellor came in during the question.
I have known him for a very long time, and I would not cheer him quite so enthusiastically myself—[Interruption.]
As charming a man as he is, it meant that I did not hear the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) , so I am happy to write to her afterwards to confirm.
Stratford and Bow is a thriving hub of innovation, which is why the Prime Minister chose it for the launch of the AI opportunities action plan earlier this year.
One brilliant example is Healthtech-1.
Once a kitchen table start-up of doctors and tech experts, it now automates admin for 22% of GP practices, and its new patient registration system has saved the NHS a staggering 183 years of time.
What are the Government doing to support home-grown innovation like that to scale up its work?
My hon.
Friend’s constituency is indeed a hotbed of innovation.
She will be delighted to know that Healthtech-1 has benefited from a range of Government support to date, including a recent Innovate UK grant.