It is a pleasure to be asking the right hon.
Lady another question at Prime Minister’s questions, although just the one this time.
There has been a proliferation of houses in multiple occupation in my constituency, in places such as Potters Bar and Borehamwood.
Quiet residential streets such as Tiverton Road and Organ Hall Road are being blighted by family houses being converted into houses in multiple occupation, leading to a surge in antisocial behaviour and parking problems.
May I therefore urge the right hon.
Lady to look at enhancing the powers of local councils to stop these kinds of developments where they are not wanted?
I do miss our exchanges.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman has been wearing his factor 50—he knows how it can get for us gingers in the hot weather.
He also knows that local authorities have planning powers to limit the proliferation of small houses being turned into houses in multiple occupation.
His Government left a housing crisis, and I am getting on with fixing that through the 1.5 million homes that we are going to deliver.
Just this week,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  put a singular burning injustice first: the plight of overseas billionaires who pay too much tax.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree with the hon.
Member’s priority, or does she agree with me that Reform UK doing sweetheart deals with the super-rich is a betrayal of British working people?
I was asked about the hon.
Member for Clacton’s mathematics the other week, and my hon.
Friend is absolutely right—the mask has slipped again this week.
The hon.
Member for Clacton  demands billions more in unfunded tax cuts for the very richest while he marches through the Lobby in the House of Commons to vote against sick pay for the lowest earners.
We know what would pay for Reform’s tax breaks for overseas billionaires; it would be tax hikes on working people and patients being charged to seeing their doctor.
Labour will not let that happen.
When my young constituent Axel was given his education, health and care plan a year ago, his primary school place was withdrawn, with no replacement offered.
His nursery allowed him to stay on until Christmas, but since then, apart from a short break at a school, he has had nothing.
He is at home with his mum, with no alternative provision for younger children, who cannot travel a long way.
His mother also cannot go to work.
I welcome the White Paper in the autumn, but can the Deputy Prime Minister commit to Axel’s mum—and the parents of Freddie, Ieuan, Ethan, and the other 640 children with special education needs and disabilities with no school to go to—that there will be somewhere for them in September?
I am really sorry to hear about Axel and the other cases that the hon.
Member mentioned.
Those with special educational needs deserve proper support and should not be left at home.
We are determined to fix the SEND system and support children before issues escalate to this type of crisis point.
We are investing £3.4 billion this year to deploy specialist teams across early years and primary school settings, helping to identify and respond to speech and language needs, particularly for children with SEND.
We will set out our full plans on the reform of SEND this autumn, including support for the early years.
Growth needs to be delivered and felt in all parts of the country, and the infrastructure strategy, changes to the Green Book and the £1.8 billion secured for the north-east are a clear demonstration of our commitment to that.
In my area, Moor Farm roundabout is blocking growth and causing misery for people locally.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that improving infrastructure in the north, like at Moor Farm, will show how we are investing in all parts of the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government did not have a plan for areas like the north-east.
I know she has been a champion for the Moor Farm roundabout.
This Government are changing the situation by investing £15.6 billion in local transport projects across the country, opening up access to jobs and improving living standards, including in the north-east.
Labour has invited proposals from cities to expand their boundaries, and the Mayor of Leicester wants to expand the city to swallow up areas like Oadby, Wigston and Great Glen, but local people do not want that, and thousands have signed our petition against it.
It is not just about the higher council tax; they want to keep their own local identity.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister rule out this totally unwelcome city takeover?
If she does want to press ahead with it, will she at least give us a say in a local referendum, so that we can tell her again that we do not want this?
Well, what the Conservatives were told at the general election was, “We don’t want you.”
[Interruption.]
All right, I meant “them”: the hon.
Gentleman’s Government.
He might have slipped through!
The one thing that I will say is that the hon.
Member has said about his own Government, “There’s a lot of things we should have done that we didn’t do.”
To be honest, I could not agree more—and we are getting on and doing it.
In Armed Forces Week, will the Deputy Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to my former colleagues at RAF Brize Norton?
I know she will share my horror that some on the Opposition Benches responded to the appalling attack on that base not by recognising the consequences of 14 years of Conservative under-investment in our defence, but by personally smearing one of our brave members of the Royal Air Force.
Does she agree with me and my hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Jones)  that this Labour Government will always support our armed forces, and that those shameful comments by the deputy leader of Reform,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , bring disgrace upon him and his party?
My hon.
and gallant Friend speaks with great authenticity and authority on this matter.
The attack on RAF Brize Norton was disgraceful, but what was even more disgraceful was Reform blaming the commanding officer—an accomplished woman who has served her country—rather than the criminals who were responsible.
That is not leadership, but we should not expect anything better from the party of the Putin apologists.
London boroughs are collectively facing a funding shortfall of at least £500 million for the current financial year.
Despite that, the money allocated to local authorities in London by the Government’s spending review fell 35% short of the amount requested by London councils.
Under the Government’s planned changes to local authority funding, the two councils in my constituency—Richmond and Kingston—are set to lose out even more, while the cost of funding local services continues to rise.
Is it the Government’s policy that London residents should continue to receive ever-increasing council tax bills, while their local authorities have less and less money to spend?
We are fixing the foundations of local government after the 14 years of austerity that were inflicted on local government, with the aiding and abetting of the hon.
Lady’s party.
We have put record funding into local government, with multi-year settlements: we are helping local government, where the last Government ruined it.
Digital black spots—areas without good mobile broadband connectivity—are holding communities back.
In Middleton, an area that my right hon.
Friend knows well as a fellow Greater Manchester MP, many local businesses and people remain cut off from the economic growth of the wider city region due to the lack of a mobile signal.
How can we ensure that this Government’s mission to capitalise on the promise of technology is felt in all parts of the country, including Middleton?
I have experienced digital black spots as well, so I understand my hon.
Friend’s frustration.
The industrial strategy was launched this week, and there were some great ideas to make sure that we get superfast broadband everywhere and we can all use our phones—to make sure we can get connected, whereas the last Government left us disconnected.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 25 June.
Israel’s recent action is appalling and counterproductive, and we strongly oppose the expansion of military operations, settler violence and the blocking of humanitarian aid.
We have suspended free trade agreement talks and sanctioned extremists supporting settler expansion in the west bank.
It is a long-standing principle that genocide is determined by competent international courts and not by Governments, and we do not sell arms directly to the Israel Defence Forces when that might breach international humanitarian law.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on his Department’s plan to procure nuclear-certified F-35A aircraft.
The UK will purchase 12 new F-35A fighter jets and join NATO’s dual capable aircraft nuclear mission in a major boost for national security.
The Prime Minister has announced at the NATO summit that the UK intends to buy at least a dozen of the dual capable aircraft, which can carry both nuclear and conventional weapons.
The Secretary-General of NATO, Mark Rutte, said this morning: “The UK has declared its nuclear deterrent to NATO for many decades, and I strongly welcome today’s announcement that the UK will now also join NATO’s nuclear mission and procure the F-35A.”
The decision will support 20,000 jobs in the United Kingdom, with 15% of the global supply chain for the jets based in Britain, supporting highly skilled jobs and opportunities for working people and delivering a defence dividend across the country.
The announcement responds to two recommendations in the strategic defence review: recommendation 30, that the UK commence discussions “on the potential benefits and feasibility of enhanced UK participation in NATO’s nuclear mission”, and recommendation 46, on the mix of F-35B and F-35A.
The purchase represents the biggest strengthening of the UK’s nuclear posture in a generation, and reintroduces a nuclear role for the Royal Air Force for the first time since the UK retired its sovereign air-launched nuclear weapons following the end of the cold war.
The UK’s commitment to NATO is unquestionable, as is the alliance’s contribution to keeping the UK safe and secure, but we must all step up to protect the Euro-Atlantic area for generations to come.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
You will recall that the Government’s plan, announced today, to procure nuclear-certified F-35As was previously covered in The Sunday Times the day before the SDR was published.
You therefore granted an urgent question that day on this very subject, but we received no meaningful answers at all.
I hope the Minister can be more forthcoming today.
On  25 May , I wrote in the Express that our nuclear forces needed to be “even more resilient”, including in respect of the continuous at-sea deterrent, but also, “potentially, by diversifying our methods for delivering nuclear strike.”
That is because we have to recognise the threat posed by Russia in particular, and its ability to operate nuclear weapons at tactical and theatre levels.
To deter effectively, we must be able to do the same.
In principle, then, I welcome the announcement, but I have the following questions.
What is the anticipated in-service date for the 12 F-35As?
Will they already be nuclear certified, or will that occur after delivery?
We note that the 12 F-35As will be ordered instead of 12 F-35Bs, but will the Government still order the remaining F-35Bs  as planned?
How will the F-35As be air-to-air refuelled, given that the current RAF refuelling capability is probe and drogue?
On operational sovereignty, we are fully committed to our strong military partnership with the United States, but given that the announcement is about diversity of delivery, has the Department given any thought to additional tactical options for which we have greater industrial input, such as Storm Shadow and Typhoon?
Ironically, it was Lord Robertson, as Defence Secretary in 1998, who removed our last air-launched nuclear capabilities.
It is noteworthy that, as one of the authors of the SDR, he said to the Select Committee recently that the authors were “not terribly enthusiastic about it.”
That is before we get to the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary voted against the renewal of Trident.
On this side of the House, we wholeheartedly back our nuclear deterrent.
Does this situation not show why we need a robust plan to get to 3% on defence in this Parliament, rather than Labour’s smoke-and-mirrors and lack of a fully funded plan to properly increase defence spending in this Parliament?
On the in-service date, as the Secretary of State said this morning, we are hopeful that the aircraft will start delivering before the end of the decade.
On the tranche being ordered that will now include 12 F-35As, yes, we will still be ordering the remaining F-35Bs, so there will be 15 extra F-35Bs in the next tranche.
On refuelling, this is a NATO mission, and NATO will of course be able to do the air-to-air refuelling.
It is quite normal for different allies to contribute their different capabilities, whether nuclear capable or conventional, to NATO’s nuclear mission.