My hon.
Friend is correct.
This is a dual-capability aircraft, which will not only be used to fly NATO nuclear missions but be available to do training and all the other things that our fantastic pilots in the RAF do.
I feel like a lone voice, but in an increasingly unstable world I personally find it quite harrowing that the British Air Force might be flying planes that can drop nuclear bombs and where that might lead.
Can the Minister tell us whether, under this agreement, tactical nuclear weapons will be stored on UK soil; and if so, what safety and security measures the Government will be undertaking for their storage?
I am not sure I quite understood that question, Mr Speaker.
What I can say, though, is that we do not normally confirm or deny where nuclear weapons might be stored.
It is not something that we have  ever done.
I think that is what the hon.
Member was asking, but I am not absolutely sure.
I would be happy to speak to her afterwards if I have got that question wrong.
Have any alternative platforms been considered for the potential delivery of a tactical nuclear weapon?
In particular, have the Government looked at the Astute class attack submarine as an alternative or additional platform, or at its successor, the SSN-AUKUS?
We are not seeking to widen our range of nuclear capability.
We are joining the NATO nuclear mission and contributing to that.
As I said earlier, this is not some kind of stepping stone to acquiring tactical nuclear weapons.
Our nuclear deterrent is our submarine-operated continuous at-sea deterrent—CASD—and that is how it will continue.
The prospect of UK fighter jets carrying Donald Trump’s nuclear bombs cannot be anybody’s vision of security.
This decision flies in the face of our obligations under the non-proliferation treaty.
It ties us further into a US military that cannot even keep its own classified intelligence secure.
It ties us further to a Trump Administration who are the very definition of a loose cannon.
Given the inescapable truth that nuclear weapons make the world more dangerous, and that normalising tactical weapons is incredibly reckless, how can the Minister possibly justify this decision?
First, what I have announced today is compliant with the non-proliferation treaty— The letter, not the spirit!
It is compliant with the non-proliferation treaty.
The NATO nuclear mission has as a governance the NATO nuclear planning group of 31 allies—everybody gets a say—so it is not a question of it being Donald Trump or any other US President’s nuclear bomb.
This is a NATO mission to defend Europe and to do what NATO was set up to do: deter another war.
On  6 January , I raised with the Minister in this Chamber the fact that refurbishing Typhoons will not touch the sides of maintaining the 6,000-strong workforce at Warton, in my constituency, and that relying on export orders that have not been secured will not keep the workforce in work for now, before the GCAP comes online.
When I asked the Minister whether she would give a delayed Christmas present of an order for 25 Typhoons, she replied: “It might not be a Christmas present—I do not know when his birthday is—but a present some time later.”—[Official
Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol. 759, c. 586.]
We were awaiting an order of Typhoons for the Warton site in the strategic defence review, but it turned out to contain an empty box instead of a present.
If the Minister was not simply buying time and giving false hope to the workforce then, when will we see the order of 25 Typhoon jets for the RAF?
I do not think the previous Government were committed to buying Typhoons, so I do not see why the hon.
Gentleman should be so outraged by the fact that after less than a year, we have not yet ordered any more Typhoons.
We are committed to the Typhoon fleet that we have.
The buying of any more will have to be considered in the investment plan that is being worked on now.
Other European nations are buying some Typhoons, so there is some work there, although I know they are not assembled at Warton if other nations buy them.
We also have export orders that we are trying to pursue.
Although I cannot advance what I said to the hon.
Gentleman previously, it is something that I am very conscious of, and we will continue to see what can be done about the future of our Typhoon fleet.
We are committed to the fleet that we have and to the upgrades that we need.
In response to an earlier question, I was pleased to hear the Minister commit to seeking to compress the timetable between delivery and the in-service date.
I believe I heard the Minister say that the delivery date was the back end of the 2020s.
Can she confirm the anticipated in-service date?
I cannot confirm the anticipated in-service date beyond saying that we are hopeful that we will get the aircraft as soon as possible and that we will be able to use them as soon as possible thereafter, subject to all the usual requirements to get something in service.
That is as good as I can do for the hon.
Gentleman today, I am afraid.