The Secretary of State is in Singapore celebrating 60 years of diplomacy between our countries and drumming up investment, so I am afraid you have the deputies today, Mr Speaker.
Access to high-speed internet is essential and we are determined to take everyone with us into the digital age.
I am glad that 98% of people now have access to superfast speeds and 88% have gigabit.
Our latest type C contract with Openreach is adding connections every single day.
Project Gigabit’s stated aim is to ensure that no one is left behind, but that is not true for the residents of Mulberry Close on my home estate in Eastbourne, who have not been connected to full fibre despite bearing the brunt of invasive works on their doorstep.
Will the Minister meet me, residents of Mulberry Close and local internet providers to ensure that those residents are connected and not left behind?
Funnily enough, the statistics in the hon.
Member’s constituency are better than the national average—just very slightly, by a smidgen—but I am very happy to meet him.
More importantly, he could come into the Department and meet Building Digital UK so that we can explain exactly what needs to happen in his constituency to secure the aims that he is seeking.
What steps his Department is taking to keep children safe online.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on children’s online safety, my hon.
Friend will know that keeping children safe online is a priority for this Government.
We are focused on implementing the Online Safety Act 2023 so  that children can benefit from its wide reach and protection.
The children’s code that is coming in next month will see a step change in the experience of children online in the UK.
While we do not pretend that that is job done, and we are working at pace to develop a further online safety package, children will no longer be able to access pornography or other unsuitable content, including content that encourages or promotes self-harm, eating disorders or suicide.
The National Crime Agency and other law enforcement agencies have highlighted the growing prevalence of AI-generated child sexual abuse material as one of the biggest threats to public safety.
It is a growing threat to us online.
That is why I was astonished last week to see the Tories and Reform vote against the Crime and Policing Bill, which contains world-leading measures to tackle this horrific crime.
Does the Minister agree that it is frankly disgusting to see the Tories and Reform using this issue for party politics?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend on that.
Child sexual exploitation and abuse is one of the most horrendous harms, and the Government are committed to ensuring that UK law keeps pace with criminal use of technologies including AI.
As he says, we have introduced a world-leading offence in the Crime and Policing Bill to criminalise AI models that have been optimised to create child sexual abuse material.
This new offence builds on the protections in the Online Safety Act, and I am very clear that nothing is off the table when it comes to keeping our children safe.
As the Minister says, the Online Safety Act has passed into law and is being implemented, but parents in my Gosport constituency are still desperately worried about the scale of the inappropriate content that very young children can stumble across in the online world.
Can she reassure us?
When will they begin to practically see the changes that the Online Safety Act promised, and when will the big online providers really start having to do what they say they are doing to keep our children safe online?
I absolutely agree that some children are still stumbling upon material and content that they should not be.
When the Online Safety Act is fully enacted in July, we will see a step change in what children can see online.
Ofcom will monitor this and ensure that where such material is continuing, we take action.