Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Chickahominy Indian Tribe in Charles City, Virginia.
In 1607, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe was one of the few tribes to encounter settlers from the first permanent English settlement of Jamestown.
The tribe helped the English survive and adapt to local conditions, trading food and teaching them how to grow and preserve crops.
The Chickahominy Tribe originally lived in permanent villages along the Chickahominy River.
Eventually, the English displaced the Chickahominy people and set aside land for them in the Pamunkey Neck area of Virginia through the Treaty of 1646.
Slowly, the Chickahominy people migrated to the Chickahominy Ridge, an area between Richmond and Williamsburg only a few miles from one of their original 1607 village sides, where they now reside.
In 1924, Virginia's Racial Integrity Act created some of the most severe segregation policies in the nation.
This act effectively erased Indians from official records, reclassifying them from Indian to `Colored.'
This erasure made it impossible for many years for Virginian Indian tribes to gain federal recognition, as they could not document ancestral continuity.
In 2018, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition Act granted federal recognition to six Indian tribes of Virginia, including the Chickahominy Tribe.
This recognition provides the tribe with the legal, economic and cultural tools necessary to maintain their sovereignty and preserve their heritage.
The Chickahominy Tribe is woven into the culture of the Charles City community.
As the intersection of centuries of history and culture, the Chickahominy people are pivotal to the identity of the area.
Today, the Chickahominy Tribe remains a vibrant and active part of Charles City through their traditions, language and cultural heritage.
The legacy of the Chickahominy Tribe is a vital component of Virginia's past and present.
In honor of Native American Heritage Month, I recognize the important history and contributions of the Chickahominy Indian Tribe.