Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to honor and celebrate the life and legacy of an extraordinary husband, father, grandfather, military officer, counselor, fraternity brother, friend of longstanding and a man of deep faith, Captain (Ret.)
Russell J. Scott, Sr.
Sadly, Russell transitioned from labor to reward on Friday, November 22, 2024, at the age of 91.
Russell J. Scott, Sr. was born in Quitman, Georgia, on December 3, 1932, to the union of Robert J. Scott and Ezell Hollis Scott.
He received his primary and secondary education in the public schools of Brooks and Ware Counties in Georgia.
After graduating from Central High School in Waycross, Georgia, he matriculated at North Carolina A&T in Greensboro, North Carolina, where he earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in General Science.
He joined the United States Army where he served for 23 years exemplifying the Army Values of loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, integrity, honor, and personal courage-- retiring with the rank.
During his military career, he earned 2 Bronze Stars for exemplary service and was awarded the Army Commendation Medal, Vietnam Service Medal and the Vietnam Campaign Medal.
Upon his retirement from the Army, in pursuit of further knowledge and mastery, Russell earned a master's degree in Foundations of Education and a master's degree in Criminal Justice at Troy State University, Phenix City branch.
Armed with his additional academic preparation, Captain Scott embarked upon a second career with the Georgia Department of Corrections as a counselor and later as Assistant Superintendent at Rutledge State Prison in Columbus, Georgia, where he worked with my wife, Vivian Creighton Bishop, who served as Comptroller.
He retired from the Georgia Department of Corrections after 17 years of service.
Russell was a man of deep faith and was a devoted member.
James AME Church where he served in many capacities including Vice Chair of the Steward Board, Senior Usher Board, Mass Choir, Sons of Allen, among others.
He was a proud member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. for 72 years and was an active member of the Columbus, Georgia Alumni Chapter.
Moreover, he was actively involved in numerous community service and humanitarian organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center, NAACP, American Red Cross, and the Urban League.
Always striving for excellence, he received several awards for his distinguished community service to include the 2003 Kappa Alpha Psi Columbus Alumni Chapter Man of the Year; 2004 AJ McClung award for meritorious service presented by the men.
James AME Church; the 2017 Chattahoochee Valley Veterans Association Veteran of the Year Award and in January 2019 the St. James AME Church Sons of Allen Man of the Year Award.
Russell Scott was a family man and was first united in marriage to the late Loris Brooks.
Together, they had three children, LaReese Vines, Tina Scott-Morgan and Russell J. Scott, Jr.
After Loris's passing in 1999, he found love again with Ruth Glenn Scott, whom he married in 2001 and welcomed bonus children, Regina Stokes and Clifford