Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor UpValley Family Centers for their 25th anniversary and outstanding service in promoting equity and access to social resources throughout Napa County.
Since its founding in 1999, UpValley Family Centers have supported working families in the greater Calistoga and St. Helena area, offering prevention and intervention services at a local level.
They serve over 4,000 people annually.
Last year, ninety-four percent of those served fell below the median income for Napa County.
Sixty percent were women, and fifty-six percent were Spanish speakers.
The family center itself provides a variety of programs from assisting residents with accessing health insurance and housing resources to playgroups and family support.
UpValley also collaborates with over 40 partner organizations to help engage residents and increase access to services locally.
Over their 25 years of service, UpValley Family Centers' programs have made significant long-term impacts.
As a Department of Justice recognized organization, UpValley has helped over 2,000 people become U.S. citizens in tandem with the Napa Citizenship Legal Services.
They have increased early literacy, socialization and school readiness skills in over 1,000 young children through weekly bilingual playgroups.
Children participating in their youth mentoring services are more likely to meet requirements needed to attend a 4-year college.
Thousands of low-income households have benefitted from their free VITA tax filing program, accessing over $11 million in tax credits and refunds.
They distributed over $2.1 million in emergency funds stemming from the pandemic and LNU Complex wildfire-related hardships, which reached over 800 households.
UpValley Family Centers also participates in broader civic initiatives throughout Napa County.
As part of the Drug-Free Communities Initiative, they partnered with local officials and helped pass social host ordinances in Calistoga and St. Helena.
And in 2020, they served as trusted messengers alongside other Napa County-based community organizations to increase participation in the 2020 Census.
Napa County saw a 2 percent increase in census participation as a result of their efforts.