Last year, the Government promised us that they were going to slash the size of the civil service, but instead the latest figures showed that the size of the civil service has increased by 7,000 compared with last year.
It is not only other Departments that have failed to get a grip: the headcount of the Minister’s own Department is up by 7%.
Will the Minister guarantee that when the  next set of figures is published, it will show a reduction in the size of the civil service and the size of the Cabinet Office?
Under the last Tory Government, Boris Johnson said that he would cut the number of people employed by the civil service by 91,000, but that figure went up.
Jeremy Hunt said that he would cap numbers in the civil service, but they went up.
The Conservatives lost control of the civil service, just as they lost control of our borders, our streets and our prisons, but we are taking action to bring those numbers down.
I think that the Minister is missing the fact that she is in Government now and has been for well over a year, but the numbers are going up not down, as they promised.
The Minister is correct when she says that the civil service must be able to recruit the brightest and the best, but surely she can see that that is not helped when the most senior civil servant, hand-picked by the Prime Minister barely months ago, faces a barrage of media briefings from within Government.
Will the Minister and her Department commission an inquiry into the breach of the code of conduct for special advisers following the personal attacks on the Cabinet Secretary, and will she condemn the vicious media briefings that have clearly come from within No.10?
We have full confidence in the Cabinet Secretary and we condemn all leaks and breaches.
We undertake to look into how any leaks from Government take place.
What steps he is taking to increase employment opportunities through public procurement.
What steps he is taking to increase employment opportunities through public procurement.
I will answer on behalf of the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven (Chris Ward) , who, with your permission, Mr Speaker, is at an event with the Prime Minister in his constituency today.
This Government’s new social value model includes fair working skills criteria, so that authorities can reward suppliers providing good-quality jobs, supporting people into work and providing their employees with additional development opportunities.
We are consulting on further reforms to public procurement and will update the House in due course.
With the Government’s welcome commitment to improving terms, conditions and career progression in adult social care, as demonstrated through the planned fair pay agreement and the care workforce pathway, will the Minister confirm that the Government’s response to the public procurement consultation will deliver a public interest test that accelerates insourcing and requires providers to recognise trades unions, as well as more sustainable careers and long-term employment opportunities?
As always, my hon.
Friend makes a powerful case.
The Government want public bodies to examine carefully how best to deliver public services.
That is why we are consulting on proposals to introduce a public interest test, allowing for the evaluation of services being more effectively delivered in-house before they are contracted out, covering value for money, service quality and wider social and economic benefit.
We will consider the range of responses, including those from trades unions.
I declare an interest as the co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for British buses.
Alexander Dennis and Wrightbus create 13 jobs for every four directly hired in bus manufacturing, and for decades Alexander Dennis has been an invaluable piece of the Scottish economy.
After the business almost left Scotland following the Scottish National party’s disastrous Chinese bus-buying strategy, to its credit it spent nearly £4 million fixing the near fatal error.
Will the Minister set out what the Cabinet Office is doing through public procurement so that my constituents’ taxpayer money is maximising Falkirk, Scottish and British-based businesses?
Unlike the SNP Government, evidently, this Labour Government believe that where things are made and who makes them matters.
That is why we are consulting on further procurement reforms to boost domestic supply chains and create more opportunities for businesses of all sizes, whether that be in Falkirk or across the United Kingdom.
What steps he is taking to improve the delivery of Government priorities.