The Liberal Democrats of course welcome any further investment in our fishing communities, but coastal towns must have a proper say in how the money will be spent.
The allocation of the funding must reflect the significance of the fishing industries across our isles.
The proud fishermen in my North Cornwall constituency have been wrapped up in so much red tape, and face extra costs because of the Tories’ botched Brexit deal.
They now want proper management of fish stocks, and a new byelaw to limit larger vessels inside the six-mile line.
What steps are the Government taking to reverse that damage and provide our fishermen with greater access to their largest and closest market?
How will the Government use this fund to give greater powers and resources to coastal communities, to allow them to invest properly in their local areas?
Finally, can the Minister assure us that the fund will improve water quality, to protect our fishing industry in the future?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, clearly improving water quality is another policy area.
The coastal growth fund is not about improving water quality; it is about building resilience, helping to modernise the fishing industry through high tech, access to training and entry to the industry.
We must not mix up Government support for different issues, and try to shove everything into one policy.
The hon.
Gentleman also asks about the reset for export purposes.
If we can do it properly, the reset with the EU will enable the export of fish and catch with much less red tape than we have ended up with, post Brexit.
There are big gains to be made from that.
Likewise, if we can get the free trade agreement to work properly, it will increase the prospect of fishing industry exports to other parts of the world.
Scottish salmon is renowned around the world for its quality and taste.
How are the Government supporting the promotion of the Scottish salmon industry around the world?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
I believe that the free trade deal with India took away all tariffs on Scottish salmon, so hopefully there will be a lot more of it heading that way soon.