The Prime Minister and the DPP have both confirmed that there was no political interference in the evidence given by the deputy National Security Adviser, and rightly so.
The Conservative party cannot have it both ways: first, the argument was that we interfered with the evidence and now it seems to be that we did not.
Which is it?
The Sunday Times reported that, following a key meeting on  1 September , the Attorney General’s Office was asked to speak to the CPS.
Did anyone from the Attorney General’s Office speak directly or indirectly to the CPS after that meeting?
There was a meeting on  1 September  in relation to this matter, which, as I understand it, took place on the basis that the prosecution would go ahead.
It was to discuss bilateral relations with China in the context of the ongoing legal case.
The Director of Public Prosecutions has said that the case was dropped because efforts over many months to get evidence that China represented a threat to national security were not forthcoming from this Government.
When was the Attorney General informed that the case was at risk and what did he do?
In order for this case to succeed, it was based on the relationship with China at the time of the offences and how China was viewed then.
I have already referred to the meeting on  1 September , which was on the presumption that the case would continue.
The Attorney General will set out his evidence to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy next week.
I previously asked the Security Minister about the lack of inclusion of China on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme.
What input or advice has the Attorney General or the Solicitor General given to the Government on that?
Given the ongoing situation, will she now reconsider and push for the Government to do that?
Under the law as it now stands, it would be easier to bring prosecutions in cases such as these.
We are deeply disappointed that this prosecution did not go ahead, but I will get back to him on the specific points that he raises.
The Solicitor General has expressed several times her and, presumably, the Government’s disappointment at the fact that this did not go to trial.
That disappointment would suggest that she and the Government wish for an alternative outcome.
The simple point that I and my constituents cannot get our heads around—they have contacted me about this because they are outraged and concerned—is that if the Government wish for an alternative outcome, why did they not exhaust every single possibility to bolster the case of the CPS?
Regardless of interference, and there is no question of political interference, why did they not exhaust every single opportunity to put the CPS in the strongest possible position to ensure a successful prosecution?
The Government are disappointed that this prosecution did not go ahead.
If the previous Conservative Government had tightened our laws in relation to national security before 2022, we may not have found ourselves in this position.
It is absolutely right that there was no political interference with the witness evidence.
It is an important part of our constitution that criminal prosecutions are done without political interference.
When was the Attorney General informed that the case was going to collapse?
The Attorney General will be setting out his evidence to the Joint Committee next Tuesday.
To be perfectly honest, I do not know what the point is in me asking this question, because we have had two weeks of statements and urgent questions, and Ministers keep attacking straw men and answering questions that are not actually being asked.
It is pathetic.
On Monday, the Security Minister came to the House and was asked several times when the Home Secretary knew that the case was going to collapse and what representations she made to ensure that the case was as strong as possible.
He did not answer that several times.
When did the Home Secretary know?
What representations did she make and to whom did she make them?
Surely among them was the National Security Adviser, the Prime Minister and the Attorney General.
I do not speak on behalf of the Home Secretary, but I am sure that she will be happy to address the hon.
Member’s points.