On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I ask your advice?
Unusually, the Attorney General does not sit in the House of Commons.
When I submitted written parliamentary questions to the Attorney General, they were answered by the Solicitor General, but the Solicitor General refused to provide answers for the Attorney General, only answering for herself.
Today, understandably, the Attorney General could not come to the House because he is not a Member of the House, but the Solicitor General repeatedly refused to give answers on behalf of the Attorney General.
She referred to the Attorney General’s written answers and to a Select Committee hearing which is ordinarily held in private.
How does the House of Commons hold the Attorney General to account?
There is a collective responsibility for the Government to answer within this House—the right hon.
Member is absolutely right to ask the question—but I am not responsible for the answers that the Solicitor General provides.
This goes back to the frustration under the previous Administration, when the Foreign Secretary sat in the Lords.
My view is that it is much harder, but there is a collective responsibility that questions will be answered in this House.
I am not going to keep the debate going now.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if she will make a statement on the fishing and coastal growth fund.
We are working closely with our fishing and seafood sectors to ensure that they are vibrant, profitable and sustainable, and that we have a healthy and productive marine environment.
That is why, on  19 May , the Government announced the fishing and coastal growth fund, a £360 million investment that will support the next generation of fishers and breathe new life into our coastal communities.
Through the fund, we have recognised the vital contribution that fishing and coastal communities make to our economy, local communities and national heritage.
Designing the fund with stakeholders is paramount to its success, and we want to work with industry and communities to get their views on how to maximise value and target investment for maximum local impact.
That engagement is just beginning.
We will consider investment in new tech and equipment to modernise the fleets; in training and skills to back the next generation; and in promoting and supporting the seafood sector, so that it can export across the world.
Since the fund was announced, a wide range of stakeholders have called on the Government to learn from previous fisheries funding schemes and to devolve the funding, instead of the funding being at UK-level.
That is why, on  20 October , the Government, in a reaffirmation of our commitment to devolution, confirmed that the fishing and coastal growth fund would be devolved, and that devolved Governments would have full discretion over how to allocate funding.
That approach enables each devolved Government to design and deliver support in response to the specific needs of their fishing and coastal communities.
That will ensure that investment is targeted towards regional needs and national views, and that it best supports coastal towns and villages.
It ensures that decisions are taken closer to the communities that the devolved Governments serve, so the sector can thrive for generations to come.
Although the Government respect the devolution settlement, I would like to encourage collaboration across all Governments to maximise the fund’s impact, as each Government will have their own insights into how the funding can be used, and will learn lessons over the fund’s lifetime.