The Prime Minister has asked me to help to drive forward delivery of the public’s priorities.
In Scotland, we have delivered more money for public services than at any point since devolution began—an extra £9.1 billion over the next three years.
I know that my hon.
Friend and his constituents in Airdrie and Shotts will expect to see that money invested in Scotland’s NHS, schools and frontline policing, instead of being frittered away by the SNP.
In less than 18 months, this Government have delivered defence contracts that will support Scottish jobs for years to come; invested in the pride of place scheme, which will see Scottish town centres rejuvenated, including those in North Lanarkshire; and committed record funding to the Scottish Parliament to invest in Scottish public services.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that stands in stark contrast to the priorities of the SNP in government in Holyrood, which has just wasted more taxpayers’ money on producing yet another tired paper on independence, while one in six Scots wait on NHS waiting lists?
My hon.
Friend rightly recognises the defence dividend that Labour has delivered for Scotland, including the recent £10 billion frigate deal with Norway.
As my hon.
Friend’s constituents will know only too well, more people have waited over two years for NHS  treatment in Lanarkshire alone compared with the whole of England—that is a remarkable stat.
Next year, voters in Airdrie and Shotts and across Scotland will look at that record and have the chance to vote out the tired SNP Government, who are failing to deliver on public services in Scotland, and choose a new direction with Anas Sarwar and Scottish Labour.
The Cabinet Office co-chairs the flood resilience taskforce in order to deliver on its priority to bolster flood defences, but residents in Eastbourne at this very point in time on Wartling Road, Seaside and Whitley Road—and, earlier this week, on Macmillan Drive—have to wade through canals created by flooding brought about by adverse weather.
The work being done to protect against flooding is not enough.
Will the Minister meet with me and other stakeholders to figure out how we can best protect residents, businesses and schools such as Motcombe school from the flood risk?
I am sorry to hear about the situation in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He knows that the Government take flood risk very seriously, and it is a key risk in our national risk register.
That is why the Government have increased spending on flood defences significantly in the recent Budget and spending review, but I absolutely recognise that there is more to do.
I will ensure that we look at the specific circumstances in his constituency and help him to understand when funding will come to support his constituents.