I was not informed.
I believe the right hon.
Gentleman, but I find that answer extraordinary, and I think he should find it extraordinary, too.
As we have already said, the right hon.
Gentleman chairs the National Security Council.
He oversees the Cabinet Office’s national security secretariat.
The Prime Minister knew, the Home Secretary knew, the Cabinet Secretary knew, the chief  of MI5 knew, the Attorney General’s Office knew, but the Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister did not.
Has he asked why he was not told, and what answer was he given?
The hon.
Member seems to be confused by his list of institutions.
The only relevant institution in this case is the Crown Prosecution Service.
It is the CPS that independently decides whether to bring forward these cases, and it was the independent decision of the Crown Prosecution Service not to proceed.
Might I just point out that the Opposition’s arguments over the last few weeks have been quite bemusing?
They started with an accusation that there was political interference in a Crown Prosecution Service case.
That was proven not to be the case, so they changed their argument and are now asking, “Why did you not politically interfere, because that is the way we do things in this country?”
Storm Benjamin is mercifully not forecast to affect my Carlisle constituency today.
However, when storms do land, storm-related power cuts can last hours, and quite often days, in north Cumbria and can include the loss of power to mobile phone masts.
Fixed telecoms operators are under a licence obligation to ensure that they have power back at their key infrastructure points, but no such obligation applies to the mobile operators.
What assessment has been made of the resilience of mobile networks in the event of a prolonged power cut?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
We absolutely recognise the impact that the loss of communication services can have on constituencies like hers.
The Cabinet Office is responsible for the co-ordination of resilience and crisis management across Government, and I have seen at first hand the diligence and professionalism of crisis teams in Cobra.
I would be more than happy to discuss this matter with my hon.
Friend further, and to represent her concerns to the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
Last week, it was reported that No. 10 may have blocked the publication of a new Joint Intelligence Committee report on the severe threat to national security posed by the climate and nature crisis.
With the Government’s own advisers making it clear that we are in no way prepared for the effects of climate change that we are already seeing—such as wildfires, floods and storms, which we have heard about today—let alone the changes that are expected in the coming decades, can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster please tell the House whether it is true that the Government are trying to block the Joint Intelligence Committee chief’s efforts to keep us all safe?
When can we expect the report to see the light of day?
We are on topicals, folks.
The Government take seriously the risk of climate change and the risk it poses to national security.
That is why we are taking action to mitigate that risk and to reduce our carbon emissions.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we publish the outcomes of routine  assessments done by the Government in relation to the national risk register on gov.uk, and that will continue to be the case.
Cryptocurrencies and digital assets are held by an increasing number of UK citizens—over 8 million people, according to recent figures—and the UK has the potential to be a world leader in this field, supporting our growth mission.
Can the Minister detail what steps he has taken to ensure that we rapidly put in place a regulatory regime that gives confidence to the industry to develop and to companies to be based in the UK, while providing protection for consumers?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work that he does in co-chairing the crypto and digital assets all-party parliamentary group.
Financial services are integral to our mission for economic growth, and we are absolutely committed to creating the right conditions for a vibrant, competitive and innovative financial services sector.
That is why the Government are proceeding with proposals to create a new financial services regulatory regime for cryptoassets.
In the absence of a plan, the Government appear to be centralising power and bureaucracy in the form of new quangos.
More than 25 have been created since this Government came into office.
What is the Minister doing to drive ministerial accountability and, crucially, to ensure that there are sunset clauses so that when quangos have met their objectives, they are wound up and come to an end?
The Government agree with the principle of the hon.
Member’s question.
As I said to the House earlier, we want to reduce the layers of bureaucracy and to be able to deliver more action and fewer words.
That is why we are taking action to close arm’s length bodies and other institutions.
Most significantly, we have announced that we will close NHS England and bring decisions back into the Department for Health and Social Care for Ministers to make.
I was pleased that the Minister give an update earlier on the work of the Infected Blood Compensation Authority, but the process is still taking too long.
May I press the Minister to undertake work specifically to expedite the timescales in which compensation is expected to be paid?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for infected blood victims, and he can rest assured that I will continue to drive progress as quickly as I possibly can.
That is how we have got to the stage where over £1.8 billion-worth of offers have been made, and I will continue to drive that progress quickly.
I have  recently been contacted by International House Torquay, a language school, which has welcomed the opportunity for German foreign students to use ID cards to travel as a group.
Can the Minister advise what further opportunities  there will be for other European countries such as Switzerland, Italy and Spain to take advantage of a similar scheme?
We are going even further than that, because the Government are looking to negotiate a youth experience scheme with the European Union.
It will of course be capped, but it will give significant opportunities not just for young Brits to travel, work and study abroad, but to welcome young Europeans here.
At my meet and greet session last week, my constituent Mick also raised that point about the importance of our young people having more opportunities to work and study abroad, including in Europe.
I was so pleased by the Government’s announcement of a youth mobility scheme with the EU, but could I ask the Minister for an update on those plans and how they will benefit my constituents in Aylesbury?