There are reports that Jonathan Powell wrote a box note to the Prime Minister on the China spy trial.
When No. 10 was asked about this, the official spokesman said that it was for the Cabinet Office to answer, and as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the right hon.
Gentleman is uniquely placed to tell us.
Did Powell write a box note to the Prime Minister —yes or no?
No.
What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
Some 2,476 people have now received offers totalling over £1.8 billion.
Alongside the work I am doing to prepare further secondary legislation and a public consultation, I am pleased to announce that applications are opening today for further interim payments of £210,000 to the estates of infected people who have sadly passed away.
In addition, the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has now asked every living infected person registered with a support scheme to come forward and start their claim, and has also opened a service for people to register their intent to claim.
Many survivors of the infected blood scandal and bereaved families are still waiting far too long for compensation.
They include my constituents, the family of Kevin Newman, who was infected with HIV and hepatitis C while a pupil at Treloar’s college and tragically died in 2018.
The family received their first payment last December, but have been waiting for another ever since, and now have to fill in yet another form with a time limit.
Will the Minister ensure that these payments are speeded up?
Absolutely, and that has been my objective throughout.
IBCA took a test and learn approach, and this House quite rightly held me to account at the start of that process when the numbers were lower.
Those numbers are rising exponentially at the moment—that is why there are offers totalling over £1.8 billion—but the hon.
Lady should be reassured that I am 100% not complacent, and will continue to drive progress.
What progress his Department has made on the relocation of civil service jobs to Scotland.
In May, we committed to strengthening our presence in Scotland and across the UK, ensuring that talent from  across the country can have a full career in the civil service without having to move to London.
My first visit as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Minister for intergovernmental relations was to Scotland, and I was delighted to visit the Cabinet Office’s second headquarters —based in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Glasgow North—which will continue to offer more careers and opportunities in the civil service.
Does the Minister agree that having different roles and different levels of positions within the civil service in Glasgow and in Scotland is important so that people can progress their careers while remaining in Glasgow or in Scotland?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We want senior roles in locations across the country and not just in London.
That is why we have committed to ensuring that 50% of UK-based senior civil service jobs are located outside London by 2030.
I should add that on my visit to the Cabinet Office headquarters in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, we met senior civil servants there, and we look forward to returning again in the months ahead.
How many working days have been impacted by strikes in the civil service since July 2024.
I declare that I am a member of the Unite union and refer to my relevant entries in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests on support in general election campaigns.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 36,000 working days were lost because of labour disputes in the public administration and defence sector, which includes the majority of the civil service, between July 2024 and August 2025.
That is down from the 95,000 days lost between May 2023 and June 2024.
I am grateful for that answer, albeit partial, from the Minister, because he is quite right: he relies on the Office for National Statistics for the compilation of these figures.
Now, even its staff have a strike mandate.
They are refusing to attend work even for two days a week.
What are the Government doing to enforce attendance levels at work?
When does he think the ONS will find time to report on it?
Attendance levels are certainly important, but the hon.
Gentleman has got some chutzpah, because under the previous Prime Minister—I note he is no longer in his place, although he was earlier in the questions—the UK lost more days due to strike action than France did, and the hon.
Gentleman is here trying to lecture us about it.
We will work in partnership with trade unions to avoid unnecessary disruption and not end up in the situation that the last Government did.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This is my first appearance at the Dispatch Box as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister.
In this role, I have been tasked with modernising the state to build a system that will better deliver the public’s priorities and better communicate the changes we are making across the country.
Sadly, too many political parties today wish to tear down our institutions and the public services we all rely on as the solution to the public’s frustration with a legacy system that struggles to deliver change, but there is an alternative.
This Government are committed to renewal and delivering on the promise of change.
We will build a modern state and better public services that are there when people need them.
We will lead the way to a Britain renewed.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will just answer the question from the official Opposition that I could not answer in substantive questions about when I was informed of the Crown Prosecution Service decision to not proceed with the case.
I was informed of this decision after the Prime Minister.
I should also inform the House that I look forward to answering more questions before the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy on Wednesday next week.
Transforming Britain’s public services will be a mammoth task, but while the white heat of artificial intelligence and digital technology offer a revolutionary opportunity to improve performance and value for money in healthcare, tax services and everything in between, will the Government seize this opportunity to modernise our public services, working with the brightest and best industries across Britain?
The answer is absolutely yes.
All our constituents know from their experiences at home, whether they are trying to do their banking, do their shopping or book a holiday, that they have the power to do it, when they want to do it, how they want to do it, on their phone, with services delivered in the way they want.
That is in complete contrast to a number of our public services, and the public rightly expect, when they are paying tax money for public services, that we catch up with the private sector and deliver better public services that work in the way they want.