The recent cyber-attack on Jaguar Land Rover is reported to have cost the UK £1.9 billion, making it the most expensive in British history.
It follows similar crippling incidents for companies such as M&S and the Co-op.
Individual companies are taking their own security decisions, but in our increasingly interdependent world, the impact of those decisions can be felt at national and international levels.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress being made in that area under the Government’s resilience action plan, and when does he expect the introduction of the cyber-security and resilience Bill, which was mentioned in last year’s King’s Speech, so that we can assure the British public that such attacks are being treated as a pressing matter of national security?
I am genuinely grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that matter, which is of real concern for the Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and myself.
Protecting  national security, including by defending against cyber-attacks, is absolutely our first duty, and she is absolutely right to highlight concerns about the attack on Jaguar Land Rover.
We take this incredibly seriously.
Indeed, my first visit as a Cabinet Office Minister was to the National Cyber Security Centre.
I can tell her that the Home Office is progressing a new package of legislative measures to protect UK businesses from ransomware attacks, which, as she knows, are the most harmful cyber- crime facing the UK.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of civil service recruitment.
Welcome, Minister.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
This Government’s aim is to recruit the brightest and best talent into the civil service—brilliant people from across the UK with the skills to deliver the priorities of the British people.
We have already taken steps to improve recruitment, with the first ever cross-Government standardised recruitment processes and benchmarks, to strengthen accountability and bring faster, higher-quality and more inclusive recruitment.
Fast, fair, inclusive: that is our recruitment vision.
The Government are restricting applications to the civil service fast stream summer internship programme in favour of those kids who they deem to be from working-class backgrounds.
What does the Minister have to say to the children of hard-working nurses, police officers and teachers who will now not get the same opportunities because of decisions made by this Government?
The fast stream programme, of which I am proud to be a graduate, is the No. 1 graduate employee scheme in the country.
We are proud that we have had over 70,000 applicants for just 754 appointments.
We know that we have done very well in increasing diversity, with applications from ethnic minority candidates, women and people with disabilities, but we are falling short in applications from those from lower socioeconomic backgrounds.
I make no apologies about taking proactive decisions to ensure that people who do not necessarily have the same social capital or relationship strength as those from other higher social backgrounds can take internships.
The number of working-class people in the civil service is three times smaller than the broader UK workforce, and we are taking action on that.