This fund is a weak apology from a Labour Government who, this year, have sold out the UK fishing industry.
It is a mere sticking plaster—a rushed one, at best—that ignores the proportion of fish caught in different parts of these isles, involves the devolved Administrations poorly, and ignores evidence-based delivery and logic.
This fund is Labour trying to buy off the UK fishing fleet, due to its disastrous 12-year deal with the EU; the deal is three times longer than the deal Labour sought.
It prevents Britain from setting annual fishing quotas, as other independent coastal states do.
Fishing organisations have called the deal a “horror show” for fishermen.
Will the money be front-loaded and spent where it will have the greatest benefit for industry and coastal communities?
What input will fishing organisations and representatives have in ensuring that the fund is spent in the right place?
Fishing is not just about the fish caught; it is also about the people and marine wildlife involved.
Can the Government explain how the fund will support fishers’ mental health and efforts to protect marine wildlife, such as by ending bycatch?
There is not enough detail for the industry to plan.
How will the fund be delivered, how is it being targeted to support the fishing industry, and how are the Labour Government supporting the next generation of fishermen and women with the fund?
This fund is an example of the Labour Government trying to buy off the industry with a sticking plaster, rather than ensuring that the best deal for the British fishing industry is the one that they negotiate with the EU.
The fund is about long-term transformation and partnership.
We want to modernise the fishing sector, support coastal regeneration and build resilience in the industry across the UK.
For that reason, we will co-design the fund with local communities and the industry.
I am not able to answer the hon.
Gentleman’s questions in detail at this precise moment, because we seek to co-operate with those who will be beneficiaries.
When I am in a position to make further announcements, I certainly will.
As a coastal MP, I was delighted that my constituency was selected for £20 million of pride in place funding.
How will those funds benefit coastal communities around the country?
Pride in place funding is a new initiative from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Colleagues will know that it is based very much on a bottom-up approach to improving place.
My understanding is that allocations will be given and directed by local boards with community membership.
That is an important way of doing regeneration.
It is not doing things to people from on high; it means trying to involve and listen to those who live in those places, who know what is best.
I hope that we will be able to apply that principle to the use of these funds over time.