Throughout these revelations, Ministers and the Prime Minister’s spokesperson have repeatedly claimed that the Government had no sight of the witness statements and no input.
The PM himself said that at Prime Minister’s questions last week.
But the Government Legal Service’s own guidance requires the Attorney General to be consulted on the most sensitive legal cases involving the Government.
In a case as high profile as this, where the very integrity of Parliament and our national security was at stake, did the Attorney General—the Government’s top legal adviser—really not review the witness statements before they were submitted on behalf of the Government?
If not, please could the Solicitor General tell us why not?
Given the very serious national security implications, will the SG commit to a statutory independent inquiry into why the case collapsed, and will she please   update the House as to when the Government will share the full China audit with the Intelligence and Security Committee?
As I set out in my answer to the urgent question, the previous Law Officers gave consent to prosecute in April 2024.
After that happens, it is right that there is no further involvement of Law Officers in cases.
In accordance with the framework, that is how things work.
It is right that politicians do not interfere with prosecutions in criminal cases, and that is what happened in this case once consent to prosecute was granted.
May I just start by saying that nobody in this House is disputing the independence of the prosecution or indeed the judicial officers?
Nobody has had any dispute on that point at all.
The question is a different one.
It is whether an official who is giving evidence not on his behalf, but on behalf of the Government, should have had any communication with his own Government after the prosecutor said that the evidence was not sufficient.
One argument is that if the Government are not supplying enough evidence, surely they should supply a little bit more.
But the argument that the Government are using is that the official gave evidence on the basis of the previous Government’s view between 2021 and 2023.
Well, that is a little odd, because the Labour party manifesto was not written until 2024, and yet he quotes it in his evidence.
There is an incoherence here: either he is giving evidence on the basis of the previous Government’s view between 2021 and 2023, in which case the Labour party manifesto is irrelevant, or he is reflecting the view of the Government post 2024, in which case the quotation of the Labour party manifesto is relevant.
Which is it?
In terms of the witness statements, to start with the first and by far most substantive witness statement was the one made under the previous Government.
In relation to more recent statements, the Conservatives’ starting argument was that the Government in some way interfered with the evidence, and now they seem to be criticising the fact that we did not interfere with the evidence.
It is right that the deputy National Security Adviser gave that evidence free from any political interference, as has been confirmed numerous times in this House already.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  is quite right.
Throughout the whole saga, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  made clear, there have been conflicting stories about who did what, and why it could or could not be done, all in the same breath.
But we know the rules require that the Attorney General is consulted on matters that are politically sensitive.
It does not cut across his independence; it simply means that he or she has to be informed at the time.
We understand from the Director of Public Prosecutions that the Attorney General must have been told that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute.
If so, the Attorney General’s role in this matter—independently—is to say to the authorities in the Government, “You are not providing sufficient evidence.
This prosecution will collapse unless you do.”
Did the Attorney General say  to the Government, “You are not providing enough evidence to secure a prosecution.
It is over to you to do as you have been asked by the DPP”?
The Attorney General will be giving his evidence to the Committee next week.
I think it is right to say that the case was dropped by the CPS not on public interest grounds but on evidential grounds.
When a case is dropped on evidential grounds, the framework sets out that the Law Officers be informed when that has happened, and not that there is consultation beforehand.
This is a case that did not continue on evidential grounds.
Given the important national security implications of this whole sorry case, what assessment has the Attorney General’s Office made of the impact that the decision may have on confidence in our ability to prosecute alleged foreign interference?
This case was prosecuted under legislation that was in force when the alleged offences were committed in 2021 to 2023.
The law has now changed—it took the Conservative party many years to tighten up national security legislation; it passed with support from Labour Members—and under the legislation as it stands now, it is easier to bring prosecutions of this nature because the enemy test no longer has to be satisfied.
The Attorney General has a duty to superintend prosecution agencies.
The Government have previously defined superintendence as, inter alia, “a right for the Attorney General to be consulted and informed about difficult, sensitive and high-profile cases”, of which this is clearly one.
Given that the Attorney General is responsible by statute for the superintendence of the Crown Prosecution Service and overall super- intendency of the DPP, and additionally has the requirement for consent to prosecute certain categories of criminal offences such as those relating to official secrets, what action did the Attorney General take once he had been informed of the potential collapse of the China spying trial?
As I have set out, consent to prosecute in this case had to be granted by Law Officers, and that was done under the previous Government.
Once consent is granted, it is for the CPS to prosecute a case, rightly without political interference.
This case was discontinued by the CPS on evidential grounds, as opposed to public interest grounds.
I am sure that the hon.
Member is aware of the two-part test for prosecutors.
When a case is discontinued on evidential grounds, it is not for the CPS to consult with Law Officers in advance of that.
I say again that the Attorney General will first give written evidence this week and then oral evidence on Tuesday.
None of it makes sense—not the collapsed trial, Chagos or the embassy—but, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  says, it all makes sense if the Government have prioritised a strategic relationship with communist China, does it not?
I politely remind the right hon.
Gentleman that this case was to be tried under the Government’s position in relation to China between 2021 and 2023, when his party was in Government.
The Solicitor General has repeatedly said that prosecutors and not politicians should decide whether to prosecute.
Of course that is the case, but that is a straw man argument.
The issue here is not political interference in the decision to prosecute, but political interference in the evidence that was given to the CPS, affecting its ability to prosecute.
We have been told that the Attorney General was informed.
Why was he informed, if not to allow him to take action to perfect the evidence?
Why did he not?