I am very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman, and I again pay tribute to him for his hugely important work in this area when he was the Paymaster General.
On the public inquiry and the recent report, I hope to update the House in due course—subject, of course, to your permission, Mr Speaker—about action on the recommendations.
On the public inquiry remaining open, that is of course a matter for the chair, Sir Brian Langstaff.
I have heard from small businesses locally, including a butcher’s and a lighting supplier, about how Brexit has imposed extra barriers on small businesses such as theirs.
Will the Minister outline how the UK-EU common understanding will improve conditions for small businesses, particularly those that import from and export to the EU?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for her constituents, and the common understanding will of course benefit the businesses she mentions.
Our deals on emissions, energy trading, food and agricultural trade will all reduce costs for businesses.
Astonishingly, the Conservatives and  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  want to reverse that and reimpose those costs on businesses.
Given that the Cabinet Office advises the Government on establishing public inquiries, will the Minister meet the families of the senior military and intelligence personnel who were killed when an RAF Chinook helicopter crashed on the Mull of Kintyre in 1994?
The families have gathered compelling evidence suggesting that the Ministry of Defence was aware that the Mk 2 Chinook in which they were travelling was not airworthy.
They are petitioning the Government to establish an independent, judge-led public inquiry.
Will the Minister meet the families or at least advise a relevant Cabinet colleague so to do?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, who raises a very serious case.
If he were able to write to me directly about it, I will certainly look at what would be the most suitable ministerial meeting.
I recently met Estonian MPs to hear about their experience of using digital ID over the last two decades, and particularly about how people’s ability to see who has accessed their data is the cornerstone of the data privacy controls at the heart of their system.
They talked about the efficiency gains across the public and private sector, such as when someone changes their name after marriage or buys a property.
How does the Minister see modernisation of the state improving the delivery of public services in the UK?
In our public services, almost everywhere we look, outdated digital and data systems trap us in the past.
We are laser focused on reforming the state.
Central to that is a free, universal digital ID that will bring the state to all citizens and improve access to public services.
A national digital identity system is a public good that is long overdue and this Government will deliver it.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster has just come to the Dispatch Box and said that we have done a new trade deal with the European Union, which I think is news to both the Prime Minister and Brussels.
The only thing this Government have done so far in terms of EU relations is to sell out our fishing industry for the next 12 years.
With that in mind, will the Minister actually stand up for British interests in future negotiations with Brussels?
I stand up for British interests in every negotiation with Brussels.
I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what is not standing up for British interests.
We negotiated, within 10 months of coming into government, the new common understanding that will be good for jobs, bear down on bills and give us the tools to secure our borders.
The leader of the Conservative party opposed it before even reading it.
I have been thinking about the cost of software licensing in the public sector, because North West Anglia NHS  foundation trust is trying to move to an electronic patient record and one of the biggest ongoing costs of that is third-party payments for software.
Other trusts are in the same position, as are many schools paying for pupil management software.
Will the procurement Minister commit to looking into whether we can instead deliver some of that in-house and save significant sums?
Cases of the kind my hon.
Friend is talking about are the reason we have been consulting on a public interest test.
On the specific case he raises, if he writes to me I will ensure that the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven (Chris Ward)  provides him with a response.
My constituent Phil is in the special category mechanism for the 916 people who were inexplicably excluded from the infected blood compensation scheme in February, even though the Government’s expert group said in August last year that they should be compensated.
On  5 June , the Paymaster General said he would consider the compensation arrangements.
I may have missed it—forgive me if I have—but I also asked for a list of conditions that might be included within that.
Does he have an update for me, please?
I am certainly looking at the issue of the special category mechanism, as I undertook to do.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me I can look at the specific list, but I am also hoping, with Mr Speaker’s permission, to update the House on this and other infected blood issues very shortly.
Residents in a housing development in my constituency are facing a number of issues after yet another developer has gone bust.
Parts of the shared communal land have reverted back to the ownership of the Duchy of Cornwall, rather than to the residents themselves, who have to purchase the land back and cover the duchy’s legal costs.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, quite rightly, has Cabinet oversight, but who does the Duchy of Cornwall answer to and what recourse do my constituents now have in this case?
If the hon.
Member writes to me with his constituency case, I will make sure that the Duchy of Cornwall looks at it in due course.
Eastbourne is benefiting from some coastal defence scheme funding, the flood defence grant-in-aid, but it leaves heritage assets behind.
Only residents and businesses currently qualify, which is leaving Eastbourne’s historic bandstand at risk of severe flooding.
Will the Minister meet me and colleagues across the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to review the loophole that leaves our bandstand behind?
I recognise the problem.
The decision was to use the budget available to protect people’s homes and that has left other buildings at comparable  risk.
The relevant DEFRA Minister is working with DCMS on this issue.
I will ensure that a conversation can take place.
On the infected blood compensation scheme in Northern Ireland, as of  21 February , 149 people had started the process, with 38 offers made totalling some £48 million.
What assessment has been made of the time taken from when an application is made to when a payment actually arrives through the door?
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority is operationally independent, but I am accountable to this House.
It is important that I have regular conversations and provide challenge on the kind of timescales the hon.
Gentleman is talking about.
The infected blood scandal predates modern-day   devolution and he can rest assured that all four corners of the United Kingdom are at the forefront of my mind in respect of the speed of delivery.