I think the Government are right to identify economic growth as a key priority.
I also agree with the Chancellor, who this week identified Brexit as one of the reasons that they are finding growth tough to find.
Brexit red tape is a millstone around the neck of our economy; it has added 2 billion pieces of extra business paperwork, piled on costs and stifled innovation.
Businesses in my constituency tell me they have stopped selling to our nearest neighbours in the world’s largest trading bloc altogether.
Does the Minister agree that if the Government are serious about growing our economy, they should unleash trade by joining a bespoke customs union with the European Union?
May I welcome the hon.
Lady to her new spokesperson role?
We recognise the impact that Brexit has had on the UK economy, which is why we have entered into a new trade deal in our first year in government with the European Union.
A very key part of that is the sanitary and phytosanitary agreement for food and drink trade, which my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Torfaen (Nick Thomas-Symonds)  is working on with European counterparts at the moment.
Once that is implemented, we look forward to seeing trade improve, growth increasing and prices coming down on the shelves in supermarkets across the United Kingdom.
What steps he is taking to increase opportunities to work in the civil service for people who live outside London.
Our great civil service serves all the people across the UK, so it should look like them, sound like them and come from the same towns, cities, regions and nations as the communities it serves.
By 2030, half of the senior civil service will be located outside London, with half of the fast stream placements also in the regions and nations.
This Government are absolutely committed to radical reform to ensure that people from all parts of the UK can have a full and rewarding career in His Majesty’s civil service.
The Government’s plan to relocate civil service jobs outside London will bring high-quality jobs across the United Kingdom and ensure that policy is delivered closer to the communities it serves.
However, none of the areas identified for that relocation is in the east of England, and notably, none is in Essex.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that these opportunities exist in every region, including my constituency of Southend East and Rochford, and will the Minister meet me to discuss the opportunities that are available?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for his constituency.
We greatly value the contribution of the 23,000 civil service staff who are based in the east of England, and are determined that the people of Southend East and Rochford should have the same opportunities as those in Redcar, or anywhere else in the country.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter further.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national security.
Keeping our country and our citizens safe is the first duty of this Government, and the Cabinet Office plays a central role in that endeavour.
My right hon.
Friend the Security Minister and I regularly bring Ministers together from across Government to take decisions that strengthen our country’s national security.
Recently, my Department published the resilience action plan, and we are now implementing the national security strategy, which sharpens our efforts to improve national security.
Later today, my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Dorset (Lloyd Hatton)  and I will meet small and medium-sized enterprises in the defence sector and skills training providers to discuss how we in Dorset can benefit from the Government’s defence industrial strategy.
Can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster tell me how this Government’s commitment to increasing defence spending to 2.5% by 2027 will create jobs and growth in my constituency of Bournemouth West?