I would like to take this opportunity to welcome the new Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster to his post.
I know that he is one of the most able performers in the Government, and he is now in one of the most important and under- appreciated roles in Government.
For the good of the country, I wish him well.
He is also the first Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister.
We Conservatives congratulate him on how well Downing Street has been run since he took over—we have enjoyed it greatly.
Phase 2 is proving to be a real belter.
On the alleged spying on Members of this House, Downing Street has revealed that the Prime Minister became aware on  13 September  that the case was about to collapse.
When was the Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister first told that the trial was unlikely to proceed, and who told him?
I am slightly struggling to make the connection with resilience, Mr Speaker, but I am very happy to respond— Perhaps I can help, then.
Security does include the resilience and the security of this House.
I can go through it a bit more if need be, but I am sure that the Minister will use his imagination to answer.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Well, let me tell the hon.
Gentleman.
The decision not to prosecute was taken independently by the Crown Prosecution Service.
The Government were extremely disappointed by that decision and published the deputy National Security Adviser’s three witness statements.
All three clearly articulate the very serious threats posed by China.
No Minister or special adviser in this Government interfered with the case.
I wonder whether Conservative Members could have said the same about their Government.
Okay, I will repeat the question for the Security Minister, because either he did not hear it or he chose not to answer it.
My question was very specific.
We know that the Prime Minister was told on  13 September  that the trial was unlikely to proceed—Downing Street has told us that.
My question is: when was the Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster told, and who told him?
He oversees the Cabinet Office’s National Security Secretariat, and he chairs the National Security Council.
When was he told?
rose— He’s right there!
Why doesn’t he answer?
Order.
We have had one or two little bits of that, Mr Mayhew, and we do not need it.
You should know better; you have been here long enough now.
I expect a little bit more respect.
For the purposes of transparency, the Prime Minister took the decision to publish the DNSA’s witness statements.
He has been crystal clear that no Minister and no special adviser in this Government interfered in any way with the case.
I would be very grateful if  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  confirmed whether that was the case under the previous Government.