MAY 8 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Food and Drug Administration.
SD-124 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department SD-192 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine alleviating administrative burdens in health care, focusing on reducing paperwork and cutting costs.
SD-608 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Environmental Protection Agency.
SD-406 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the urgent need to protect immigrant youth.
SD-106 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department SD-562 2:30 p.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Congressional Budget Office, the Government Accountability Office, and the Government Publishing Office.
SD-124 Committee on Indian Affairs To receive a briefing on the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission's Report on Native Children.
SD-628 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine military and civilian personnel programs in the Department of Defense in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SD-G50 4 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-232A 4:45 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense missile defense activities in review of the Defense Authorization