Title: CELEBRATING DAVID DOUGLASS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
44

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DAVID DOUGLASS

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, this February, I had the privilege of

commemorating the 30th anniversary of the tragic passing of a fallen

hero, Officer David C. Douglass.
On February 18, 1994, Officer Douglass

valiantly answered the call of a burglar in the area and tragically

lost his life in the line of duty.
He was not only a dedicated member

of the Lower Township Police Department for 18 years but also served as

a lieutenant in the Town Bank Fire Department.
His contributions to

public safety extended beyond his role in law enforcement; he helped

establish the Lower Township SWAT team, instructed at the Cape May

County Police Academy, and served as a past president of the

Policeman's Benevolent Association.
Officer Douglass was a beloved

member of our community, known for his integrity, friendship, and

mentorship.
His legacy lives on through his family, including his wife,

son, daughter, and stepdaughter, as well as in the hearts of all who

knew him.
I thank Officer David C. Douglass for his bravery, his

service, and his sacrifice.
He will forever be remembered and cherished

in our hearts.
God Bless Officer Douglass and God Bless the United

States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING IAN CROWLEY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, this February, I had the pleasure of

attending the Eagle Scout Court of Honor for Ian Crowley, a young man

who is a model of dedication, perseverance, and commitment to community

service.
During his time in the Scouts, Ian has learned the importance

of preserving and celebrating our history, a lesson which inspired his

Eagle Scout project.
He undertook a major task and installed QR codes

at the Lifesaving Station, a local historical site in South Jersey.
These codes provide access to videos that detail each of the artifacts'

histories, preserving the knowledge for generations to come.
Beyond his

time spent with the Scouts, Ian excels academically and demonstrates a

remarkable work ethic.
He always keeps busy, whether that's his pursuit

of his pilot's license or his participation in the Ocean City High

School golf team.
In recognition of his outstanding achievements, Ian

has been honored with the Order of the Arrow, an award which celebrates

his dedication to community service, leadership, and the preservation

of history.
I congratulate Ian on all accomplishments.
He makes us all

proud.
God Bless Ian and God Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING JAYSON CAGLE

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, last month, I had the honor of celebrating

Jayson Cagle, a remarkable young man from Pittsgrove, South Jersey, who

has achieved the rank of Eagle Scout with Boy Scouts of America Troop

1058.
Jayson's journey to Eagle Scout is not just a personal triumph

but a testament to his unwavering commitment to making a positive

impact in his surroundings.
His Eagle Scout project, improving his high

school's music room, reflects his dedication to both his community and

his passion for music.
As a graduating high school senior this year,

Jayson has been accepted into Seton Hall University's School of

Diplomacy and International Relations, where he hopes to learn how to

serve his country on the global stage.
Jayson's commitment to service

and leadership is an inspiration to us all.
I'm proud to congratulate

him for his achievements and I wish him all the best.
God Bless Jayson

and God Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MT.
HARMONY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL STUDENTS BECOMING NEWLY

PUBLISHED AUTHORS

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.