From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MT.
HARMONY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL STUDENTS BECOMING NEWLY

PUBLISHED AUTHORS

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, the students at Mt. Harmony

Elementary School, located in my district, accomplished a terrific

feat: they became published authors.
Each grade wrote and illustrated a

book documenting their recent visit to the National Mall right here in

the heart of our Nation's capital.
I thank their librarian Melaney

Sanchez, Mt. Harmony PTA Treasurer Jennifer Franco, National Mall

Education Specialist Ranger Jen Epstein, and everyone else who helped

make this extraordinary, hands-on learning experience possible.
Together, they took more than 600 kids to Washington, D.C.

During these visits, the students learned about American history and

the principles upon which our democracy rests.
From the sculpture of

Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to the statue of President Abraham Lincoln,

the dark stone walls commemorating the Americans who died in Vietnam to

the quiet fountains that honor the fallen of World War II, they saw

monuments and memorials that pay tribute to the men and women who have

sustained our country for the past 246 years.
Some of the children even

had the chance to sing patriotic songs for Veterans at the World War II

Memorial.
Back at school, students worked together to write down their

impressions and sketch what they saw on the field trip.
Mr. Speaker, young Americans like the ones at Mt. Harmony give me

hope for this country's future.
It is inspiring to see them take such a

great interest in America's civic culture and history.
We all ought to

be grateful to the educators, parents, and community leaders who gave

them that opportunity.
One day, these children will be the guardians of

our great American experiment.
They will carry on the same work of the

historic figures they learned about on their trip--that sacred American

duty `to form a more perfect Union.'
Their authorship of these books

proves that they have already started to contribute to that crucial

mission.
For that, they have my thanks and the gratitude of the

Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in applauding the

students--and authors--at Mt. Harmony.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING VOICES OF UNITY YOUTH CHOIR

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Voices of Unity

Youth Choir as they head to Auckland, New Zealand to compete in the

2024 World Choir Games.
This honor is well deserved, considering the setbacks the choir has

faced over the last few years.
Perhaps the most significant of these

recent challenges was the departure of over 40 of their student

participants in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.
This did not hinder

Voices of Unity; they rallied by launching the ``Rising With Purpose

Rebuilding Initiative,'' which engaged a new wave of talented Northeast

Indiana youth.
It was with this soulful new chorale group that Voices of Unity

achieved this tremendous success.
Unity will be representing Fort Wayne

across the world in the Gospel Music Category of the ``Olympics'' of

the chorale world.
This experience will be transformational for the

young people involved, and an ideal opportunity for them to represent

their community, culture, and Nation to an international audience.
I am proud that our community will be represented by this choir with

beautiful song, and I congratulate the singers, staff, and board of

Voices of Unity Youth Choir on their great achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 15, 2024, AS ``MORQUIO

A SYNDROME AWARENESS DAY''

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.