From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GEORGE MOROZ'S SERVICE TO THE HENRY FORD MUSEUM AND THE

STATE OF MICHIGAN

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize George Moroz,

the Director of External Relations and Special Assistant to the

President at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, on the

occasion of his retirement.
His longstanding dedication to education

and the preservation of history is worthy of commendation.
George got his start in public service with the Detroit Symphony

Orchestra, serving as Vice President for Development from 1989-1996.
In

that position, he was in charge of all fundraising activity and

government relations for the organization.
Armed with that experience,

he then took up his position at The Henry Ford, where he has been a

driving force in the growth and evolution of the museum over the last

three decades.
George's passion for enriching the lives of Michiganders is

exemplified by his 27 years of dedication to The Henry Ford and the

broader museum community.
Throughout his career George worked

tirelessly to advocate for the importance of museums such as The Henry

Ford and worked with museum advocates on local, state, and national

levels.
His years of advocacy resulted in the longstanding partnership

between the Michigan Museum Association and the Tourism Industry

Coalition of Michigan, strengthening the relationship between these

critical cultural markers.
George worked tirelessly for 16 years with federal and state partners

to bring the John Dingell Transit Station to its current location

adjacent to The Henry Ford campus, creating opportunities for visitors

from all over the country to access this national treasure.
George

further played a pivotal role in the restoration and creation of key

community sites such as the Greenfield Village, Rouge Oxbow, and

Central Farmer's Market Vegetable Shed that will provide enjoyment for

generations to come.
Recognizing a greater need for community engagement, Mr. Moroz

created and oversaw the Diversity and Inclusion Centered Equity (DICE)

initiative, laying the groundwork for Henry Ford's DEAI programming

that continues today.
These programs have worked to ensure Henry Ford

serves as an inclusive cultural hub and carry on George's beliefs in

collaboration and community building.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

many accomplishments of George Moroz over the last 30+ years.
We thank

him for his service, dedication, and leadership in advancing and

preserving the cultural heritage of the State of Michigan, and wish him

the best in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CIVIC WORK, PHILANTHROPY, AND COMMUNITY SERVICE OF

HAROLD ``SANDY'' AND CONNIE WOLFINGER AS HONOREES AT THE THIRTY-EIGHTH

ANNUAL SALUTE TO OLEAN BANQUET

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the civic

leadership, philanthropy, and community service of Harold ``Sandy'' and

Connie Wolfinger.
In the last few years, I have come to know them

personally as friends, and I have seen firsthand the deep connection

they have to the community.
I am glad to see that their dedication and

passion was recognized on March 7th as honorees at the thirty-eighth

Annual Salute to Olean banquet.
Each of their stories of self-built

business and success is a testament to the importance and hope in the

American Dream.
In return, Sandy and Connie have generously given back

to their community through local civic leadership and philanthropy,

which has benefited generations of students across the region.
Harold, or Sandy as he is called by friends, was the first in his

family to graduate from college before going into forestry where he

worked his way up from humble beginnings in several companies before

starting his own--Northern Forests LLC, which continues to be a success

thirty years later.
Connie is a native to the area, growing up between

the communities of Olean, Cuba, and Portville in the heart of the

Southern Tier of New York.