Bill eventually returned to Detroit as partner at the law

firm Goodman Hurwitz, where he continued to represent families and

individuals who were victims of police and government misconduct.
Bill worked with a number of legal advocacy organizations, including

the National Lawyers Guild, ACLU, and Sugar Law Center, where I got to

know him when we both served as board members.
I knew Bill to be a

fierce advocate, a brilliant legal mind, and a tenacious but kind

warrior for justice.
Please join me in tribute to Bill Goodman, remembering his life and

distinguished career.
May he rest in power.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ADVERTISING EQUITY

ACCOUNTABILITY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Federal Government

Advertising Equity Accountability Act, which would require all federal

agencies to include in their annual budget requests to Congress the

amount they spend on advertising contracts with small disadvantaged

businesses (SDBs) and businesses owned by minorities and women.
Federal

agencies would be required to provide prior and projected total

expenditures for such contracts.
At my request, the Committee on

Appropriations has been requiring such information from many agencies

for the last several years, but this bill would codify this requirement

and apply it to all federal agencies.
In 2007, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) examined spending

on advertising contracts with minority-owned businesses by five

agencies--the Department of Defense, the Department of the Treasury,

the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of the

Interior and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--and

found that only five percent of the $4.3 billion available for

advertising contracts went to minority businesses.
In light of these

concerning findings, several Members of Congress and I sent letters to

GAO in April 2016 and June 2022 requesting updated information on the

amount of federal advertising dollars spent with SDBs and businesses

owned by minorities and women.
A GAO report released in July 2018

showed that in fiscal year 2017, only 16 percent of the federal

government's advertising contract obligations went to SDBs and

businesses owned by minorities and women.
GAO agreed last year to issue

an updated report.
The federal government is the largest advertiser in the United

States, and it has an obligation to ensure equitable access to its

contracts for SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
The

GAO's findings demonstrate that there is still much progress to be

made.
The regular collection of information on federal advertising

contracts with SDBs and businesses owned by women and minorities is

essential to bridging the gap between what current statistics show and

a more inclusive advertising landscape.
This bill would help achieve

this goal while also promoting transparency and encouraging federal

agencies to strive to reach minorities, who often receive the news from

smaller media outlets that serve communities of color.
The requirement

that agencies submit prior and projected information on the amount of

advertising dollars spent with SDBs and businesses owned by minorities

and women would allow federal agencies to evaluate their progress.
The

regular collection of this information would also demonstrate that the

promotion of equity in advertising, and in all areas of government, is

a continuous effort and is important to the mission of every agency.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NO STOLEN TRADEMARKS HONORED IN AMERICA ACT OF 2023

speech of

HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, recognizing and safeguarding intellectual

property rights is a vital interest for the United States and a

critical component of our leadership, which has historically championed

strong IP rights.
Consistent and strong IP rights ensure that business will seek to

innovate in the U.S. and enjoy the protections granted under our

Constitution and laws.