DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, recognizing and safeguarding intellectual

property rights is a vital interest for the United States and a

critical component of our leadership, which has historically championed

strong IP rights.
Consistent and strong IP rights ensure that business will seek to

innovate in the U.S. and enjoy the protections granted under our

Constitution and laws.
It goes without saying that strong IP protections require that the

government respect IP ownership and the right of IP owners to control

who exercises their rights.
Similarly obvious is that the government should not condone IP theft.
That is exactly what has happened with the trademarks stolen by the

Communist government of Cuba.
As if oppressing and brutalizing the Cuban people was not enough, the

Castro regime also stole IP from legitimate owners during its vicious

takeover of Cuba.
This included stealing valuable trademarks, such as ``Havana Club,''

from the Arechabala family.
The Arechabala family for years invested their time and resources

building a world-renowned brand for their rum only to have the

Communists steal it along with the rest of their property, including

all of their production facilities.
The Castro regime then embarked on decades of exploiting that IP,

manufacturing and exporting rum using the ``Havana Club'' trademark

they stole.
The Arechabala family never recovered from what happened to them, but

they transferred their rightful interests in their trademarks to the

Bacardi family and company in the U.S.

As a world leader when it comes to IP rights, it should be clear that

the U.S. government would side with Bacardi in a dispute between them

and the Castro regime over these trademarks.
But in 2016, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO,

recognized the Cuban regime's claim on the ``Havana Club'' trademark

even though it was stolen by the Cuban regime.
That is why I introduced this bill, which prohibits the executive

branch from recognizing, enforcing, or validating any trademark used in

connection with a business or assets that were confiscated without the

consent of the original owner or successor-in-interest.
I was delighted to be joined by my Democratic colleague, Ms.

Wasserman Schultz of Florida, in introducing it, and the bill has since

been cosponsored by 17 other Members from both parties on the way to

being overwhelmingly approved by the Judiciary Committee on a

bipartisan basis.
We all agree that the U.S. government should not reward those who

would steal and exploit trademarks, or any other IP, without the

consent of the legitimate owners.
Allowing Cuba to propagate its misappropriation of IP also sets a

harmful precedent for international IP protections.
I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this

legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRAD SHERMAN

Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent from the Chamber

on Monday, November 13, 2023 for the first votes of the week.
Had I

been present, I would have voted ``Yea'' on Roll Call No.
643; ``Yea''

on Roll Call No.
644; and ``Yea'' on Roll Call No.
645.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRIS JONES

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Chris Jones

and his service to Virginia's First District, commonly called

``America's First District'' and the Nation.
This is both a moment of

reflection and a time to express our heartfelt appreciation for a job

well done.
Chris began his career in public service as a District Representative

for my predecessor, Rep. Jo Ann Davis, covering the regions of the

Middle Peninsula and the Northern Neck, Chris' family has called the

Northern Neck home for generations.
Chris joined my office in 2007 and

worked his way up to Deputy District Director.