This is both a moment of

reflection and a time to express our heartfelt appreciation for a job

well done.
Chris began his career in public service as a District Representative

for my predecessor, Rep. Jo Ann Davis, covering the regions of the

Middle Peninsula and the Northern Neck, Chris' family has called the

Northern Neck home for generations.
Chris joined my office in 2007 and

worked his way up to Deputy District Director.
Chris has been the

epitome of public service excellence, a dedication of over 20 years to

the betterment of our community, our Commonwealth, and our nation.
His

journey has been one of tireless effort, navigation through the

complexities of government--from the local, state, and federal--to

serve citizens with grace, resilience, and an unyielding sense of

purpose.
During Chris' tenure, he has been a beacon of leadership, inspiring

those around him to strive for excellence and to uphold the values that

define our Congressional office and as a true Virginia gentleman.
Chris' genuine concern for the well-being of America's First District

citizens, has left an indelible mark on all of us.
Today is not only a farewell; it's a moment to express our deepest

gratitude.
Chris' tireless dedication has set a standard for excellence

that will be hard to match.
His infectious enthusiasm will be sorely

missed, but Chris' legacy will undoubtedly endure in the continued

success of America's First District constituent services.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing the service and

accomplishments of Chris Jones.
May God bless Chris, and I look forward

to seeing his continued success in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GLENN OWENS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Emergency Medical

Services (EMS) Coordinator Glenn Owens for his twenty-five years of

service with the Dearborn Fire Department in Michigan's 12th District

Strong.
EMS Coordinator Owens began his career as a firefighter with the

Dearborn Fire Department in 1998.
Over the past twenty-five years, he

has served in numerous roles and has remained steadfast in his

commitment to service and keeping our communities safe.
EMS Coordinator

Owens has been recognized many times over the course of his career in

Dearborn for his exemplary record, including lifesaving and safe

driving.
He has also been awarded the esteemed Gino Polidori Award for

Community Service and the Meritorious Service Award.
As EMS Coordinator

for the department, Mr. Owens has also obtained numerous certifications

in various life support and rescue techniques.
Please join me in recognizing EMS Coordinator Glenn Owens for his

twenty-five years of outstanding service to the people of Dearborn in

Michigan's 12th District Strong as we wish him well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HUME G. MERRITT

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. Tlaib.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize long-time resident

and veteran Hume G. Merritt, as he is joined by his family and well-

wishers as he celebrates his eightieth birthday.
A resident of Michigan since 1967 and Southfield resident since 1986,

Mr. Merritt has been an active and engaged community member.
He is

proud of his military service.
Mr. Merritt served as a drill sergeant

in the United States Army in Fort Lewis in Washington and Fort Campbell

in Kentucky.
Mr. Merritt enjoyed a long career in finance, working for

both General Motors and Bank of the Commonwealth before he retired.
Mr. Merritt remains an active member of his church, True Love

Missionary Baptist Church, he also serves as treasurer of the Ravines

Subdivision Homeowners Association in Southfield, and volunteers his

time with the Urban Bankers of Detroit.