She was also a member of The Charmettes, Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority,

and the Red Hat Society.
As a supportive wife, Carolyn stood by her husband Albert as he

served on both the Dania Beach and Broward County Commissions.
Truly an inspiration, Carolyn is remembered for her kind and generous

spirit and legacy of service to family, church, and community.
My heart

is with her family in mourning the loss of this kind, generous, and

compassionate soul.
We were forever privileged to have shared this time

with her.
May her memory be for a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GARY PETERSEN

HON.
DAN NEWHOUSE

Mr. NEWHOUSE.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Gary Petersen, a

dedicated leader hailing from the Tri-Cities, who tragically lost his

fight to cancer this past month.
It saddens me that rather than

announcing his next great achievement, I am instead here to mourn his

passing.
Gary was known throughout both Central Washington, the U.S. Capitol,

and the Department of Energy as a fierce advocate for the interests of

the Tri-Cities.
His leadership in our communities proved fruitful for

decades, sparking both economic development and innovation for the

citizens of Central Washington.
His advocacy for the Hanford cleanup mission has been the cornerstone

of the success of our region, and I am in awe of the impact he has made

over the years.
His immense knowledge, wisdom, and understanding of our

community's priorities was matched by so few, and I have no doubt his

name will go down in history with the likes of Sam Volpentest and Bob

Ferguson.
Gary's legacy includes leading advocacy for the Pacific Northwest

National Laboratory's campus, supporting the advancement of the Hanford

cleanup mission, and advocating for growing the local economy at

TRIDEC; he will also be known as a loving husband, father, grandfather,

and personal friend of mine.
While he will be missed, his legacy will continue to live on in every

corner of the Tri-Cities and Central Washington.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF WILLIAM ``BILL'' GOODMAN

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, Today I want to recognize my friend, William

``Bill'' Goodman.
Bill was an iconic member of our Detroit legal

community who never wavered in fighting for the working class, the most

vulnerable among us.
I met Bill over fifteen years ago when he was

President of the Maurice and Jane Sugar Law Center for Economic and

Social Justice.
He was a mentor to many of us young attorneys and a

hero to many who were seeking justice.
Born in 1940, Bill grew up in northwest Detroit, where he witnessed

the injustices of racism and segregation.
This, combined with the

values instilled in him by his parents, informed the path Bill would

take with his career and life's work.
He earned his juris doctorate

from the University of Chicago in 1964, returned to Detroit during the

height of the civil rights movement, and went to work in partnership

with his father, Ernie Goodman.
Over the course of his career, Bill

took on numerous high-profile cases.
He worked as legal director for

the Center for Constitutional Rights, where he represented Guantanamo

Bay detainees, Vietnamese survivors of Agent Orange, and the wrongfully

detained.
He sought to focus his work on the protection of civil

liberties.
Bill eventually returned to Detroit as partner at the law

firm Goodman Hurwitz, where he continued to represent families and

individuals who were victims of police and government misconduct.
Bill worked with a number of legal advocacy organizations, including

the National Lawyers Guild, ACLU, and Sugar Law Center, where I got to

know him when we both served as board members.
I knew Bill to be a

fierce advocate, a brilliant legal mind, and a tenacious but kind

warrior for justice.