Mr. Merritt served as a drill sergeant

in the United States Army in Fort Lewis in Washington and Fort Campbell

in Kentucky.
Mr. Merritt enjoyed a long career in finance, working for

both General Motors and Bank of the Commonwealth before he retired.
Mr. Merritt remains an active member of his church, True Love

Missionary Baptist Church, he also serves as treasurer of the Ravines

Subdivision Homeowners Association in Southfield, and volunteers his

time with the Urban Bankers of Detroit.
He also enjoys spending time

with his wife of fifty-seven years, Helen, and his two grown children

Necole Merritt and Hume Merritt, Ill.

Please join me in recognizing and wishing Hume Merritt, a happy

eightieth birthday and his contributions to our communities in

Michigan's 12th District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KENNETH MURRAY

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Battalion Chief

Kenneth Murray for his twenty-six years of service with the Dearborn

Fire Department in Michigan's 12th District Strong.
Battalion Chief Murray started with Dearborn Fire Department in 1997

as a firefighter.
He steadily rose through the ranks, serving as

engineer, lieutenant, and captain before he was promoted to battalion

chief in 2020.
Over the course of his career, Battalion Chief Murray

has garnered numerous awards and accolades for his meritorious service,

including Lifesaving, Unit Award, Perfect Attendance, and Safe Driving.
He was also recognized as the Dearborn Exchange Club's Fire Officer of

the Year in 2016.
On top of his numerous duties with the Fire

Department, Battalion Chief Murray has prioritized his education and

pursued specialized training in collapse, rope, and trench rescue.
In short, Battalion Chief Murray has been an outstanding public

servant to the communities served by the Dearborn Fire Department.
Please join me in recognizing his twenty-six years of commitment to

protecting our families' safety across Michigan's 12th District Strong

as we wish him well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RAY MUSCAT

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ray Muscat for his

public service and commitment to our Dearborn Heights community.
He is

a lifelong resident of Dearborn Heights and served on City Council for

years.
Since 1969, Councilman Muscat has been an active and engaged

resident.
He was drawn to public service after he retired from a 42-

year career with Ford Motor Company.
As a public servant, Mr. Muscat

served as Council Chairman Pro Tem.
He was a fixture at city council

meetings for many years prior to taking office.
He is appreciated for

his passionate commitment to improving the quality of life for the

people of Dearborn Heights and making it a more beautiful place to

live.
As a council member, he was appreciated for his no-nonsense

approach and for never shying away from asking difficult questions.
During his tenure, he made himself approachable and available to

community members.
No concern has ever been too small for him to

address.
Please join me in showing appreciation for Ray Muscat for his service

to the people of Dearborn Heights, as we wish him well in all of his

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ST.
MARY GRADE SCHOOL WINS FOURTH BLUE RIBBON AWARD

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate St. Mary Grade

School's fourth Blue Ribbon Award.
Located in Southwest Ohio and

serving students across the region, St. Mary Grade School was founded

by the Sisters of Charity.
Opening its doors in 1908 with 100 students,

the school has expanded and now has well over 400 students enrolled

annually.