Title: CELEBRATING DR.
DIETER MARTIN GRUEN'S 101ST BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
192

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DR.
DIETER MARTIN GRUEN'S 101ST BIRTHDAY

HON.
SEAN CASTEN

Mr. CASTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 101st birthday

of Dr. Dieter Martin Gruen for his dedication to science, significant

contributions to new energy technologies, and devotion to fighting

climate change.
For over eight decades, Dr. Gruen has worked to enhance

American technology development as a former Manhattan Project Scientist

and as an Argonne National Laboratory Distinguished Fellow.
Dr. Gruen's story signifies the American dream.
Born in Waldorf,

Germany in 1922 to a Jewish family, Dr. Gruen would eventually leave

his home only fourteen years later when the Nazi party solidified its

power.
He was sent to Little Rock, Arkansas to live with relatives to

finish up his high school education while his parents were sent to

concentration camps.
Luckily, his mother and father escaped and Dr.

Gruen was reunited with them in Chicago a few years later.
The shock of nearly losing his family did not dissuade Dr. Gruen from

dedicating himself to his studies and empirical inquiry.
Five years

after reuniting with his family, Dr. Gruen received his bachelor's

degree in chemistry from Northwestern University in 1944, his master's

degree, and eventually a PhD in chemical physics from the University of

Chicago.
He studied at night and worked at a machine shop during the

day.
Shortly after graduating from Northwestern University, Dr. Gruen

was recruited to work on the Manhattan Project, the U.S. government's

top-secret effort to develop the atomic bomb.
He worked on the large-

scale electromagnetic separation of uranium-235, and the nuclear

material he helped to produce would later be fashioned into the bomb

that fell on Hiroshima in 1945.
After the war, Dr. Gruen helped found the Oak Ridge Scientists and

Engineers, a group dedicated to ensuring nuclear weapons were never

used again in war.
After returning home to Chicago, he began working at

Argonne National Laboratory, one year after the establishment of the

U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories and during a time when

Argonne was a national center for the development of nuclear reactors.
Dr. Gruens work at Argonne focused on nuclear power and led to him

serving as a delegate to the Second United Nations Conference on

Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy in 1958.
Throughout his career, Dr. Gruen has made significant contributions

to new energy technologies, specifically to nuclear fission and fusion,

solar energy, energy storage, and conservation.
Dr. Gruen has been

recognized by the international scientific community and has made key

advancements such as the nuclear submarine reactor cooling design and

purification of uranium used to end World War II in the Pacific

theater.
For these accomplishments and his lifelong commitment to science, I

had the great honor of supporting Dr. Gruen's nomination for the

Presidential Medal of Freedom alongside my colleagues, Representatives

Bill Foster, French Hill, Jerry McNerney, and Cheri Bustos.
Dr. Gruen's

tireless and selfless efforts to solve future clean energy challenges

presented by climate change is seldom exhibited by an individual.
Humble and unpretentious, Dr. Gruen is the embodiment of a dedicated

American and pure scientist.
I have had the great pleasure of learning from Dr. Gruen from his

life stories and scientific endeavors in innovation and inquiry.
Today,

I wish Dr. Gruen a very happy 101st birthday and thank him for his

decades of public service and remarkable advancements in and commitment

to scientific research and discovery.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SENATOR NAN RICH

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that

I recognize my longtime friend, sister, and someone with whom we've

served interchangeably as mentors to one another, Senator Nan Rich, as

she assumes the office of Mayor of Broward County, Florida.