Title: COMMEMORATING THE 2023 RANGERS WORLD SERIES; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
184

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 2023 RANGERS WORLD SERIES

HON.
COLIN Z. ALLRED

Mr. ALLRED.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commemorate a historic

achievement by the Texas Rangers.
The Texas Rangers won the World Series for the first time in

franchise history despite many setbacks and injuries along the way.
On Friday, November 3, 2023, Arlington, TX hosted a well-deserved

Championship Parade.
As a Congressman for North Texas and a lifelong Rangers fan, I am

excited to celebrate this hard-fought victory with the Rangers and my

fellow fans.
Achievements such as this don't happen overnight, and they take the

support of families, friends, coaches, fans, staff and crew.
It really

does take a community.
And the Metroplex should be proud.
As a former professional athlete myself, I know the hard work it

takes, day in and day out, to practice and work to win as a team.
All

while forging ahead in the face of adversity.
They have shown that North Texans are champions, and we couldn't be

prouder of what they all have accomplished together.
Go Rangers.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GRAND OPENING OF EMERGENCE HEALTH NETWORK VETERANS ONE STOP CENTER IN

EAST EL PASO

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Emergence Health

Network Veterans One Stop Center for their continuous innovation to

expand mental and behavioral health services to El Paso veterans and

active-duty military and their families.
Emergence Health Network (EHN), the local mental health authority in

El Paso, has a dedicated facility focusing on behavioral needs and

services.
The Veterans One Stop Center (VOSC) in Northeast El Paso

provides behavioral health services and additional support to veterans,

active-duty military, and their families.
Recovery-oriented care is

offered to meet the needs of veterans, thus promoting hope and

encouragement.
EHN's partnership with Fort Bliss has proved to be a tremendous

benefit as an additional resource and support system for these

individuals to solve the wait and intervention times for care.
EHN's

Veteran's One Stop Center has the capability and resources to expedite

these services to a much-needed population and can provide care to

service members anywhere from two to five days of initial contact.
Today, it is my privilege to honor Emergence Health Network's

Veterans One Stop Center for the grand opening of their new facility in

East El Paso and thank them for their ongoing efforts to help our

veterans, active-duty military, and their families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF WJHL-TV

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and

acknowledge a cornerstone of our community and a leading source of news

and information in Northeast Tennessee and surrounding regions, WJHL-

TV.
This year marks the 70th anniversary of WJHL's dedication to

broadcasting excellence.
On October 26, 1953.
WJHL made its debut, serving as the first voice

in our great state.
It was the vision and determination of founders

Hanes Lancaster, Jr., Hanes Lancaster, Sr.,
and Jay Birdwell that

brought this dream to fruition.
Nestled in the heart of downtown

Johnson City, WJHL has since been a familiar presence, illuminating our

homes with news, information, and entertainment each day.
Over the decades, WJHL has been dedicated to informing, educating,

and entertaining over 300,000 households, spanning not just our

Tennessee counties of Washington, Sullivan, Carter, Greene, Unicoi,

Johnson, and Hawkins, but also extending its reach to into Virginia and

Kentucky.
The expansive reach of WJHL's signal is a testament to its

leadership and trust within the region.
Under the leadership of General Manager Paula Jackson, the station

has maintained its commitment to broadcasting excellence.