Over the decades, WJHL has been dedicated to informing, educating,

and entertaining over 300,000 households, spanning not just our

Tennessee counties of Washington, Sullivan, Carter, Greene, Unicoi,

Johnson, and Hawkins, but also extending its reach to into Virginia and

Kentucky.
The expansive reach of WJHL's signal is a testament to its

leadership and trust within the region.
Under the leadership of General Manager Paula Jackson, the station

has maintained its commitment to broadcasting excellence.
Paula and her

team of over 80 employees--writers, producers, reporters, technicians,

and staff members--all play a crucial role in ensuring that our region

stays connected and informed.
Their commitment to integrity, fairness,

and community service is more than admirable.
For seven decades, the

dedicated staff of WJHL has been firm in their mission to report

accurate local news that is vital to our region.
Their creed is simple:

news that matters to you and your family.
Throughout its history, WJHL has seen numerous milestones.
For many

decades, they have proudly operated as a CBS affiliate.
And in February

2016, they expanded their broadcasting network, adding ABC to their

second channel, further adding to the content available to their

viewers.
However, it wasn't just in content where WJHL sought change.
In the Fall of 2019, the station embarked on a new chapter, unveiling a

state-of-the-art studio, certainly fitting for a station of its legacy.
As part of the Nexstar Media Group, WJHL, which encompasses News

Channel 11 and ABC Tri-Cities, is poised for continued growth and

success.
As they celebrate their 70th anniversary this year, I ask my

colleagues to join me in congratulating Paula and the entire WJHL team

on 70 years of broadcast excellence.
May they continue to shine

brightly, informing and uniting our communities for many more years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF KELLIE RUETSCH

HON.
MIKE CAREY

Mr. CAREY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Kellie

Ruetsch, a constituent from Plain City, Ohio.
Kellie is a regional operations manager for Superior Air-Ground

Ambulance Service of Ohio Inc. She was recently recognized as one of

Superior Ambulance's ``Stars of Life.''
Every year, Superior Ambulance

recognizes a handful of its EMTs for their exceptional leadership

skills.
An EMT since 1997, Kellie has devoted her life to helping

others.
Apart from being an EMT, Kellie is also a paramedic and a

firefighter.
Despite volunteering countless hours to her community and

raising two children, Kellie has also found time to advance her skills

and professional growth.
In 2016, Kellie was offered a leadership position in which she

immediately excelled.
In 2017, Kellie obtained her EMS instructor

license and completed Ambulance Service Manager training in 2022.
Kellie's colleagues and superiors say, that she's someone who leads by

example, never seeing a task as below her station.
Plain City and central Ohio are better places to live because of

people like Kellie Ruetsch.
I salute her service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
VERN BUCHANAN

Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No.
570 and No.
571, I

inadvertently voted Aye.
I oppose the Perry Amendments, and both votes

should be recorded as Nay.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FRANK ROMANO

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an individual

whose unwavering dedication to providing exceptional care to the most

vulnerable in our society, Frank Romano.
For over four decades, Frank Romano has been creating and nurturing

several successful enterprises that provide essential services to

elderly and disabled individuals.
His notable portfolio includes

skilled nursing, assisted living residencies, adult day health

programs, as well as home care services and senior transportation.