A few weeks ago I met Travis Frain, a founder member of Survivors Against Terror, who explained how his life had been changed forever by the Westminster bridge terrorist attack and how he did not get the support he needed in the aftermath.
This week, a survey of 130 survivors of 11 major terrorist incidents found that more than two thirds felt that the compensation scheme overseen by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority was unfair and unreasonable.
The Home Secretary talked about a review.
It is unacceptable that these people are in that position at the moment.
When will the review actually be published?
As I mentioned, there are no words and there is no amount of money that can adequately reflect the pain and suffering experienced by victims of terrorism.
That is why it is absolutely right that we provide victims of terrorism with full compensation and the fullest support possible and available to enable them to move forward from these tragic events.
As I said, we know that more must be done.
That is why we are reviewing the support available.
We need to better address victims’ needs through the current schemes and ensure that they are properly meeting the needs of victims.
There are people in Ukraine who found their territory illegally occupied and annexed by Russia, their children disappeared into Russian custody and their land settled by ethnic Russians.
Under international law, we recognise the right of victims of the criminal actions of the Russian state to resist.
How can we ensure that we do not end up characterising the legal actions by the victims in that conflict, and in other analogous conflicts around the world, as terrorism?
I am very proud of the UK’s track record of supporting Ukraine and the Ukrainians both in Ukraine and abroad through the devastating illegal conflict that Russia and Putin have waged upon them.
It is right that we provide military support, it is right that we rolled out an extensive set of sanctions against Russia, and it is right that we continue our international and diplomatic support for Ukrainians.
I add my comments to those of the Home Secretary on our security services and thank them for the work that they do.
The Intelligence and Security Committee report last year on right-wing terrorism found that 30% of disrupted plots were from right-wing terrorism, and that they mainly involved young people who aimed to join either the armed forces or the police.
We made recommendations on tightening up the vetting of police officers and proscribing membership of right-wing organisations for members of the armed forces.
Will the Home Secretary update the House on what progress has been made on those two issues?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to refer to the emerging threat posed by extreme right-wing terrorism.
The director general of MI5, in his annual update, referred to the ideologies that are emerging and increasing in activity, and the independent review of Prevent focused on work that can be better done.
It is absolutely right that we take robust action.
That is why I am acting on the recommendations set out by Sir William Shawcross on upgrading and updating Prevent, so that it better responds to the risk of extreme right-wing terrorism, as well as to the risk posed by Islamist terrorism.
In updating the UK’s counter-terror strategy, what work are the security services doing with UK Border Force to identify those entering the United Kingdom, particularly by irregular means?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Terrorists and those who have malign intent for our nation will exploit all sorts of vulnerabilities, including at the border—that is obvious.
That is why the Contest upgrade deals specifically with this issue.
We need to further strengthen the UK border as a critical line of defence against terrorism, taking advantage of new immigration tools—detection, targeting and biometric capabilities—to identify and block threats from entering the UK illegally in the first place.
This is a policy area that throws up some of the most difficult cases ever to be found, so I welcome the Home Secretary’s determination to build political consensus and ensure that we work with our strategic allies.
Some of the most difficult cases around counter-terrorism involve UK citizens, especially children who were trafficked by ISIS and are currently in north-east Syria.
That is an area where we risk becoming an outlier, because all our allies have repatriated their citizens.
It risks causing friction between ourselves and our allies.
Indeed, we have our own responsibility, given the fact that these are UK citizens who were trafficked.
Is there anything in the strategy that will help to tackle those very difficult cases?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to refer to this very regrettable feature of modern day counter-terrorism.
Paragraph 26 of the Contest strategy states: “In recent years there has been a small increase in the number of minors investigated and arrested by Counter Terrorism Police.
Most adverse activity conducted by minors has occurred online; over half of under-18s convicted of terrorism offences over the past five years were charged with non-violent offences (the collection or dissemination of terrorist publications).”
It is vital that we are cognisant of this emerging threat, and that we have the right resources, services and professionalism in place to mitigate and intercept the threat at source as soon as possible, but it is clear that wherever criminality has occurred there will be a robust response from the appropriate agencies.
Technology brings huge benefits, but it is also exploited by terrorists.
Is my right hon.
and learned Friend confident that the updated strategy will ensure that technology companies do far more to prevent their services being used by those who wish us harm and to co-operate with our security and law enforcement services, particularly given the approach that some have taken on encryption and child abuse imagery?
My hon.
Friend has spoken about an issue that is close to my heart: tackling online child sexual exploitation, which is rising at an exponential and horrifying pace.
About 32 million instances of  online child sexual abuse were recorded by the global recording centre last year alone.
In this country, we arrest 800 individuals a month involved in this heinous crime, and we safeguard about 1,200 children a month.
It is horrifying, and that is why we are taking steps to work constructively with the tech companies.
In terms of Contest, I refer him to the extensive sections on page 21 onwards and in other parts of the strategy that talk about the technological aspects, how it is emerging and our actions and response.
Notably, our world-leading counter-terrorism operations centre, newly established, will bring together the right data, technology and expertise to investigate and disrupt these types of threats.