The Secretary of State said that my colleagues had made thoughtful points about human rights concerns, control of personal data and public trust, but we need actual action and commitment from the Government.
In contrast, the EU is moving to become the first regulator in the world to legislate for a specific AI Act, to ensure that AI works for people as well as business and Government.
Will she finally commit to the UK following suit and legislating for AI, to ensure that the UK does not become a haven for the worst possible applications of what should be beneficial technology?
The hon.
Gentleman is telling the wrong story.
The UK Government are acting comprehensively.
The framework we set out in our White Paper applies across the UK.
The work we are setting out with our global summit leads the way internationally.
That approach is proportionate and flexible, and has been welcomed by business across the UK.
In addition, the principles I have already named and the work of my colleagues across Government on human rights and other aspects ensure that our citizens can enjoy the safe and responsible use of this technology.
I look forward to working with anyone in this House who has a thoughtful approach to take to that.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of UK Research and Innovation funding for decarbon-isation technologies.
We can all be proud that this country is leading the global charge on net zero.
As part of our historic uplift in R&D expenditure to £20 billion a year—£52 billion over the consolidated spending review period—UK Research and Innovation is investing in £800 million annually on research and innovation in net zero, and £210 million through the industrial decarbon-isation fund.
I am delighted that Scotland is in the vanguard, with more than 1,400 projects funded, in receipt of £1.3 billion.
The Faraday battery challenge investment of £540 million appears to be working, with the good news today of Tata’s multibillion investment in a £4 billion gigafactory.
I am delighted to hear the Minister acknowledge that Scotland is in the vanguard of research in this area.
The Industrial Decarbonisation Research and Innovation Centre at Heriot-Watt University in my constituency has become a focal point of collaboration and innovation for UK industrial clusters, but the excellent progress that it is making is at risk owing to a funding gap.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the vital work being done at Heriot-Watt University, and how the Government can support it better in its efforts to help them to reach their industrial decarbonisation targets?
Brevity, Mr Speaker: yes, with pleasure.
If she will take steps to improve rural connectivity in (a) Delyn constituency, (b) north Wales and (c) Wales.
Under Project Gigabit, we are launching procurements across Wales and the rest of the UK to deliver gigabit-capable broadband to rural and remote premises not included in suppliers’ commercial plans.
We are planning to launch a regional procurement for north Wales by the end of the year, which will include premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The towns of Flint and Holywell in my constituency have 90% and 83% full-fibre connectivity respectively, but the exchange in Mold has only 10%, and Northop only 2.6%.
The Mold exchange in particular serves many of the smaller villages and also the farming community, which is vital to my constituency.
What more can the Minister do to improve connectivity in these rural areas so that the vital farming sector does not grind to a halt in places such as Delyn?
My hon.
Friend is right to stress the importance of digital connectivity to rural communities and businesses.
We are pressing ahead apace with Project gigabit, and have appointed our hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Simon Fell)  as rural connectivity champion.
At present, more than 98% of premises in Delyn have access to superfast broadband, while 62% have a gigabit-capable network, and our Project Gigabit procurements are intended to ensure that communities such as Northop and Mold do not miss out on gigabit-capable connection.
What recent progress she has made on securing the UK’s association with Horizon Europe.
What recent progress she has made on securing the UK’s association with Horizon Europe.
What her planned timescale is for negotiating the UK’s association to Horizon Europe.
We are moving forward with discussions on the UK’s involvement in Horizon Europe, and we hope they will be successful.
Association is our preference.
The talks are continuing constructively, but we have not yet agreed a deal.
We want to reach a resolution as quickly as possible to give the industry certainty.
We have also set out our bold alternative, Pioneer, which we are ready to implement if necessary.
Owing to the Government’s delay in associating with Horizon Europe, the UK has lost out on “hosting” nearly 400 high-end European Research Council grants.
Furthermore, nearly 50 grant winners have left the country altogether.
Scientists including Brian Cox and Sir Paul Nurse are warning that the Government’s failure to act is damaging Britain’s science base.
Is the Secretary of State concerned about these failings?
Unfortunately it is the European Union that has delayed for more than two years, and that has caused serious and lasting damage to the UK’s participation.
What we need to do is ensure that we can get the right deal for UK researchers, UK businesses and UK taxpayers.
That that is what we are working to do, and we are confident that the talks are proceeding constructively.
It is much more important to get the right deal than to get a fast deal.
The Government made a manifesto promise to associate with Horizon Europe, but it is now 132 weeks since they took our country out of the world’s biggest science fund.
It is shocking but not surprising that they have broken yet another promise.
Government inaction has seriously damaged our international science pedigree.
How much longer will our world-leading scientists, researchers and universities—who have suffered so much already—be forced to wait because this Government cannot keep their promises?
We have continued to support the sector with more than £1.5 billion of the Horizon guarantee.
We have done that to ensure that there is no loss of funding for the UK science sector.
I think it far more important to speak directly to researchers, businesses and taxpayers about our commitment to getting the right deal than to engage in party politics here.
We in Bath have two fantastic universities, the University of Bath and Bath Spa University.
Their leaders continue to worry about losing talent from Europe, and the Government have worsened the position by proposing a 66% increase in visa fees.
Will the Secretary of State explain what that increase will mean for UK science, and how it accords with the Government’s stated ambition to bring the best and brightest to this country?
We continue to run a range of successful talent programmes that bring the best and the brightest to universities and indeed to those in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
I welcome her representing them here today.
The point is that we have to get the right deal on Horizon, as I have laid out, and we also have to strike a balance with the needs of policy across Government.
That is what she has heard from me and other Ministers at this Dispatch Box, and that is how we will ensure that we get the right deal for Britain, both in terms of talent and of science programmes.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is very much in Europe’s interests for us to be part of the Horizon programme, because we have some of the strongest academic institutions in Europe, and in a way it undermines the science base of Europe if we are not in there?
Does she also recognise that, although there was great enthusiasm at the recent meeting of the UK-EU Parliamentary Partnership Assembly for us to join again, there was also a feeling that it could surely be done a little more quickly?