Does the Prime Minister remember seven years ago, when he was a passionate supporter of leaving the European Union, along with his then best friend, Boris Johnson?
Is he aware that Sir John Major now says, in every speech he makes, that that decision was catastrophic for the people of this country and living standards, as well as deeply damaging to our role, status and influence in the world?
I would say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that he made the central point at the beginning of his question: it was seven years ago, and we need to move forward.
He talked about what has happened since then.
Since we left the single market, this economy has grown faster than Germany, France and Italy.
He also talked about our standing on the world stage.
He obviously was not here for the statement on the NATO summit last week, but nobody can be in any doubt that the United Kingdom is highly respected on the world stage.
Just last week the Leader of the Opposition announced his new flagship policy—the two-child benefit cap.
It is very popular on this side of the House, but it is not so popular on the other side.
Can the Prime Minister tell the House when the Leader of the Opposition will jump off the bandwagon, be honest with the British public and tell them what he stands for?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I welcome the Leader of the Opposition now supporting the Government’s policy, but I do not think anyone actually believes that he believes in what he says.
That is the— Order.
The Prime Minister need not worry, because he has no responsibility for the Opposition.
Every single Member of the House is required by law to confirm the true source of a donation before it is accepted or declared.
Can the Prime Minister tell us  whether he followed all the rules all the time before he took £38,500 of free air travel on 28 April?
If so, why does his story keep changing about who paid?
All donations are declared in the normal way.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, if there are administrative changes to that they are quickly corrected.
To bring the Prime Minister back to the question asked, rightly, by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) , the opposition politician referred to is Nigel Farage, whose bank account was closed not because he was a PEP—a politically exposed person—or for commercial reasons, but because his views did not align with the values of Coutts bank: thinly veiled political discrimination and a vindictive, irresponsible and undemocratic action.
In addition, Nat West also disclosed confidential details about Farage’s account to the BBC and lied about the commercial viability of his account, actions that should jeopardise its banking licence and should certainly worry Nat West’s 19 million other customers.
The Prime Minister has told us what he will do in the future, but there are many other people in this circumstance.
Will he require every bank with a British banking licence to inform the Treasury of all the accounts that they have shut down for non-commercial reasons in the last decade?
I know that my right hon.
Friend has spoken to the Chancellor about this issue, and that he will continue to have those conversations.
In the short term, having consulted on the payment service  regulations, we intend to crack down on that practice by toughening the rules around account closures.
In the meantime, the Financial Ombudsman Service is available for people to make complaints to, but I look forward to continuing the dialogue with my right hon.
Friend, as does the Chancellor.
As a father, the Prime Minister will know how precious children are.
Adam Watson, aged nine, and Poppy Ogle, aged 10, from my constituency sadly lost their battle with childhood cancer just last year.
Their homes are forever broken.
Both families want to see a change in financial support for the 1,600 children diagnosed with cancer across the UK each year.
Will the Prime Minister commit to meeting these families to listen to their stories, and to reviewing child disability living allowance payments so that they commence immediately on diagnosis of childhood cancer, whether or not the diagnosis is terminal?
The three-month wait for support is just too long.
Surely this Government can see fit to wrap their arms around these children and their families in their hour of need.