For hundreds of years, joining the British armed forces has been a career choice full of opportunity, adventure and self-improvement; one of the most fulfilling and stimulating occupations a young person can choose.
But it is also one of self-sacrifice and bravery.
This morning, we published the independent review into the service and experience of LGBT veterans who served prior to 2000.
It makes for miserable and distressing reading.
It is only right that the House takes the time to acknowledge and reflect on those veterans who have shared their experiences with the review.
I, along with a number of colleagues in the House, served in our armed forces when the ban was in place.
I cannot imagine what it must have been like for someone to join the armed forces, buoyed up by that great spirit of service, only to discover, to their horror, that many believed they did not fit.
I cannot imagine what it must have felt like to be hounded out of a job they loved simply on account of their sexuality.
Nor can I imagine what it must have been like to lose their livelihood, their family and their home simply because of the person they chose to love, yet that was the experience of many sailors, soldiers and aviators over decades, and it happened here—in this country—little over 20 years ago.
The report published today brings the experience to life for us and spotlights the hurt felt by those affected.
For that, I am truly grateful.
The ban was introduced in 1967—unbelievably, after the Sexual Offences Act 1967 decriminalised same-sex sexual acts in private between consenting adults.
To add to the injustice, when the ban ended at the beginning of the millennium, the stories of those who suffered were forgotten and their records were buried.
Additionally, in 2010 and 2011, in line with Government policy agreed by the Association of Chief Police Officers, the Ministry of Defence enacted a policy to destroy legacy police investigation records concerning decriminalised sexual offences, so that historical decriminalised convictions could not show up on criminal record checks of service personnel.
I assure veterans that this was not a cover-up and does not mean that their wider service records have been destroyed.
I want to place on the record my thanks and gratitude to Lord Etherton and his team for compiling this comprehensive report.
It was commissioned in January 2022 and, since, 1,128 people have responded with their experiences, many in substantial detail.
I pay particular tribute to all those who came forward.
They have shown tremendous courage in chronicling traumatic experiences, which for many had been causing grief and groundless shame for decades.
I also place on record my admiration and thanks to Fighting With Pride, and especially Craig and Caroline, who have held the baton for so long.
The testimonies make truly harrowing reading.
They paint a shocking and shameful picture of a Defence that is hard to comprehend.
The enforcement of the ban became something of a witch hunt.
The testimonies detail investigations, invasive searches and examinations, degrading tests, brutal bullying and, in some cases, sexual abuse.
One doctor who joined in 1984 describes how he had to perform a test for which there was no medical or clinical basis.
Some who thought they could confide in their chaplains were stunned to find their details were passed to their superiors.
For those affected, the hardships impacted every aspect of their lives.
Reputations were demeaned and defamed.
Commissions were surrendered and officers demoted by multiple ranks.
Veterans who served with distinction, awarded medals in famous campaigns from the Falklands to the Gulf, were stripped of their medals.
We cannot turn back the clock, but we can make amends and take action.
This report makes 49 recommendations.
My Department, alongside the Office for Veterans’ Affairs, the Department for Health and Social Care and others across Government, in partnership with the devolved Administrations and the charity sector, all have a role in delivering the report’s recommendations.
Many in the LGBT veteran community have been eagerly awaiting the publication of this report, and rightly so—they have been waiting for decades to be heard.
I am pleased to say that, since we received this report at the end of May, multiple Government Departments have been busy working through the recommendations to ensure that we come to the House today accepting, in principle, the vast majority of the report’s recommendations.
While we agree with the intent behind them, we may deliver a number in different ways from that described in the report.
We will set out those differences when we publish the Government’s full response to the review after the summer recess, but I assure the House: that will be the time when we can not only deliver restitution and redress to the LGBT veteran community, but make sure that the House properly debates the report and the Government’s response to it and its recommendations.
This of course is a statement today.
While I welcome all colleagues’ challenges and requests on it, I have decided specifically that a debate in the House should take place to give a chance to debate the Government’s recommendations.
That is the right thing to do.
Although that may take the summer, it is important that both Opposition and our colleagues can hold me or my successor to account.
In fact, we have already delivered six of the recommendations today; the Prime Minister delivered the first this morning at the Dispatch Box.
Importantly, we have set up a digital front door, which went live today at midday, to offer information on veterans’ services, support and restorative measures to those affected by the ban.
I encourage LGBT veterans to visit it to see what support is available to them now, and to stay informed as our delivery of the recommendations is rolled out.
I am happy to be drawn on further details on the recommendations during today’s questions but, as I said, the House should have proper time to debate and scrutinise them.
I am glad that today’s MOD is a very different place today from the Defence of the late ’60s to ’90s.
Our LGBT colleagues are an integral and undifferentiated   part of the Defence family, making a fantastic difference all over the world.
At the start of this month, the Minister for Defence People, Veterans and Service Families, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Wiltshire (Dr Murrison) , met LGBT members of our armed forces and veterans before they marched at London Pride.
The occasion has become a celebrated part of our military calendar.
Today’s MOD policies are geared towards LGBT issues.
There is training for LGBT allies and thriving LGBT staff networks.
There is no place for prejudice in the modern armed forces.
However, things are by no means perfect, which is why we continue to improve on our zero-tolerance policy towards discrimination.
We should not forget that we could not have reached this point were it not for some incredibly brave people.
I pay tribute to those who have campaigned for justice over the decades, including Fighting With Pride, Rank Outsiders and the Armed Forces Legal Action Group.
Cultural change takes time, particularly in such large organisations as our armed forces.
But it can only really begin when individuals are prepared to stand up and be counted.
This Government have shown they care about righting historic wrongs.
That is why we brought forward this review.
Once we have taken the time needed to fully work out how to deliver recompense for this community, we look forward to being back at the Dispatch Box to outline those details.
In his preface to the report, Lord Etherton notes: “The survivors have waited for at least 23 years for acknowledgment of what they have suffered, and for justice and restitution.”
Today is about that acknowledgment.
It is about recognising the saddening personal accounts and the deep traumatic hurt that the historic ban has caused.
It is about acknowledging the adversity they overcame.
It is about celebrating the spirit of service they displayed.
And it is about taking the time to acknowledge their importance within our Defence family, serving or veteran.
I was struck by one particular quote in the report from a veteran: “I don’t feel I am a veteran.
I have never asked for help.
I don’t feel like my service was recognised.”