I cannot get into details that relate to operational independence and decisions made by the agencies in live investigations, but what I would say is that I expect all agencies and law enforcement organisations to use the full breadth of powers that we have afforded them.
The current situation, whereby tens of thousands of young men are arriving in small boats on our shores—primarily young men from unstable parts of the world—is frankly an accident waiting to happen.
Does the Home Secretary agree that the British people expect our borders to be robustly enforced, and that is just as important when it comes to defending our nation from terrorism as it is for anything else?
A strong border is critical to counter-terrorism.
The Contest 2023 strategy clearly sets that out.
In the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, the Government revised schedule 7 to the Terrorism Act 2000, expanding powers to prevent illegal entry, including via small boats.
Our migration and border system provides a critical opportunity to identify and manage individuals and goods that pose a terrorist concern.
That is why rigour and robustness in our borders is essential for national security.
In the Government’s response to the Intelligence and Security Committee’s “Extreme Right-Wing Terrorism” report—I thank the Home Secretary for referring to the scale of that threat earlier in her remarks—they said that “our counter-terrorism strategy, CONTEST, remains threat agnostic so that rather than targeting specific ideologies, our tools, powers and overall CT approach can adapt to changing threats while also ensuring our approach is still able to identify and assess what are inherently ideological threats.”
Can I simply ask her to confirm that nothing she has said today and nothing that has been published changes the underlying philosophical basis of how the Contest strategy operates?
As the Contest strategy refresh makes clear, a broad range of ideologies and narratives draw people into supporting terrorism.
That includes, as I have said, Islamist terrorism, which is by far the largest proportion of MI5’s case load, but there is also an increasing threat from extreme right-wing terrorism that we must confront, eliminate and do everything in our power to stop.
Wherever it comes from, and however people are radicalised into extremist and violent behaviour, it is unacceptable, and we take a robust approach, ultimately, to keeping the British people safe.
In June this year, the borders inspectorate said that not every arrival into the UK at Manston was having security checks done as part of their interview or having their property checked.
Can the Home Secretary guarantee now that every arrival is being fully checked, and if not, why not?
Having visited the reception centres at Western Jet Foil and Manston, and having been working closely on ensuring that the right facilities, resources and mechanisms are in place to ensure that those who arrive illegally are appropriately accommodated, I can say that we ensure that those who arrive are checked.
They go through biometric checks and any other appropriate checks, and then they are put through our processing centres, generally at Manston.
They are then put on a track, effectively, to other onward accommodation if they have an asylum claim.
That is the general scheme that we have been carrying out for some time.
The UK police and security services used to conduct more than 600 million real-time security checks on a shared EU platform before we lost access after Brexit.
At the time, the Government informed us that we would have access to a shared platform within two or three years.
Now, the permanent secretary has advised that we will not have access to a shared dataset until 2027 or 2028.
Can the Home Secretary confirm just how much of a damaging effect the loss of this vital intelligence and security mechanism is having on our ability to tackle terrorism and cross-border crime?
I know the hon.
Gentleman is on his Brexit bandwagon, or whatever it is, but the reality is that from a security point of view, we have never had stronger collaboration with international partners than today.
We have continued to develop our global reach and insight through sustained working with allies.
That is particularly with the Five Eyes, where we share an enormous amount of common approach and strategic development, but also with European partners.
I have met many of my European counterparts, and we share the common goal of national security.
In many instances, the UK is seen among European allies as a leader and a nation valued for its contribution to pan-European national security.
As the shadow Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halifax (Holly Lynch) , rightly stated, the Government’s update acknowledges that when it comes to AI, “terrorists are likely to exploit the technology to create and amplify radicalising content, propaganda and instructional materials, and to plan and commit attacks.”
However, there are no concrete plans in the update to address those growing risks.
Beyond pointing to the Government’s own Online Safety Bill, which has been delayed yet again and watered down, and other than the rhetoric we have heard today from the Secretary of State, what are the Government actually doing?
What concrete plans are in place to tackle this growing problem, because we have seen little to no action thus far?
The hon.
Lady obviously has not read the document.
If she had, she would see our actions, our achievements and what our plans are.
First—I will save her the trouble of reading the document—we are realising the full potential of our newly established, world-leading counter-terrorism operations centre.
I do not think she has visited, but I recommend she tries to, because it is an incredibly impressive, world-leading operational centre established recently that brings together the right teams, data and technology to more effectively identify, interrupt and disrupt terrorists.
We are also ensuring a broader range of expertise from non-law enforcement interventions to mitigate the evolving terrorist threat.
We are maintaining our investment in the critical threat assessment capabilities through the world-class joint terrorism analysis centre.
I could go on, but in the interests of time, she would probably do better to read the document first.
The new Contest counter-terrorism strategy mentions that incel threats “could meet the threshold of terrorist intent or action”.
The person behind the shooting in Plymouth in 2021, where we lost five people, could have had their actions informed by incel culture and violent misogyny.
Incel violence currently largely falls out of the scope of all the Prevent strategy tactics.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is now time to develop a cross-Government incel strategy, so that we can not only prevent people from going down that path towards violent misogyny, but help rescue those who are doing so?
That would provide a greater level of community safety for women and our entire community, and we would never again see the violence we saw in Plymouth repeated on our streets.
The hon.
Gentleman is an incredibly powerful advocate for his constituents.
Let me put on record my thoughts and prayers for the loved ones of all of those who were tragically lost or affected.
Incel culture is not strictly within the Contest apparatus, but it does need work.
I readily accept that it is a violent trend and a radicalising influence that is promoting a culture that is totally at odds with the free, safe and democratic society that we all love and want to cherish.
I am happy to speak to him about what further steps we can take as a Government.
In March, the security threat level in Northern Ireland was increased from substantial to severe in the aftermath of the attempted  murder of DCI John Caldwell.
Since 2016, the additional security funding that the Government provide to the Police Service of Northern Ireland has been flatlining in cash terms at £32 million a year.
Will the Home Secretary undertake to review that level of funding to ensure that the PSNI and the Security Service have the tools to continue their good work in combating both dissident republican and loyalist terrorism?
Northern Ireland-related terrorism remains a serious threat, particularly in Northern Ireland.
The Contest strategy does not address the threat from Northern Ireland in Northern Ireland; that is managed by a separate strategic approach led by the Northern Ireland Office.
At the Home Office, our Contest approach covers the threat from Northern Ireland-related terrorism in mainland Great Britain.
It is important that we do not decouple those two threats, which are very interlinked.
We know that some dissident republican groups continue to carry out terrorist attacks, as the hon.
Member referred to, so we need to ensure that all the resources are available, and we want to ensure that we support partners in Northern Ireland so they are readily equipped to mitigate and respond to the threat.
In June, the national security adviser to the Canadian Government—a key Five Eyes member—listed Russia, China and Iran as key state actors that pose a threat to Canadian life.
They then added India to that list due to the rise of Hindu nationalist activity specifically targeting Canadian Sikhs.
Is that anywhere in the Home Secretary’s thinking on extremism?
If not, why not?
As I said, general ideologies are set out in our Prevent approach and our Contest approach.
We are actor-agnostic, but we note where these threats are emerging based on a casework analysis, as confirmed by MI5 and other agencies.
The predominant threats relate to Islamist terrorism, but of course it is right that there are robust law-enforcement responses for any kind of violence or extremism that meets the criminal threshold.