Labour in government was proud to repeal the ban on LGBT+ people serving in our armed forces, and today we strongly welcome this apology from the Prime Minister as a recognition of their historic mistreatment.
My constituent Ken Wright was a proud RAF serviceman who was forced to leave the job he loved simply because he was gay.
I am delighted that he is here today to witness this apology.
Although we cannot right the wrongs of the past, the Government should now act on the recommendations of the Etherton review to fix the lives broken by the ban—it is what LGBT+ veterans deserve.
I also know that the whole House will want to send our very best wishes to the Lionesses as they start their World cup campaign this Saturday.
Let us hope they continue the brilliant success they had in the Euros.
When the Prime Minister took office nine months ago, the NHS waiting list had 7.2 million people on it.
What is the number today?
The reason that NHS waiting lists are higher today than they were then, after actually being stable for the first few months as we put in place new initiatives, is very simple: because the NHS has been disrupted by industrial action.
We have put very clear plans in place to bring down waiting lists in urgent  and emergency care, primary care, ambulances, out-patient and elective.
Those plans were working and will continue to work, but we do need to end the industrial action.
So I would ask the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, if he does care about bringing the waiting lists down, does he agree with me that consultants and junior doctors should accept the pay deal that the Government offered?
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
The Prime Minister likes to get away early, but the longer Members stop me getting on with the questions, the longer I am going to keep him here, so it is up to them.
I am sure the whole House is pleased that the Prime Minister has graced us with his presence today, but we do not get any more answers when he is here than when he is not.
He knows the answer: 7-point million people are currently on the waiting lists.
That is the highest it has ever been.
It means that since he set foot into Downing Street, 260,000 people have been waiting in daily agony for things like hip and knee replacements, while he boasts.
Has he figured out why, after nine months, dozens of gimmicks and umpteen broken promises, his Government are failing more patients than ever before?
Mr Speaker, again, I do not think we heard an answer to the question, so— [Interruption.]
Order.
I also do not want Opposition Members holding up proceedings.
It is very simple.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman actually looked at what was happening, he would see that earlier this year our plans were beginning to work: ambulance waiting times down, from an hour and a half over Christmas to around half an hour; virtually eliminating the number of people waiting one and half years for treatment; making huge progress on GP access.
All those things—all those plans we put in place, all the funding, all the extra ambulances, the extra discharges—are starting to make a difference, but all are held up by one very simple fact: industrial action in the NHS.
Again, I will give him a second chance: if he really wants to get people the healthcare they want, will he agree with me that those doctors should accept the recommendations of the independent pay review body?
[Interruption.]
Order.
This would be a bad time to get thrown out—it is six weeks, so think long and hard.
I just say to the Prime Minister: this is Prime Minister’s questions, not Opposition questions.
Mr Speaker, I think that, given his time away, the Prime Minister has slightly forgotten how this works.
He talks about his NHS staffing plan, but he doesn’t need to lecture me—[Interruption.]
Order.
This might be the last Prime Minister’s questions before recess, but let me just say to somebody that if they really want to go early, it will be very tempting to ensure that happens, so they should think long and hard beforehand.