The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 19 July.
The ban on LGBT people serving in our military until the year 2000 was an appalling failure of the British state—it was decades   behind the law of this land.
As today’s report makes clear, in that period many endured the most horrific sexual abuse and violence, homophobic bullying and harassment, all while bravely serving this country.
Today, on behalf of the British state, I apologise, and I hope that all those affected will be able to feel proud parts of the veteran community, which has done so much to keep our country safe.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the remarks the Prime Minister just made?
In the UK, sadly, every 90 minutes someone takes their own life.
Indeed, for men under the age of 50 and for women under the age of 35, this is now the biggest killer.
When I was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, I met many brave families and campaigners, and I committed to them that the Government would publish a comprehensive, cross-departmental suicide prevention strategy.
That was more than a year ago and still there is no strategy.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister cares as deeply about this issue as I do; we have discussed it many times.
Will he please commit his Government to publishing the strategy within days of Parliament’s return from the summer recess?
When someone takes their own life, the effect on their family and friends is devastating.
I know that the loss of my right hon.
Friend’s own brother was an enormous source of pain for him.
I want to reassure him that we are actively addressing suicide rates, through our national suicide prevention strategy, backed by funding, and, in particular, by rolling out 100 suicide prevention voluntary community and social enterprises.
I can tell him that we will publish the new updated national suicide prevention strategy later this year.