The Secretary of State was asked— Whether she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of artificial intelligence.
Whether she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of artificial intelligence.
Whether she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of artificial intelligence.
Our White Paper set out how we will regulate AI through a flexible framework underpinned by five principles.
This proportionate and adaptable approach has been welcomed by British business.
It includes new monitoring functions allowing us to update our approach in response to a rapidly evolving technology.
The Government will come back with proposals in the autumn following the White Paper consultation.
AI has been used by public authorities in a wide range of contexts that affect individual rights, from facial recognition technology used by police to the system used by the Department for Work and Pensions to investigate benefits claimants.
Does the Secretary of State agree that public trust in the state of AI is essential and that any changes to the law will require public support and, therefore, greater consultation to ensure that that trust is not undermined?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a thoughtful point.
He is right that we need a comprehensive public debate on many of these points.
He named some risks that concern him.
I would marry those with consideration about opportunities.
For example, my colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions are also looking at how the technology can help with job matching and ensuring that people have information about the job market.
I look forward to further conversations, as he said, as we go forward with this critical technology.
Following calls from the SNP, the Minister for the Indo-Pacific,  the right hon.
Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed (Anne-Marie Trevelyan) , agreed that human rights must be at the forefront of AI diplomacy.
Will the new UK laws on AI protect people by outlawing any collaboration or research with nations that seek to abuse human rights through, for example, facial recognition or social credit systems?
The hon.
Gentleman also makes a thoughtful point, which is an important consideration in all our diplomacy and the work that my colleagues in the Foreign Office take forward.
Specifically on AI technology, domestically we have set out our proposals in our White Paper, which as we have said will evolve over time, and internationally we are clear that we see a leadership opportunity for the United Kingdom, because we are already a global leader in this technology and care passionately about ensuring its safe and responsible deployment.
Researchers at Robust Intelligence recently discovered that AI could be trained to bypass its in-built restrictions and privacy protections within hours of use.
Despite growing concerns about the impact of AI, the Government are expanding the scope of automated decision making as part of their Data Protection and Digital Information (No. 2) Bill.
Can the public have confidence that sensitive personal data will be protected as the Government’s use of AI grows?
The short answer is yes.
That is because, first, the legislation that the hon.
Lady mentioned focuses on doing that.
In addition, in our White Paper we set out the principles on which we intend to take advantage of AI, which ensure that we have safety, transparency, explainability, fairness, accountability and governance, and contestability and redress.
Those are all vital, as I know she will agree, and there is much work ahead  of us.