Voters in Scotland are used to child poverty under the Tories—they almost expect it—but they do not expect child poverty support from the Labour party.
If we look very closely right now, there is a shiver running along the Labour Front Bench looking for a spine.
[Interruption.]
Does this not tell us something much bigger: that for children living in poverty in Scotland, Westminster offers them no real change and no real hope?
The best route out of poverty is through work, and the best way to ensure that children do not grow up in poverty is to ensure that they do not grow up in a workless household.
That is why we are focused on creating more jobs, with 200,000 more in Scotland since 2010 and hundreds of thousands fewer children across the United Kingdom growing up in a workless household.
We will always continue to reduce child poverty.
I do not want to see a single child grow up in poverty, and we will deliver that in every part of the UK, including in Scotland.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that if Opposition Members are in favour of illegal economic migration, they should have the courage to say so, rather than claiming that young men in their 20s and 30s, arriving here from safe countries, are actually asylum seekers?
My right hon.
Friend is right that the Opposition do not have a plan to tackle illegal migration.
We saw that just this last week, when I think they voted over 70 different times against our stop the boats Bill.
That Bill will make it crystal clear that if you come here illegally, you will be detained and swiftly removed to a safe third country.
That is the fair, compassionate and right way to deal with this problem, and that is what we believe in.
It is exactly a year to the day since UK temperatures hit a deadly 40°C for the first time, with 3,000 excess deaths last summer.
Yet businesses and the Prime Minister’s own climate advisers have said that his climate progress is worryingly slow.
He likes to claim that the UK is decarbonising more quickly than the rest of the G7, but since the Paris agreement that is simply not true.
He also likes to claim that it is not a top concern for the public, while recent polling shows that that is not true either.
Experts, businesses and the public all want bolder climate action, but it is not even one of his top five priorities.
Can he tell us why not?
The hon.
Lady just makes a completely bizarre point.
Because we moved quicker and faster than everyone else, she thinks that somehow that is something we should now not be proud of.
It is right that other countries are catching up; it is inevitable that they will have to decarbonise faster now to make up for the fact that over the past two decades they have not followed our example.
I am not going to take any lectures from her on this topic, because our track record is a good one.
We have decarbonised faster than everyone else and right now we are making the right long-term decisions to make sure that we not only transition to net zero, but do so in a way that brings people along with us and creates jobs in the process.
Bedfordshire businesses now have apprentices on the factory floor, earning £48,000 a year on qualification, easily beating cost of living pressures.
What more can we do to get schools to promote apprenticeships to pupils and parents, as our colleges and institutes of technology are great poverty-busting institutions?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
One of the practical steps we are taking is to put all apprenticeships on to the UCAS system this autumn, which will make sure that they have parity of esteem in the classroom and increased information for parents and teachers.
At the same time, as I announced earlier this week, we are clamping down on university courses that fail to deliver good outcomes.
What we should be doing is providing young people with the best opportunities for them to get on in life, and he is absolutely right that that should include apprenticeships.
Why does the Prime Minister think that Sir Brian Langstaff, who chairs the public inquiry into infected blood, has reopened the hearings and summoned before him the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Leader of the House and the Paymaster General to answer questions next week?
My thoughts remain with all those affected by this appalling tragedy.
The infected blood scandal should never have happened, and that is why the public inquiry was set up by one of my predecessors.
I have submitted written evidence to the inquiry and am due to give oral evidence shortly, so it would be inappropriate for me to comment further at this time.
Some 800,000 people work indirectly or directly in our car industry, which accounts for 10% of our country’s  exports.
I strongly welcome the £4 billion investment by Tata Motors in a battery factory, and the jobs associated with it.
Will my right hon.
Friend build on that success and pursue a clear plan to get more gigafactories, including in the west midlands, so that we can capitalise on our lead in battery innovation and technology?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of today’s announcement.
It is one of the largest-ever investments in the UK auto industry in this country’s history, with billions of pounds and thousands of jobs, and it is a massive vote of confidence in the UK economy.
The NHS in England has just had its longest-ever junior doctors’ strike and consultants go on strike tomorrow for the first time in 50 years, yet so far Scotland has had no NHS strikes.
That is not by chance; it is because our Health Secretary and First Minister have kept working with the British Medical Association to try to address the pay erosion faced by doctors since 2008.
Workforce shortages are the biggest challenge facing healthcare, and the Prime Minister just mentioned the importance of staff retention.
Does he really think that refusing even to talk to health unions will stop doctors leaving the NHS?
We did talk to health unions, but we also respected the independent pay review body process, which is the right way to resolve these issues and means that a typical junior doctor will see a 9% pay rise as a result of this deal.
Since the hon.
Lady mentioned retention, earlier this year the Government delivered the BMA’s No. 1 ask, which was to remove the cap on pensions tax.
That was specifically designed to retain senior doctors in the NHS.
The Government have now done our bit, and I urge the unions, “Please get back to the hospitals and treat your patients.”
Does my right hon.
Friend share my unease that a bank that has the Government as its largest shareholder should close the account of a senior opposition politician?
Will he use the Government’s shareholding to ensure that there is an inquiry into those circumstances, because the subject data access request makes it clear, or certainly indicates, that it is the political views of the person concerned that led to his cancellation?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, however much we may find them tiresome, members of the opposition deserve bank accounts?
It would not be right if financial services were being denied to anyone exercising their right to lawful free speech.
Our new Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 puts in place new measures to ensure that politically exposed persons are being treated in an appropriate and proportionate manner, and having consulted on the payments services regulations, we are in the process of cracking down on that practice by tightening the rules around account closures.
But in the meantime, any individual can complain to the Financial Ombudsman Service, which has the power to direct a bank to reopen their account.
I know how it feels to be homeless, squatting from one place to another with your entire belongings in one single black bin liner.
Hard-working families, including in Bradford West, are at risk of homelessness because of the Tory mortgage bombshell and the failure to legislate to protect renters.
Apart from totally losing grip of the whole situation, what is the Prime Minister doing to stop half a million people becoming homeless?
Actually, rough sleeping levels were about a third lower in 2022 compared with the peak in 2017.
Since our landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017 came into force, more than 600,00 households have successfully had their homelessness prevented or relieved, and we are investing £2 billion over the next three years to continue to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.