The Prime Minister talks about his plans, but he does not need to lecture me on that.
On the NHS staffing plan, he nicked it from Labour.
It is the same old story: they mess up the NHS and look to Labour to fix it.
Come the election, the country will be doing the same.
The difference is that, unlike us, he has not said how he would pay for his workforce plan.
Now is his chance.
Where is the money coming from?
Not only is the NHS long-term workforce plan fully funded, but it was welcomed by not one, not two, but 43 different NHS stakeholders.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about our plans and whether they are making a difference, so let us just look at urgent and emergency care.
Our plans mean that we will put 800 more ambulances on the road, and there will be 5,000 more beds, faster discharges and more community care.
That is why the Royal College of Emergency Medicine described it as “significant” and said that it “would undoubtedly improve conditions”.
That is why we have seen A&E waiting times in England the best in two years, while—the Opposition will not like this—the NHS has the worst waiting times in the country in Wales.
When the Prime Minister said that the workforce plan was fully costed, I have never seen the Chancellor look more bewildered.
It is less than a year since his party crashed the economy with its unfunded spending commitments, and he has not learned a thing.
Let me ask this another way: is his uncosted spending coming from more tax rises, more cuts, or is it just the latest promise to fall from the Tories’ magic money tree?
As I and the Chancellor set out, the plan is fully funded—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman will see that at the autumn statement.
I am pleased that he is now interested in fiscal responsibility, because that is very welcome.
There is an opportunity for us to make sure that this is true conviction.
We have just had, in the past week, the recommendations of independent pay review bodies, including for the NHS.
I believed that the right thing to do was to accept those independent recommendations, but that involves taking difficult and responsible decisions to deliver those pay rises without fuelling borrowing, inflation, taxes and debt.
But, yet again, on this crucial issue, while his MPs are back on the picket lines, he simply refuses to take a position.
It is the same old story.
He should stop taking inspiration from his friends outside and unglue himself from the fence.
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] You want some more?
Who wants to lead the exit?
In that burst of nonsense, what we did not hear was a single word about how the Prime Minister will pay for it.
Labour’s NHS workforce plan is fully funded by scrapping the non-dom status that he so adores.
You know the one, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think that one or two of you have asked to catch my eye.
You are not going about it in the right way.
Labour’s workforce plan is fully funded by scrapping the non-dom status that the Prime Minister so adores.
You know the one, Mr Speaker: the “non-dom tax thing”, as he calls it, that allows some of the  wealthiest people in the country to avoid paying tax here.
Is that loophole so important to him that he would rather have billions in unfunded promises than simply make billionaires pay what they owe?
That is the same policy that has paid, I think, for five different things at this point.
Everybody knows that I am a fan of doing maths to 18, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman makes a very strong case for doing maths all the way to 61.
When it comes to the substance of the plan, it is important that we address this.
I am aware—I will say this—that he did set out some proposals to train more staff.
The problem is that that is all he did.
Our plan is much more comprehensive and much more impactful.
Not only will we train more staff—[Interruption.]
This is important substance.
I acknowledge that the Labour party did set out some plans to train more, but that is not enough.
You also have to set out plans to retain more NHS staff, as we did, and, crucially, you also have to set out plans for how you reform the NHS, so that you can have a more productive NHS.
That is the difference between us: he is only ever focused on the superficial headline, while we are getting on with the actual reform.
If the Prime Minister is so good at maths, he will know that I am 60, not 61.
I do not know whether he has found time during the recent by-elections to visit Hillingdon Hospital, where the wards have had to close, staff are working in appalling conditions and patient safety is at risk, and that is simply a snapshot of the wider problem.
This week, the National Audit Office set out in detail what everyone already knows: the Government’s hospital programme has, shall we say, some gaps in it.
So can the Prime Minister confirm that, apart from the fact that there are not 40 of them, that most of them are not new, and that many of them are not even hospitals, everything is going fine with the 40 new hospitals?
Not only are we going to deliver on our manifesto commitment to build 40 new hospitals across the country by 2030, we are not stopping there; we are also delivering 100 hospital upgrades across the country, and crucially more than 100 new community diagnostic centres to speed up treatment for people, including in the constituency of the deputy Leader of the Opposition, and the constituencies of the shadow Work and Pensions Secretary, the shadow Energy Secretary, the shadow Justice Secretary and the shadow Attorney General.
That is how committed we are.
Let me end on this.
The Leader of the Opposition mentioned Hillingdon Hospital in Uxbridge.
I want to help the people of this country.
I want to make sure that not only can they get to work
but they get the care that they need.
Why on earth does he want to charge them £12.50 every time they visit their GP and hospital?
There was welcome news this morning of inflation falling by more than expected.
Businesses in my constituency are trying to plan their pricing for next January and are struggling because of the proposals to introduce the extended producer responsibility.
They do not yet have the information on how much it will cost or how it will work.
Will the Prime Minister look at pausing and resetting that programme, so that in January we do not  see price rises in our supermarkets without the consequent reduction in packaging and increase in recycling that we all want to see?
This is something that has been raised with me by those in the industry.
We are committed to protecting the environment and delivering on our net zero targets, but the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is continuing to engage closely with manufacturers, retailers and packaging companies on the precise design of the scheme.
I know that Ministers will continue to keep this House and my hon.
Friend updated.