I would like to take this opportunity to welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) , to his post as Pensions Minister, and to place on record my personal thanks to his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) , for all her hard work.
Our new Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill will update the Department’s powers to tackle fraud for the first time in more than years, including enabling our serious and organised crime investigators to apply for a warrant; enter and search premises for evidence; seize items such as computers and phones; and bring criminal gangs to justice.
This Government have run the biggest ever take-up campaign on pension credit, which is worth around £400 on average to those eligible.
It also opens the door to extra support and means that 1.5 million pensioners will continue to receive the winter  fuel payment.
The modelled impact of the decision to target the winter fuel payment at those who need it most does not account for the measures that this Government are taking to raise pension credit take-up.
Following the end of headline judgments in September, Ofsted undertook the big listen, and listened very carefully to feedback on the way it conducts inspections while also reviewing the format for reporting on those inspections.
I note the hon.
Lady’s comments in that regard.
In the new system that has been designed, that work has paved the way for the roll-out of school report cards.
Subject to consultations—both the Government and Ofsted are very open to the views of the profession—they will be rolled out in September.
Alongside a reformed Ofsted, we are creating the RISE teams, comprised of leaders with a proven track record of improving school standards.
Those teams will draw on bespoke improvement plans for stuck schools, with significant investment.
The previous Government made £6,000 available for stuck schools; under this Government, it will be more like £100,000 per school to drive that improvement.
The hon.
Lady’s comments in relation to SEND are well made.
As I said to the Chair of the Select Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes) , that is something that Ofsted will be judging, looking specifically at inclusion as well as—not instead of—high and rising attainment standards in schools.
The reformed accountability and improvement systems very much build on the work of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which will: require teachers to have, or work towards, qualified teacher status; ensure that all schools teach a cutting-edge national curriculum, following the curriculum and assessment review; and restore teaching as an attractive profession through a floor, but no ceiling, for pay and conditions.
All those reforms combined will drive high and rising standards and break down the barriers to opportunity for every child.
It is not entirely dependent on our AstraZeneca programme, and indeed, as I have already pointed out, the piece of work in which it was intending to invest—I hope I will get the science right—was changing the way in which it would create the nasal flu vaccine for children from an egg-based to a cell-based system.
It has now decided not to do that, but to stick to the egg-based system.
I think that if the chief scientific adviser or the chief medical officer has anything on which to update the House, he and/or she will do so.