The UK Government are committed to growing the economy through increased R&D and advanced manufacturing.
AstraZeneca tell us that it is committed to investing in the UK, which is where it is headquartered and where one of its largest customers—the NHS—is based.
It is like hearing that two people are madly in love with each other, yet the wedding is off.
I look forward to the Minister of State for Science explaining the background to this to the Select Committee when he appears before us next week.
In the meantime, will the Minister confirm that the UK is committed to incentivising R&D investment?
Will he set out the mix of R&D and manufacturing investment agreed to by AstraZeneca under the last Government, and to which it was committed when it dropped the deal?
Finally, the deal, as well as growing the economy, would have made our pandemic supply chain more resilient by reducing our dependence on mRNA vaccines.
Will he set out how he intends to address that?
It is good to hear from the Chair of the Select Committee.
I want to make it absolutely clear that AstraZeneca is not leaving—people are not losing their jobs because of this decision.
There are still 10,000 people employed by AstraZeneca in the UK and, for  that matter, it is proceeding with its nasal-based flu vaccine for children, just in a different way.
All of that is important.
My hon.
Friend asked about the precise details of the R&D mix that was part of the investment.
As I said, it was to have been £150 million of investment.
AstraZeneca decided to cut that to £90 million, which is why the contribution that the previous Chancellor had suggested of £90 million into that pot simply did not add up for the UK taxpayer, which is why we came to that set of decisions.
However, she is absolutely right that we are fundamentally committed to the life sciences sector for the saving of life, for making sure that we have an NHS that can really deliver for people, and because we want to have valuable jobs that we do better in this country than anywhere else in the world.