The largest campaign to drive up pension credit take-up is now under way, and it will continue in the years ahead.
What we are seeing at present is that anyone who made their claim for pension credit before  21 December  will receive their winter fuel payment when that claim is processed.
So the answer is that the Minister does not know.
He does not know how many people are waiting for their winter fuel payment.
He does not know how many people are stuck in the pension credit backlog.
He does not know when they will hear about  their claims.
He does not know who has had help from their local council.
He does not know how many people who lost their winter fuel payment have ended up in hospital this winter.
He and his Department have dodged or refused to answer every single one of those questions in recent weeks.
Will he commit to a full review of the winter fuel payment cut so that we can get those answers?
I will commit to fighting every day to avoid a repeat of the exercise under the last Government whereby pensioner poverty rose by 300,000, having fallen by 1 million under the last Labour Government.
We will make sure that we publish details of the take-up of pension credit by the end of February.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
We will champion disabled people and those with long-term health conditions.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan will support many more who were failed by the last Government to enter and stay in work.
We will devolve power to local areas for a joined-up work, health and skills offer.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests; prior to my election, I represented disabled members on the national executive of Unison.
There are many barriers that prevent disabled people and those with long-term health conditions from not only entering but staying in the workplace, from a strict and punitive approach to attendance and sickness to a failure even to consider adaptations that make work possible.
It is clear that employers have to be supported to make high-quality work accessible to disabled people.
What work is my right hon.
Friend therefore doing to engage employers in making work a positive and constructive experience for disabled people?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her previous work.
She raises a very important point.
We have launched the “Keep Britain Working” review, which is being led by Sir Charlie Mayfield, the ex-chair of the John Lewis Partnership.
It will look at exactly the point that my hon.
Friend raises: how to make workplaces and the wider labour market more inclusive, because we know, and employers know, that that is good for businesses and good for disabled people.
As we all know, the last Government were far too quick to write off people who wanted to work but who had health conditions or were suffering with disabilities.
Many people in Halesowen tell me that they  want to work, and with the right help and support, they can.
This will also bring huge physical and mental health benefits.
How will the Government reset our relationship with people with disabilities, who for far too long have not been given the support that they need, but have instead been demonised by the Conservative party?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The manifesto on which he and I fought the election committed us to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of what we do.
In the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, we announced the establishment of a disability employment panel to enable us to work with disabled people, ensure that we provide the necessary support and give them the chances that my hon.
Friend rightly calls for.
In 2019, my close friend and constituent Jim was at his desk, working as a web developer, when out of the blue he felt a sudden pain.
Jim was having a spinal stroke.
He has never since been able to walk.
The pain medication that Jim must take to manage his condition limits his ability to work, but sometimes he has unpredictable bursts of productivity.
However, Jim’s benefit arrangements mean that the work that he could occasionally be able to do might result in sanctions to his benefits.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that Jim can get back into work?
My hon.
Friend’s important point, which to some extent has already been raised, shows how the health and disability benefits system needs to be reformed.
Disabled people should have the same right to work and the same opportunities and chances as everybody else.
Many disabled people like Jim want the chance to work, but they face barriers, including in the benefits system, that make it very difficult for them to do so.
We are determined to change the system to get over those barriers.
I am sure that the Minister appreciates the important role of learning disability nurses in maximising the potential of people with learning disabilities.
Will he therefore have a word with his Treasury colleagues about the differential effect of the rise in national insurance contributions?
Learning disability nurses who work directly for the NHS are exempt; those who work for agencies contracted by the NHS are not exempt.
That is an anomaly, and I would be grateful if the Minister considered talking to his colleagues about it.
I am sure that the right hon.
Member will raise that concern with the appropriate colleagues of mine.
He is absolutely right to draw attention to the value of the work of learning disability nurses, whoever their employer is.
We are determined that they should have better support to enable people with learning disabilities who want to work to do so.
The experience of my constituent Julie from Heaviley highlights the unfairness of the employment and support allowance application process for those with progressive conditions such as multiple sclerosis.
She was assessed by a physiotherapist who lacked any expertise in neurological disorders; she thereby received inaccurate reports that denied her vital  financial support.
What steps are Ministers taking to ensure fair and timely support for those with progressive conditions that do not necessarily fit neatly into a box, as other disabilities or conditions may?
We want to improve the assessment process, and there will be proposals in the Green Paper on how to do that.
If the hon.
Lady would like to drop me a line about this particular case, I will be happy to have a look and comment further.
For 23 years, my constituent Timothy has attended Eastbourne’s Linden Court day centre for people with learning disabilities.
Timothy’s mum, who is his sole carer, has spoken about how damaging it would be if Conservative-run East Sussex county council decided later this month to close the centre.
Will the Minister join me in urging the county council to ditch this short-sighted cut, which would leave many Eastbournians and their families without the local provision they deserve?
I very much hope that people in Eastbourne will continue to get the support that, by the sound of it, has done a very good job for a very long time.
I obviously do not know the details of this case, but it is important that we not only maintain but improve support for disabled people.