Disabled people have a right to work like everyone else, and it is our job to see that right realised.
Doing so will benefit everyone, as we all win when people’s talents and potential are maximised.
It is good for business and strengthens our economy.
We are doing great things to bring forward our plan for a new jobs and careers service, which will put disabled people at its heart.
I recently visited two jobcentres in my area, Thorne and Scunthorpe, and saw the great work being done by the staff there.
Our jobcentres should be places where everyone can go for help to get them back into work.
However, many blind and visually impaired people need technology such as screen readers to use computers, while others might need specialist screen  magnification software.
Research by Sense has found that no jobcentres have this specialist assistive technology, meaning that some disabled jobseekers cannot use the computers on site to look for work.
How will the Government ensure that jobcentres are equipped with essential pieces of assistive technology in the future, enabling more disabled people to look for work?
I apologise to my hon.
Friend; I could not quite hear which jobcentres he has visited.
However, I thank him for doing so and for connecting with DWP colleagues in that way; it is really valuable.
I ask him to take all our thanks back to them.
As part of the new jobs and careers service, we will radically enhance our use of technology so that people can access support through the channels that best meet their needs.
Assistive technology can aid the accessibility and inclusiveness of the new service that we are building, so we are listening to those who already use it.
On  22 January , the Minister for disabled people, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , and I met colleagues from across Parliament on the all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment, where we had a great opportunity to listen to experts in this field.
Does the Minister agree that whatever steps her Department is taking to get people into work are being immediately undermined by the anti-growth, anti-jobs and anti-business measures included in the Government’s Employment Rights Bill?
I do not.
Will the Minister join me in commending the dedication and hard work of our work coaches, who assist with job applications and interview preparations?
On that one, I certainly will agree.
Our work coaches are absolutely brilliant, and they are leading the way in changing jobcentres.
What steps she is taking to increase take-up of pension credit.
In recent months, the Department has run the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign, across TV, radio and online.
Some 150,000 pension credit claims were made in the 16 weeks following the winter fuel payment announcement, and the campaign continues.
This week, new work to invite all pensioners newly receiving housing benefit to claim pension credit will begin.