The media report that people in No. 10 are tearing their hair out in frustration at the DWP taking so long to come up with welfare reforms.
We have already been waiting seven months, and now we are told it will be March before there is a Green Paper, and presumably there will be no actual legislation until the end of the year at the earliest—they will be totally bald in No. 10 by then!
Given the constant rise in the welfare bill, what is the financial cost so far of Labour’s inactivity?
The inactivity bequeathed to us by the previous Government had a huge cost.
The shadow Minister may not have noticed that, the week before last, a judicial review was lost on the previous Government’s handling of the work capability assessment changes.
The judge found that the consultation was, frankly, dishonest—it did not tell people what the changes entailed—and was too rushed.
People did not have a chance to give their views.
We will do this exercise properly.
This spring, in the Green Paper, we will set out the full details of what we propose, and there will be a very full consultation so that everyone has a chance to have their say.
The answer to my question is £1.8 billion.
That is the cost of Labour’s economic inactivity and its failure to reform welfare since the election.
The sum is the same as the saving from cutting the winter fuel payment plus the income from taxing family farms.
In opposition, Labour opposed imposing conditions on people claiming incapacity benefits.
Does the Minister still rule that out, or will the Green Paper face reality and require people to take action, where they can, to address the health needs that mean they are signed off work?
The Green Paper will face reality square on.
It will set out a very full set of clear policies, it will be frank about what they entail and we will listen to people’s views in response.
The money that the hon.
Gentleman refers to as having been forgone, will probably have been forgone as a result of the judicial review the week before last, which was because of the previous Government’s failures in consultation.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of levels of maternity and paternity pay.
The Government keep the rates of benefits, state pensions and statutory pay under regular review.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced to Parliament on  30 October  that, subject to parliamentary approval, parental pay will increase in line with the consumer prices index at the rate of 1.7% from April 2025.
The Government’s upcoming review of parental leave entitlement is really important as the UK currently has among the worst paternity leave in Europe.
Recent research by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation highlighted not just the growth benefit of  greater paternity leave entitlements but the benefit to workforce involvement, so will the Minister meet me and campaigners from the Dad Shift to ensure we are making the most of the opportunity to get people back into work?
We value the vital role that fathers and partners play in caring for children and in supporting their partners.
We recognise that parental leave and pay entitlements, such as paid paternity leave, play a key role in their ability to do that.
My hon.
Friend is right to cite the planned parental leave review.
That is being led by colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade, and I will write to them on his behalf to suggest a meeting.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
To get Britain growing again, we have to get Britain working again, and supporting employers is critical to achieving that goal.
That is why last week I announced an overhaul of how the DWP helps businesses, including the introduction of a dedicated employers’ team in the DWP, ensuring that there are single account managers for businesses, so they do not have to have multiple conversations with different jobcentres, and the expansion of the number of training programmes tailored to employers’ individual needs.
We are working in partnership with businesses: that is how we all go for growth.
The last Labour Government reduced child poverty by nearly half, from 3 million to 1.6 million, and legislated to eradicate child poverty by 2020.
Instead, under the Conservatives, the number of children in relative poverty significantly increased between 2010 and 2023.
Does the Secretary of State agree that working with employers to help people, particularly parents, into decent, well-paid jobs, is essential not only to growing our economy, but to reducing poverty, including child poverty?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend that having more parents, including lone parents and second earners in couples, in better paid jobs is critical to tackling child poverty.
There has been a big shift in the nature of poverty since our success during the last Labour Government, when we lifted over 600,000 children out of poverty, as there are now more children growing up in poverty in a working household, so improving the parental employment rate is critical to driving down those numbers.
Tu Mundo, or Your World, is a growing independent business that recently opened its third coffee shop, in Rhyl.
Tu Mundo has a distinctive style, not just with the toucan motif that graces everything, including its teapots, but with its commitment to economic growth  in the local area.
In partnership with the local employability service, Working Denbighshire, Tu Mundo hosts work-start placements for those entering or re-entering the workplace, with several graduates going on to become permanent employees.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Tu Mundo and Working Denbighshire on that work?
Does she agree that that is exactly the sort of partnership work that will bring fair economic growth across the UK?
Yes.
I would like to say a massive thanks to Tu Mundo for all the work it is doing.
There is a lot of evidence that work placements or work experience are a really important way to encourage more people into work.
Last week, I visited B&M, the fastest growing retailer in the country, to look at what it is doing with short work experience placements, which are a form of “try before you buy” for the company and the employee.
The placements have a huge success rate and B&M now recruits 85% of its workers through the scheme.
We want to continue such success in the future.
Apprenticeships, training and reskilling in new energy technologies will be essential to deliver growth in the hard-working Humber region.
Can the Secretary of State tell us more about the training programmes that she mentioned, which will support businesses in expanding opportunities in Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I know that my hon.
Friend is passionate about helping more people into work.
Youth unemployment in her constituency is almost twice the national average, so it is essential for her constituents that we sort this out.
Alongside work experience, we want to expand the number of sector-based work programmes, which have tailored courses for employers.
We will also hold summits in three key growth areas—construction, health and social care, and clean energy—to bring employers together with local areas so that we can really go for growth.
The ambition of the Secretary of State for an 80% employment level is bound to be made more difficult by the findings in the impact assessment of the Employment Rights Bill, which foresees a £5.4 billion increase in costs and a 53% increase in strike action, is it not?
Government Members are ambitious for people right across the country.
We do not accept the situation that we inherited from the Conservative party, as the only country in the G7 whose employment rate had not gone back to pre-pandemic levels.
Creating more good jobs in every part of the country and narrowing the employment gap between different areas is tough, but we believe that it is achievable, and it is no less than the British people deserve.
On economic growth, what does the Secretary of State say to businesses in my constituency that fully support fair pay and national insurance contributions for employees, but whose ability to grow, create employment, and invest is being impacted by the cumulative effect of the changes?
I say that in order to put the public finances on a secure footing, we had to take difficult decisions.
I understand the pressures that businesses are  under, but they know that if we do not balance the books, we cannot grow in future.
We are taking action not just to put the public finances on a secure footing but to have a genuine programme to get Britain working again.
We do not accept the situation that we inherited from the Conservatives, in which so many people were locked out, denied the right to work, and denied a good, well-paid job in every part of the country.
What steps she is taking to increase efficiency in the Child Maintenance Service.
The CMS modernisation programme delivers increasingly effective and efficient services.
The programme has transformed customer interaction with the CMS, providing customers the choice to make contact digitally.
Those efficiencies make it easier for customers to report changes and non-payment, so CMS caseworkers can focus on the collection of unpaid child maintenance.
I have multiple casework examples from constituents in Huntingdon who have been impacted by CMS inefficiencies, including incorrectly calculated arrears with no explanation of how the sums have been calculated, and failure to verify the location of fathers who are not providing financial support, with the CMS claiming that addresses needed to be independently verified but not conducting that verification itself.
Such cases have resulted in consolatory payments from the CMS for maladministration and service delays.
In all instances, my constituents have been frustrated by their inability to contact the CMS over the phone.
In the quarter ending September 2024, 41% of calls to the Child Maintenance Service were not answered.
What are the Government doing to improve contact with the CMS by telephone?
I am very sorry to hear of those specific examples.
I will take away the point about telephone communication and come back to the hon.
Gentleman, but it may be worth our having a broader conversation about his concerns.
I will happily meet him to discuss any of the specifics of the cases he cited.
In response to a number inquiries that I have had from constituents over the last couple of months, will the Minister say whether reforms to the Child Maintenance Service will include consideration of the paying parent’s capital assets and voluntary pension payments when calculating the rate at which unpaid payments should be made?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
He will be aware of the recent consultation on the future administration and operation of the Child Maintenance Service.
I do not want to prejudge the decisions that will follow as a result of that consultation, but I can tell him that we are considering the next steps at present, and I will update him and the House in due course.
What progress her Department has made on developing a child poverty strategy.
It is a terrible consequence of 14 years of Conservative misrule that around 4.3 million of our children are growing up in poverty.
That is why the child poverty taskforce’s work to complete our strategy is urgent.
Taskforce Ministers have met six times and have had extensive engagement with people across the country, including external experts, local leaders and children and their families living in poverty.
According to the End Child Poverty coalition, in 2022-23 the child poverty rate after housing costs in my constituency of Eastleigh was 21%.
Analysis by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation projects that child poverty in England will rise to 31.5% by 2029.
Every day without action pushes more children into hardship, and they cannot wait for the Government’s strategy to be published.
What urgent measures will the Government take now to prevent more children from growing up in poverty?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: this issue is urgent.
That was why in the Budget the Chancellor announced the fair repayment rate, which stops families having to deal with so much debt through the universal credit system, saving families over £400 a year, but we know we have to go further.
That is why, as I mentioned, Ministers are working hard to bring forward our child poverty strategy.
I know the Government are working hard on developing their child poverty strategy, but what discussions is the Minister having with the Welsh Government to ensure that combined efforts deliver the best for our children, wherever they live?
I regularly meet representatives of the Welsh Government because while we strongly believe in devolution, we know that a partnership between Governments is the best way to protect our children from the terrible consequences of the poverty that the Conservatives left them in.
I am pleased that the Minister is updating us with progress.
Does she believe the poverty strategy will be announced quickly enough for there to be changes made in, for example, the spring or autumn statements, or are we looking into next year?
Please could she give an idea of the timeline?
I hope the hon.
Lady will understand from the tone of what I said that this matter is urgent and that we are working quickly and will bring forward proposals as soon as we can.
Alarmingly, there has been talk of ruthless cuts to welfare.
That would be utterly devastating as any cuts would push more families into poverty.
We will not see a reduction to child poverty by economic growth alone; it will require targeted policy action—something that the  Trussell Trust and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation agree with in their essentials guarantee.
Do Ministers have plans to change the basic rate of universal credit so that it reflects the cost of life’s essentials—food and household bills?
As I have said several times, we are working quickly to bring forward the detail of that plan.
In fact, only last week we had a parliamentary engagement session so that colleagues across the House could be brought up to speed on the detail of that work.
I sat on the Opposition Benches and watched for 14 years as the Conservatives put our children into poverty.
We will waste no time in dealing with this problem.