Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“We’re saving the government millions.”
Those are the words of Stephanie from Burgess Hill, a full-time carer for her 89-year-old mum.
With carer’s allowance not even covering Stephanie’s petrol costs, what assessment has been made of the adequacy of carer’s allowance in meeting the true costs of care?
The hon.
Member will know that we introduced the biggest ever increase in the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance for those who are able to combine some work with caring.
We are determined that carers should get the support they need—there is a premium in universal credit as well, for example—but of course, we will keep all these matters under review.
As we have heard today, the Government have recently launched their “Keep Britain Working” review.
Developments in treatment for incurable cancers such as the one I have  mean that many of us with incurable cancer might live, and live reasonably well, for many years.
How do the Government plan to engage with people with incurable cancers as part of that review, to ensure we are enabled to continue to thrive in our careers and our workplaces?
I commend the resilience of my hon.
Friend.
Before Christmas, I spoke at a report launch with the charity Working with Cancer, which focuses on exactly the issue she has raised.
She is right: employers have a key role in supporting people with cancer to continue to thrive in work, and the “Keep Britain Working” review will engage with people with lived experience as well as employers.
It is now nine years since the Scotland Act 2016 transferred a swathe of welfare powers to the Scottish Government.
Are Ministers in a position to give a finite date by which the Scottish Government will actually have taken on all those powers and responsibilities?
That is still not the case.
As the right hon.
Gentleman rightly says, a number of benefits are currently delivered under agency agreements.
It is very much for the Scottish Government to broker a conversation with us about either extending those agreements or bringing them to an early conclusion.
I am yet to have any such conversations, but should I have any, I will be very happy to let him know.
Many people with mental health conditions rely heavily on personal independence payments so that they can continue in work and remain active in their communities.
Can the Minister provide advice to the many constituents of mine who have contacted me terrified by the rumours that the Government are about to scrap this vital support for those who already have mental health issues?
My hon.
Friend is right that there has been a particularly big increase in mental health problems among young people.
Given what the last Government did, I can well understand people being worried.
We will continue to support people with mental health problems in the health and disability benefits system.
The proposals for reform we will bring forward in the spring will make sure the system is fit for purpose and fair to the taxpayer, and they will deliver the support in work that people such as my hon.
Friend’s constituents need.
The Child Poverty Action Group has reported that 4.3 million children in the UK are living in poverty.
In a classroom of 30, that is nine children living in poverty.
Given that the Government have ruled out scrapping the two-child benefit cap, will the Minister commit to publishing measurable targets for reducing child poverty during this Parliament?
As I have already mentioned in a number of responses, we understand the scale and seriousness of the problem the hon.
Member mentions.
We have already published the terms of reference for  the child poverty taskforce, and we will continue to keep the House updated as we move forward, given the seriousness of the issue.
On Friday last week, we held our first NEETs—those not in education, employment or training—and youth opportunities summit in Peterborough, bringing together Peterborough college, Anglia Ruskin University Peterborough and employers to see how we can tackle our youth unemployment problem.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working further with places such as Peterborough to ensure we can deliver decent apprenticeships and more opportunities for young people who need them?
Yes, I do commit to that, and I thank my hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning on the issue.
With almost 1,000 young people unemployed in his constituency, or almost one in 10, I know what an important issue it is.
His area is part of one of our youth guarantee trailblazers, meaning that every young person is earning or learning.
I commit that the whole Government will continue to work with him and partners in his constituency to make sure that no young person is left behind.
Jamie from my constituency is a full-time carer, but he is also in full-time education and is therefore not entitled to carer’s allowance.
Will the Government confirm that they will extend carer’s allowance to those in full-time education?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
I recently met a very impressive group of young people who have managed to navigate their way through education while also having very heavy caring responsibilities.
We are working closely with the Department for Education, the Department of Health and Social Care, the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute to make sure that we are providing the support young carers need.
My constituent Darren, an unpaid carer, was wrongly refused a refund for prescription charges when moving from income support to universal credit.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that there should be no gap in support in such circumstances?
Yes, I do agree with my hon.
Friend, and I am grateful to him for highlighting that case.
We have asked the Department for Health and Social Care to review its decision in that case—I hope with a positive outcome.