It is important that 1.5 million pensioners will receive the winter fuel payments this winter.
The statistics my hon.
Friend refers to relate to previous years, before the recent take-up campaign.
However, he is right to highlight that under the Conservative Government, three in 10 eligible pensioners were missing out.
In recent days and weeks, household bills across my constituency have gone up and up and up.
Many who miss out on pension credit because they are just above the cut-off will now be wondering where they will find that extra money.
Will the Government think again about the removal of the winter fuel payment and ensure that pension credit is rolled out on a taper?
It is important that we keep driving up the take-up of pension credit, but that is not the only support available to pensioners: everyone will see the state pension rise by over 4% this April; the household support fund is very important and will be extended for another year; and the warm home discount is available to the poorest pensioners.
Government figures show that an additional 42,500 households have claimed pension credit, yet that is only about 5% of all those eligible who were not claiming it.
As constituency MPs, we are having to support people who are really struggling with the cold and their financial balances.
Will the Minister think about setting up a pensioner poverty taskforce, so we can really get underneath the issues facing older people?
I am sure that all Members, on both sides of the House, are providing support to their constituents—pensioners, those of working age and children—to ensure they can cope following a difficult few years for everyone because of the cost of living crisis.
On pensioner poverty specifically, it is important that we update our understanding of how that has developed.
If we look at the record, we see that pensioner poverty halved under the previous Labour Government, but rose by 300,000 under the Tory Government over the past 14 years.
Those on the guaranteed element of pension credit receive the warm home discount, but many do not.
Following the changes made a couple of years ago, linking the warm home discount to the age and size of a property, have the Government made any assessment of how many people have been affected the double whammy of losing the warm home discount and the winter fuel payment?
I have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s comment and will raise it with the responsible Minister in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, but it is important that all pensioners who are entitled to support get it.
That is what the Government are focused on.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the unemployment rate.
Thanks to the dreadful inheritance left to us by the Tory Government, we need to raise productivity, reduce economic inactivity, increase employment rates and drive up economic growth.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan sets out how we will progress our ambition of an 80% employment rate, which would place the UK among the highest-performing countries in the world.
There was some lovely wording in that answer, but the Government appear to be doing absolutely the opposite.
Following the Budget, it appears that there is not a week that goes by without another employer announcing significant job cuts.
Reed recruitment has already announced that job postings are plummeting.
What will the Government do to support the Minister’s Department in the situation it will find itself in—a rapidly increasing number of people looking for jobs and a rapidly decreasing number of jobs being posted because of the Government’s policies?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman is bothered by the employment rate and I hope he is bothered by the record of his party, which saw employment fall off a cliff after the pandemic and never recover.
We were an outlier in that; it did not happen anywhere else in the world.
As it is, our jobcentres, which, as we have said, are full of brilliant staff, see just one in six employers ever consider using them to recruit.
We will change that.
We have a new strategy.
The Secretary of State recently announced our plan to ensure that the Department of Work and Pensions serves businesses and that we get the best jobs into jobcentres so that people can take them up, improve their lives and grow our economy.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle benefit fraud by criminal gangs.
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) , to his post as Pensions Minister, and to place on record my personal thanks to his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) , for all her hard work.
Our new Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill will update the Department’s powers to tackle fraud for the first time in more than 14 years, including enabling our serious and organised crime investigators to apply for a warrant; enter and search premises for evidence; seize items such as computers and phones; and bring criminal gangs to justice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that tackling fraud against the taxpayer is key to setting the country’s finances on a sustainable footing and allowing the investment in public services that my constituents are so desperate to see?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have a responsibility and a duty to use every possible measure to ensure that taxpayers’ money is wisely spent, on our schools, hospitals and police and on supporting  those who are in genuine need.
Our new Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, along with fraud measures in the Budget, will save £8.6 billion over the next five years.
That is the biggest fraud package ever.
We were elected on a mandate for change, and that is what this Government will deliver.
In the press today there is a reference to a criminal gang who defrauded the DWP by more than £1 million and were able to abscond to a certain eastern European country.
Without mentioning too many things that are happening, can the Secretary of State tell me whether there is a way, within the law of this land, of chasing those people up, getting them back here and finding out where all that misappropriated money has got to?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this despicable case.
The new powers in the Bill—the existing powers have not been updated for 14 years—will bring us into line with other public bodies and ensure that we can investigate this properly, secure the evidence and get our money back.
What steps she is taking to support vulnerable people into work.
We are fully committed to helping vulnerable people into work.
It is good for them, it provides firms with great workers, it reduces the benefits bill, and it boosts economic growth.
Connect to Work, which will be rolled out this year, will greatly improve support.
One of my constituents is a highly educated, high-earning civil servant who has serious care needs as a result of a bad accident about 30 years ago.
His needs have been assessed as health-related, which means that the NHS pays the £81,000 cost of his care.
If they were reassessed as social care needs, he would be forced to exhaust his savings.
Each year his disability is reassessed, and during that reassessment his ability to work is unfairly treated with suspicion.
The Government say that they want to help disabled people into work, which is a good thing.
My constituent is working already, but fears that a huge disincentive will appear on the horizon if his status changes.
Do Ministers understand his concerns?
Yes, I definitely do understand his concerns.
Our view is that disabled people should have the same chance to work—the same opportunities—that everyone else takes for granted, and we want to work with disabled people to reform the system to ensure that that is what they get.
In the spring, we will publish a Green Paper on reforms to the health conditions and disability benefits system.
My constituency faces high levels of economic vulnerability: 4.4% of my constituents are not in education, employment or training, and, worse, one in 10 are either NEET or  unaccounted for.
What action is the Minister taking to ensure that they are helped into both employment and skills development?
I think my hon.
Friend will greatly welcome the youth guarantee announced in the “Get Britain Working” White Paper.
We want to ensure that every single young person gets the same chance.
We have seen a dreadful increase in the number of NEET young people over the past few years, and we are getting to grips with that and tackling it.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the Pensions Regulator on economic growth.
The Government are looking across the piece at how the important work of our regulators supports economic growth, and the Pensions Regulator, which oversees the third largest pension system in the world, is no exception to that.
The then pensions Minister, Guy Opperman, said that green-lighting defined benefit pension superfunds was his greatest achievement of lockdown.
The unelected Governor of the Bank of England then unhelpfully intervened and said that superfunds would be a risk to financial stability, and as a result the Pensions Regulator has authorised only one pension superfund to come into existence.
Can the Minister be a little more specific and tell us what exactly he is going to get the Pensions Regulator to do differently in order to support the growth mission?
That is an important question.
The Pensions Regulator does recognise its important role in supporting growth; indeed, it has statutory duties not just to protect savers but to minimise the impact on the growth of employers.
Superfunds have an important role to play in ensuring that we have larger pension funds that are able to invest in a wider range of assets.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, on an interim basis the Pensions Regulator has authorised one such fund, but we will take measures in the pension schemes Bill to make further progress in this regard.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
This Government have run the biggest ever take-up campaign on pension credit, which is worth around £400 on average to those eligible.[Official Report,  10 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 1WC.]
(Correction)
It also opens the door to extra support and means that 1.5 million pensioners will continue to receive the winter  fuel payment.
The modelled impact of the decision to target the winter fuel payment at those who need it most does not account for the measures that this Government are taking to raise pension credit take-up.
There is no doubt that the cut to the winter fuel payment has hit Suffolk hard.
NHS Suffolk reported that 97% of beds were occupied over the Christmas period due to a spike in cold, flu and pneumonia-like symptoms.
Kesgrave community centre has set up warm rooms for impacted pensioners.
The only good news is that the Suffolk Community Foundation has managed to raise £100,000 to support pensioners across our community who are impacted by the cut.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the Suffolk Community Foundation for being there for the most vulnerable people in our society when his Government were not?
This Government and the important charity that the hon.
Gentleman mentions are here for the most vulnerable pensioners.
That is why we are targeting the winter fuel payment at those who need it most, and why we will uprate all the state pension elements by over 4% this April.
He raises the case of the national health service and how important it is to older generations, but it is his party that drove the NHS into the ground over the last 14 years.
Labour-controlled Bridgwater town council is increasing its council tax precept by 40%.
That means that pensioners in my constituency are suffering from not only the loss of their winter fuel allowance, but an enormous tax rise.
What advice does the Minister have for those of my constituents who do not qualify for pension credit, and who now face the loss of the winter fuel allowance from this Government and a huge tax rise from their Labour council?
I encourage all pensioners to consider whether they are eligible for pension credit, but also to look for the wider support that can be provided via the household support fund and the warm homes discount.
I say gently to the hon.
Member that the driving up of council tax bills is a direct result of the destruction of local government finances by the Conservative party over 14 years.