For a period, Rich and I served on the Education,

Health and Environmental Affairs Committee.
As a devoted Eastern

Shoreman and a son of a waterman, Senator Colburn knew how crucial it

is for the government to be accountable, transparent, honest, and

helpful to its citizens.
As such, he made constituent casework and

assisting his fellow Marylanders his top priroity.
As a ``Shore Senator,'' Rich fought on behalf of his constituents

with fervor and purpose.
During his time in the legislature, he

introduced hundreds of bills, at times reaching across the aisle to

promote projects and priorities he believed would benefit the Shore.
One of his greatest accomplishments was the multi-decade battle led to

his securing over $60 million to replace the Dover Bridge; a vital

artery connecting Southern Caroline and Talbot Counties on the Eastern

Shore.
The bridge finally opened in 2018 with great fanfare.
Among his

many other accomplishments was his success in the preservation of the

Easton hospital, widening U.S. Route 50, increasing benefits for

veterans and law enforcement, and obtaining funding for restoration of

the Chesapeake Bay's oyster population.
He advocated for businesses and

tourism on the Shore to lift and support the local economy by helping

provide funding for the Choptank River Lighthouse and bringing in the

Hyatt hotel to Cambridge, among others.
Richard Franklin Colburn was born on February 9, 1950 and grew up in

Oxford, Maryland.
After graduating from the Easton High School, Rich

served in the United States Army Security Agency posted in Germany

during the height of the Cold War.
He left after three years with the

Army, achieving the rank of Sergeant.
After his return to Maryland, he

worked in private practice.
He was elected to the House of Delegates in

1983, where he served until 1991 before he ascended to the State Senate

in 1995.
Senator Colburn became the longest serving Republican Senator

in the Senate.
After his service in elected office, he served as

Special Assistant to Agriculture Secretary Joe Bartenfelder under

Governor Larry Hogan.
His district included the counties of Caroline,

Dorchester, Talbot and Wicomico.
Senator Richard Colburn passed away suddenly on Friday, December 27,

2024, in Easton at the age of 74 years old.
I would like to express my

sincere condolences to his loving wife Alma, daughter Johanna Hamilton

(Bobby), granddaughter Saylor and sister Marie, as well as the entire

extended Colburn family and friends.
The Eastern Shore is forever

grateful for Senator Colburn's commitment to service and his dedication

to Maryland.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MARVIN REASER, Jr.

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Marvin Dennis Reaser,

Jr., who passed away on August 20 at the age of 84.
Mr. Reaser was a

talented musician and beloved band director whose career spanned over

30 years in Salem, Virginia, most notably leaving a lasting impact on

Salem High School.
Mr. Reaser was born on July 28, 1940, in Nitro, West Virginia.
His

parents, Artie Lda Shomo and Marvin Dennis Reaser, Sr.,
raised him in

St. Albans, West Virginia, with a very modest family lifestyle.
Music remained a necessity for the Reaser household, with piano

lessons being a requirement for Mr. Reaser, his sister, Sally, and his

brother, David.
During his tenure at St. Albans Jr. High, Mr. Reaser

played in the High School Band, which was directed by Alan Farley.
Mr.

Farley saw something remarkable about Mr. Reaser's musical ability and

would not soon forget his four-year impact on the school.
Mr. Reaser then enlisted in the United States Navy after attending

one year of college.
He served for four years in the Navy, from Africa

to Saudi Arabia, playing his trumpet for the Navy Band.