Mr.

Farley saw something remarkable about Mr. Reaser's musical ability and

would not soon forget his four-year impact on the school.
Mr. Reaser then enlisted in the United States Navy after attending

one year of college.
He served for four years in the Navy, from Africa

to Saudi Arabia, playing his trumpet for the Navy Band.
Upon Mr.

Reaser's return from his service overseas, he landed two teaching jobs

as band director for two different high schools, notably without a

college degree--a testament to his skill and talent.
By 1968, Mr. Reaser earned his undergraduate degree from Morris

Harvey College (now University of Charleston) in Charleston, West

Virginia.
This same year, his former high school band director, Mr.

Farley, who had been working at Andrew Lewis High School in Salem, VA,

reached out to Mr. Reaser asking for him to apply to the Band Director

job there.
After landing the job one year later, Mr. Reaser joined a

team that would shape his career for the next 30 years.
With Mr.

Reaser's directing style closely mirroring what he had learned from the

United States Navy, the award-winning Andrew Lewis High Band was widely

known for their student-led governance with emphasis on excellence and

hard work.
When Andrew Lewis HS closed and its students were merged into Salem

High School (Salem, VA), he became the band leader there.
Mr. Reaser, throughout his tenure as a band director, participated in

a number of complementary pursuits, such as playing trumpet for gigs in

the surrounding areas of Southwest Virginia, authoring a book, and even

earning his master's degree in music composition from Radford

University.
In 2001, Mr. Reaser earned a key to the city from the Salem City

Council, marking his retirement from Salem City Schools on a day that

was dubbed ``Dennis Reaser Day'' by the City of Salem.
However, he knew

he had more to teach and went on to work as a band director for the

Hargrave Military Academy for three years and then assistant principal

for First Flight High School for over 10 years.
Mr. Reaser retired for good in 2015 and spent the remainder of his

life composing and arranging music, playing in community bands and

surrounding himself with his family and friends.
Mr. Reaser

unfortunately was diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease in his final seven

years, but always stayed ahead of his disease, averaging five to ten

thousand steps per day instead of allowing the symptoms to overcome

him.
While I was never a member of the Andrew Lewis High School marching

band as a student there, I was proud to know Mr. Reaser and admired his

work both with the marching band and all the other programs,

particularly the annual Opus.
Mr. Marvin Dennis Reaser, Jr. was a true example of someone who

delivers excellence to communities with his passion for music.
He will

be remembered for his outstanding work as a teacher, a veteran, and

family man.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF WORLEY ``SKIP'' BISHOP, Jr.

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Worley ``Skip'' Bishop,

Jr., who passed away on September 7th, at the age of 83.
Mr. Bishop

dedicated his life to his family, students, and the community of Floyd,

Virginia.
Worley ``Skip'' Bishop Jr. was born on October 14, 1940, to Worley S.

``Sam'' Bishop, Sr.
and Estella ``Jackie'' Bishop.
He was a natural

athlete and excelled at playing baseball, basketball, and golf.
Skip had a big heart for his home in Floyd, Virginia.
He served as

Mayor for nearly two decades and was determined to make Floyd a

vibrant, thriving community.
He taught at Floyd County High School, in Floyd, Virginia and deeply

cared for his students and athletes.