Title: BLACK WOMEN LEADERS IN HOUSTON; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
196

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BLACK WOMEN LEADERS IN HOUSTON

HON.
ERICA LEE CARTER

Mrs. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, today, we gather to honor and celebrate the

remarkable contributions of Black women leaders in Houston--individuals

who are not only trailblazers in their communities but also powerful

forces in the world of entrepreneurship.
These women are not just business owners--they are visionaries,

building businesses that impact the very fabric of our city and our

Nation.
Linda K. Brown is the founder and chief executive officer of a broad-

based and full-service media communications agency, media/public

relations, advertising and media placement, project management, event

coordination and political consulting firm.
Duni Hebron has led The Emerald Group for over 20 years with a focus

on excellence and dynamic leadership.
Under her guidance, the company

has flourished, delivering innovative solutions and fostering

sustainable growth for global clients.
She also brings a wealth of experience as a real estate broker in

both residential and commercial sales, further complementing her

multifaceted professional portfolio.
Dr. Janice M. Beal is a researcher, clinician, author, and behavioral

expert.
She provides direct leadership as President of Beal Counseling

Associates, and Beal Behavioral Health.
In 2020, she developed and implemented two Covid-19 crisis mental

health hotlines/helplines.
Throughout her twenty-eight plus years of

professional experience she served as a clinician, treating the

emotional needs of children and adolescents.
Terri Hamm is the owner of Kindred Stories, a bookstore currently

located in Third Ward, Houston, TX, committed to amplifying the voices

of Black authors and artisans.
Through Kindred Stories, Terri hopes to create a community-centered

hub where the works of Black authors and artisans are accessible and

celebrated.
A. Renee Logans founded Houston-based ADSI in l990 where she has

served as President and CEO.
For over two decades, she has provided superior services to a range

both the public and private sectors.
Renee's has always had an approach to create processes that aligns

with technology needs for increased organizational efficiency.
Renee has effectively led clients through transition periods

resulting in significant improvements in reliability and profitability.
Lastly, I would like to highlight Argentina M. James, president and

CEO of HillDay Public Relations, Inc. and HillDay Industries, Inc., who

has amassed nearly three decades of industry experience.
Prior to starting HillDay, Argentina skillfully led all aspects of

public relations efforts for private and public corporations.
Mr. Speaker, the future of Houston, and indeed of this Nation, is

brighter because of the contributions of these incredible Black women.
They are not just leaders in their businesses--they are leaders in

our communities, our cities, and in the ongoing fight for equality,

opportunity, and empowerment for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SENATOR RICHARD F. COLBURN

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, this past Friday I learned with great

sadness about the passing of Senator Richard Colburn, a dedicated

public servant and an Eastern Shore patriot who devoted his life to the

service and betterment of the people of the State of Maryland.
Senator Colburn and I served together in the Maryland State Senate.
He arrived to the Maryland General Assembly first as a State Delegate

about sixteen years prior to my being elected to the Maryland Senate in

1999.
By that time, Rich Colburn had already been serving as a State

Senator for four years.
He quickly became my mentor, dear colleague,

and a trusted friend.
For a period, Rich and I served on the Education,

Health and Environmental Affairs Committee.
As a devoted Eastern

Shoreman and a son of a waterman, Senator Colburn knew how crucial it

is for the government to be accountable, transparent, honest, and

helpful to its citizens.
As such, he made constituent casework and

assisting his fellow Marylanders his top priroity.