Skip had a big heart for his home in Floyd, Virginia.
He served as

Mayor for nearly two decades and was determined to make Floyd a

vibrant, thriving community.
He taught at Floyd County High School, in Floyd, Virginia and deeply

cared for his students and athletes.
He coached for 35 years earning various accolades including: District

Golf Coach of the Year six times; District Baseball Coach of the Year

four times; Timberland Golf Coach of the Year four times; State

Basketball Coach of the Year in 1985.
Under his direction, Floyd County

Basketball was the State Runner Up in 1987, and the Floyd County High

School Golf team became State Champions in 2000, 2001, 2006, and 2007.
Skip's greatest love was his family and was proud to be known as Dad

and Papa.
His marriage to Martha Ann Bass Bishop for 59 years, produced

loving and joyful, as they shared two children, four grandchildren, and

six great-grandchildren.
He leaves behind his loving wife, Martha; daughter, Sandra ``Sandi''

Bishop Smith; son, Michael ``Mike'' (Jessica) Bishop; grandchildren,

Stefan ``Sam'' (Michaela) Bishop, Sydney Smith, Joel ``Max'' (Hailey)

Bishop and Sloan Smith; great-grandchildren, Sofia, Daisy, Killian,

Echo, Revan and Fox Bishop; his dearly loved sister, Loretta (Jack)

Bishop Hicks; and many beloved cousins and friends.
Skip is preceded in death by his father, Worley S. ``Sam'' Bishop,

Sr.;
his mother, Estella ``Jackie'' Bishop; his granddaughter, Sawyer

Lynn Smith; and many beloved cousins and friends.
Worley ``Skip'' Bishop, Jr. was larger than life.
Whether you called

him Skip, Dad, Papa, or Coach, he is dearly missed and remembered by

all who knew him, and especially in Floyd County, Virginia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EDUCATORS IN TX-18

HON.
ERICA LEE CARTER

Mrs. CARTER.
I rise today to honor three remarkable educators from

the 18th Congressional District of Texas whose dedication and impact

inspire students and strengthen our community.
From KIPP Texas-Houston who serve over 21,000 students, I would like

to recognize:

Caleb Thomas, a third-grade math teacher, engages students with

hands-on activities and real-world connections, igniting a love for

learning.
His teaching philosophy centers on creating an engaging and inclusive

learning environment that ignites a passion for learning.
He prioritizes student engagement through a blend of hands-on

activities, technology, and real-world connections, ensuring that

learning is not only enjoyable but also impactful.
Dr. AiMee Morant the proud school leader at KIPP Mosaic Primary.
She leads through her strong belief in foundational literacy and

numeracy and believes deeply that students must craft their own

narrative through a rich understanding of themselves and their culture.
Dr. Khalilah Campbell-Rhone, Deputy Superintendent of Transformation,

has transformed underperforming school into thriving educational hubs,

leaving a lasting legacy.
She has also turned around campuses in Houston ISD including Sam

Houston High School, Thomas Middle School, Worthing High School, and

Wheatley High School.
These educators remind us that teaching is not just a profession, but

a calling to shape future generations.
Their unwavering commitment to excellence deserves our gratitude and

continued support.
I thank these educators for their tireless dedication to our children

and communities.