If the Secretary of State wants to improve connectivity between our great northern cities, he might want to start by repairing the roads.
The backlog of local road repairs has gone up by 16% this year alone to £16.3 billion.
The Network North announcement is spread over 11 years, and its average annual contribution accounts for only a third of the £2.3 billion annual increase in the backlog.
That is not all going to roads anyway, and it will go nowhere near addressing the damage done since 2016, when the Government slashed the road repair budget in half.
When will the Secretary of State apologise to road users for the damage that his Government have caused and admit that they have failed to repair the potholes?
What the hon.
Gentleman says is interesting.
We made a commitment to take the money from the cancellation of the second phase of High Speed 2 to make £8.3 billion available for local road maintenance—[Interruption.]
Yes, it is over 11 years, but we made the first tranche of money available this financial year, and again next financial year.
We will set out the allocations in due course.
That money is available only because we made the decision to cancel the second phase of HS2.
Labour cannot give a straight answer on that question, and it has not committed to spending that £8.3 billion at all.
Drivers know that they will only get that investment with a Conservative Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are getting on with delivering the plan for drivers, with new statutory guidance requiring local support for low-traffic neighbourhoods and strengthened guidance supporting 20 mph limits where they make sense—not in blanket measures, as in Wales.
If councils do not listen, they could see their future funding affected.
We are consulting on removing the profit motive from council traffic enforcement while speeding up traffic lights across the country.
As I just said, that follows our record funding increase for improving our roads, with £8.3 billion of reallocated HS2 funding—something that Opposition Members have refused to support.
There is nothing wrong with driving, and the plan for drivers, which was dismissed as nonsense by the shadow Secretary of State, shows that only the Government are on the side of drivers.