The recent Budget contains welcome additional funding for east-west rail.
What are the Minister’s intentions for that additional funding?
May I suggest that he work with the Bletchley towns fund board, of which I am a member, on using the money to provide an additional eastern entrance to Bletchley station, which will improve accessibility and enhance regeneration?
I am happy to work with the Chair of the Select Committee, and I thank him for the evidence session we had on east-west rail.
It was also brilliant to go to the Winslow and Calvert area to see that final link put in place.
The first phase of east-west rail is ready for opening next year.
Winslow station is looking absolutely superb, and I am so excited to see rail services come back there.
On the second phase from Bletchley to Bedford, as he rightly says, money has been allocated from the last Budget to deliver that.
I am certainly happy to meet him and the Bletchley team to see what more they can do to enhance the station for both the first and second phases.
Wandsworth Town and Battersea Park stations in my constituency will soon be made fully accessible, thanks to the Access for All funding.
Queenstown Road has been nominated for the next round of funding, but a decision has still not been made.
Can the Minister tell the House when the Department plans to announce which stations have been successful in control period 7?
Will they include Queenstown Road in my Battersea constituency?
I am delighted by the progress that the hon.
Lady mentions, and she is right about that third station.
I will meet officials, so that I can write to her with the details.
I am keen to work with her local authority to see how we can use regeneration moneys to achieve that end.
As for building on the 240 Access for All step-free access stations that we have, we will make decisions shortly.
We have been through 300 brilliant applications, and we are shortlisting them for delivery.
I will happily write to her to ensure that she has the detail about her projects.
Long before I was elected, it had been identified that in the east direction, the Leeds to Selby railway line had only a footbridge, which restricted access for so many people.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the construction taking place on the Access for All bridge in Garforth?
It shows that Conservative MPs working with Conservative Governments improve rail services for all constituents.
My right hon.
Friend is spot on, as always.
I thank him for his work, because ultimately that project would not have got off the ground without the campaigning and partnership that he provided.
It just shows that a superb MP working in the community, and the Access for All stations fund, which has delivered 240 projects and will deliver more, is a winning partnership.
Passengers in my constituency of Edinburgh West face consistently overcrowded trains from ScotRail, which was taken into public ownership by the Scottish Government in 2022; an unreliable service from Avanti; and now a staggering pilot from London North Eastern Railway, in which east coast main line prices from Waverley to King’s Cross will increase by 123% in some cases.
Does the Minister agree that that is not providing a good service to the people of Edinburgh, or those anywhere else on that line?
It is the wrong move when we are trying to encourage more people on to the railways.
The trial with LNER tries to give passengers greater flexibility.
They can now get on a train 70 minutes either side of the one that they booked, rather than just the one fixed train.
Only 11% of fares are impacted in that trial, and 55% are better value than before.
Working with our partners at LNER, we are trying to flatten out demand, rather than having crowded trains followed by quieter trains.
We hope to change the number of passengers on trains, which would make for a better service overall.
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady, because I believe that the trial has great merits.
We sometimes have to be bold and try fares and ticketing reform.
If we do not, we will never change the system that many criticise for being too complex.
Thanks to the support and determination of West Midlands Mayor Andy Street, we will see a train station and the return of passenger train services to Aldridge for the first time in 65 years, which is something many people thought would never happen.
The service will start at Walsall, but now that we have the west midlands rail hub, will my hon.
Friend agree to continue to work with me and others to secure a service to London?
Yes indeed.
Thanks to our great West Midlands Mayor Andy Street, we now have the midlands rail hub, which will better connect more than 50 stations across the midlands.
My right hon.
Friend has championed Aldridge station for many years, and it is now being delivered.
As she said, the service to Walsall will open, and it will have a car park as well as a platform service.
I am committed to working with her to extend that reach even further.
I congratulate her on delivering that station.