I know how important the helicopter search and rescue services are in Orkney and Shetland.
The right hon.
Gentleman has been a big campaigner for them, and has asked various questions and secured various debates on the matter.
A review is going on about the recent incident data which will report in the summer, and we expect to publish it by the end of the year.
That should include the answers to his questions.
We are investing more than £1 billion in the new search and rescue service.
The number of bases will go from 10 to 12 overall, and there will be no closure of bases and no change to services in Orkney and Shetland before October 2026.
As my hon.
Friend will know, I have serious reservations about the proposed lower Thames crossing and its ability to tackle congestion at the existing Dartford crossing.
Many of the arguments were rehearsed as part of the development consent order process, which completed on 20 December.
As I understand it, the Planning Inspectorate has three months from then to come up with a recommendation, which by my calculation was yesterday.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on whether he has received a recommendation from the Planning Inspectorate and what the process  will be, so that I can ensure that the Department understands why many of my constituents and I do not believe that the proposed crossing is the answer to the problem?
My hon.
Friend is right in his estimation of the dates.
A decision will be made in a matter of months, and certainly by the summer.
I am very happy to sit down and have a discussion.
I will be visiting the site very shortly.
People across Chesterfield were delighted when the long-standing campaign for the Staveley regeneration route was given the thumbs up by the Government, but were then sent into despair when Derbyshire County Council said it did not have the funds to provide its small contribution towards it.
Will the Secretary of State update us on whether it will be delivered?
What concerns does he have about the fact that the poverty of local government sometimes gets in the way of money that his Department has allocated?
I have looked into this particular scheme and met other colleagues in the House about it.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman in detail.
I am sure we can continue with the project.
My constituents and businesses face an additional tax to cross the River Tamar to our main city and beyond.
Taking over such key pieces of infrastructure and funding them through tax measures which they already pay would create a level economic playing field and help level up my part of the country.
Will the Minister at least give a contribution towards the maintenance of these facilities, so this tax does not go up again?
My hon.
Friend raised this issue with the Prime Minister only yesterday; she is a fantastic campaigner on issues relating to the Tamar bridge.
I accept entirely that the Tamar Bridge and Torpoint Ferry joint committee has recently looked at the situation.
An application is being considered by the Transport Secretary, and I am happy to meet her again to discuss it further.[Official Report,  26 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 16MC.]
(Correction) Is the Secretary of State aware that the UK used to be one of the safest countries in the world, along with Sweden, in terms of road accidents?
He has campaigned with the Prime Minister to help the driver, but drivers are killing more vulnerable road users and passengers than for a very long time.
Is it not time that this Government took road safety and the health and welfare of pedestrians and vulnerable road users more seriously?
I will say two things.
First, on Monday we announced a further £35 million for our safer roads fund.
Secondly, the hon.
Gentleman’s general point simply is not right.
I think I am right in saying that out of 38 comparable countries, we are fifth best in the world.
We have a very good road safety record and, actually, that position is maintained.
We focus on road safety in everything we do, particularly for vulnerable road users.
That is at the heart of all our policymaking.
The A338/A346, which runs north-south through Marlborough, is regularly choked nose to tail with heavy goods traffic.
The villages of the Ogbournes and the Collingbournes are particularly affected, including Collingbourne Ducis, where a little girl was killed three years ago by a heavy goods vehicle.
That traffic should really be on the A34 and the A36 to the east and the west.
We have been waiting many months now for the results of the north-south connectivity review.
Will the Minister tell us when that will happen, so that we can have a better system for managing heavy goods traffic through Wiltshire?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I grew up in Wexcombe
and I know that particular area of Collingbourne very well.
I pass on my condolences to the individual family.
He knows that there are powers under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984.
I will write to him in detail with the powers that local authorities have to address that particular point.
On the specifics of the review, that will be contained in road investment strategy 3, which will be published very shortly.
I listened to the Minister’s response earlier, on why Avanti should continue to provide rail services.
It sounded like he was reading from one of its press releases.
The litany of excuses was very long, blaming everyone but itself.
When will he listen to the leaders of the north?
When will he listen to the people of the north and get rid of Avanti?
The point I was making is that if the operator changes, the contracts between operator and the unions will remain unless the unions are willing to release.
There cannot be a unilateral change.
The courts would not allow it.
As I say, that was put in place in 1997.
It was supposed to end in 2002, but continued.
It is now, effectively, a part of a term and condition.
A change of operator will not make any difference to that.
I do listen to those in the north
and I am delighted that I will be listening to the leader of ASLEF, because he has agreed to sit down with me so we can discuss those terms.
I hope I can work with all Members of the House to make that happen.
My Highways Act 1980 (Amendment) Bill, which is due to have its Second Reading tomorrow, would make it easier for motorists to make claims against local authorities for damage caused to their cars by neglect of road maintenance and by potholes.
Why are the Government not supporting my Bill?
I shall be the duty Minister tomorrow, and I look forward to dealing with this matter.
The Government have been promising action on pavement parking for a decade, but despite a consultation in 2020, we are still no further forward.
Will the Minister finally listen to disabled people, parents, children and local councils who overwhelmingly support a ban, and act to curb this dangerous problem?
That particular issue is on my desk, and we are considering it at present.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the results of the consultation will be published in the summer.
For nearly half a century the people of Romford, and those of wider Essex and east London, have been waiting for the Gallows Corner A12/A127 junction to be reconstructed.
Is it not time we had some investment for the people of Romford?
It seems to go everywhere else; let us have some in the London borough of Havering, please.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Government are passionately committed to improving the A12.
Only recently it was the subject of litigation brought by one individual.
I will happily sit down with my hon.
Friend, who for many a year has been a doughty campaigner for Romford.
I entirely agree with him that this needs to be addressed.
Sadly, Marks & Spencer announced yesterday that it would be closing its store in Doncaster, but would be expanding its operation to a retail outlet where there is free parking.
Will the Secretary of State come to Doncaster to see how poor planning in connection with pedestrianisation, cycle lanes and expensive parking is driving customers out of Doncaster and turning my city into a ghost town?
Hopefully, with his help we can reverse this trend.
I was delighted to visit my hon.
Friend recently, engage with him and deal with the individual points that he raised, but I would be happy to sit down and talk to him again.
It seems to me that there is a way forward with buses and other forms of transport to help local residents to travel to the shopping centre that he has mentioned: surely the integrated, multimodal approach is the way ahead.
Following many conversations and much engagement, the Secretary of State and the Ministers are well aware that companies in the railway rolling stock supply chain, such as Hitachi Newton Aycliffe, face significant short-term challenges.
Next year we will celebrate the 200th anniversary of the first passenger railway in the world, which runs past a   Hitachi factory.
Can the Secretary of State update me on what he is doing to ensure that companies such as Hitachi have a long-term future in the UK to build the next generation of north-east trains?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty campaigner for his constituents.
He has already raised this issue with me on a number of occasions, and I am glad that he has raised it again.
I have had frequent meetings with Hitachi’s management in both the UK and Japan, and we are working very hard to deal with the situation.
Hitachi’s HS2 order was confirmed on the original terms, and I am working with its representatives.
The Rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman) , recently published the details of the future rolling stock that is in the pipeline, and Hitachi is very competitively placed to win orders for much of that.
I hope we will be able to reach a successful conclusion in the very near future.
Before we come to business questions, I have to inform the House that there is an error in the Future Business section of the Order Paper.
The Hunting Trophies (Import Prohibition) Bill, introduced by  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) , should appear as the first item of business tomorrow.
It has been corrected in the online version, and will appear correctly on tomorrow’s Order Paper.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I thank you, and indeed the Clerks, for your speedy action in resolving this?
The test of an organisation is not whether mistakes happen—they do— but how quickly they are corrected.
I hope that your statement will also make clear to Members who were thinking of attending tomorrow that my Bill will be No. 1 on the Order Paper, and that they will be here to speed it on its way to the statute book.
I think we have just had the plug and the advertisement.
To ask the Leader of the House if she will give us the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  25 March  will include: Monday 25 March —Remaining stages of the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill
[Lords], followed by a motion relating to the appointment of an acting parliamentary and health service ombudsman.
Tuesday 26 March —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of
the Pedicabs (London) Bill
[Lords], followed by a debate on a motion relating to the national policy statement for national networks.
The House will rise for the Easter recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 26 March  and return on  Monday 15 April .
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 April  includes: Monday 15 April —Consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by debate on a motion on hospice funding.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 16 April —Second Reading of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Wednesday 17 April —If necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by Second Reading of the Finance (No. 2) Bill.
Thursday 18 April —Debate on a motion on access to redress schemes, followed by debate on a motion on the covid-19 pandemic response and trends in excess deaths.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 19 April —Private Members’ Bills.
First, may I congratulate Vaughan Gething on his election as First Minister of Wales?
Vaughan has made history as the first black leader of any European country, which is something I am sure the whole House can be proud of—we certainly are.
Following my question last week, it is good to see that the Tobacco and Vapes Bill has now been timetabled, although it looks like the Government will be relying on our votes to pass their flagship Bill.
I also welcome the Football Governance Bill finally being published, but when will we get its Second Reading?
This could have been our last business questions before a general election in May, but the Prime Minister bottled it.
He may hope that going later increases his chances, but he has quickly found out that he has made things worse.
He is being buffeted by events rather  than being in control of them, with more division, more chatter and his authority ebbing away day after day.
The many resets are not working.
The public are just sick to death of Tory chaos.
No wonder we are rising early for Easter.
The House of Commons guide to procedure states that the Government should reply to the recommendations in a Select Committee report within two months, so where is the Leader of the House’s response to the Procedure Committee’s report on the accountability of Secretaries of State in the Lords?
It was published over two months ago, and she has repeatedly told us that she would reply to it.
When will she bring forward the motion?
Just this week, the Foreign Office had to be dragged to Parliament again to discuss the horrific situation in Gaza and Rafah.
It is not on.
She said she wanted the views of the Lords Procedure and Privileges Committee first.
However, I understand that she has still not contacted it.
Has she?
Let us address the elephant in the room.
There is an unusual level of interest in today’s business questions, following the swirling rumours and speculation.
Thousands of column inches have been written about the unfolding drama.
Will she, won’t she?
When will it come to a head?
Yet the Leader of the House has remained tight-lipped, ducking the question, but now we have the answer.
The Rwanda ping-pong will not take place until after Easter.
If it is such an emergency, why has the Leader of the House yet again delayed programming this legislation?
She delayed Committee stage over Christmas because of disquiet among Conservative Members, and now she has pushed back further Lords amendments until after Easter.
I know the Leader of the House will want to blame the Lords, but it is her timetable and it keeps getting stretched.
Is it because the costs just keep going up and up, and the scheme is unworkable?
On top of the £500 million price tag for the 300 people the Home Office intends to send to Rwanda, the National Audit Office’s damning report, published yesterday, adds to the Department’s woes.
Not only is the Home Office spending £8 million a day on hotels; it has wasted tens of millions of pounds on new sites to house asylum seekers that will never be used.
The truth is that if the Government were ready to implement the scheme, we would see the Bill back here next week.
This is their timetable and their delay—no one else’s.
I know the Leader of the House will be quick to herald this week’s inflation figures as some kind of proof that the Government’s plan is working.
[Interruption.]
I knew that would get a cheer, but she might be less keen to highlight the ever rising housing costs that are not included in those figures.
Rents are up 9% in the last year, and mortgage rates are still crippling homeowners.
That is why, for the first time on record, living standards have fallen in this Parliament.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , claimed this morning that the cost of living crisis is over.
The Government are so out of touch that it is embarrassing, so can I ask about their plans for the economy?
They say they want to scrap national insurance altogether, and the Chancellor floated another two-point cut yesterday, but who is going to pay for this £46 billion unfunded promise?
Will it be pensioners or the health service?
People deserve to know.
The last time the Conservatives embarked on such a huge unfunded tax cut, they crashed the economy and had to get rid of their Prime Minister.
I know that many Conservative Members are now actively discussing wielding  the sword and a coronation, both of which the Leader of the House is accustomed to, but I have previously heard her in these sessions pay rather fulsome, sometimes slightly over-the-top, personal tribute to the Prime Minister.
Given that so many are losing faith, I thought she might want to take this opportunity to give us another gushing homage.
Anything less might be misinterpreted.
Last time she described him as a “signpost” but, deep down, she knows that the only direction he points towards is crushing defeat.
I have briefly emerged from under the hairdryer and put down my Take a Break magazine, and not only found my way to the Chamber this morning but remembered on which side I am supposed to sit, to be present and correct for business questions, which is quite a feat if media reports are to be believed.
I am buoyed by what the hon.
Lady has said.
After all, we have seen inflation fall to 3.4% this week.
Real wages are rising, we have positive growth, household energy bills will fall by £250 a year in a couple of weeks’ time, average disposable incomes are growing and we have signed the accession treaty to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, which will create a huge number of high-wage jobs.
It is confirmation that the plan is working when, on Thursdays, the Opposition focus not on these real-world facts but on the Westminster rumour vortex.
I will address the hon.
Lady’s points in turn.
First, I join her in congratulating Vaughan Gething.
I wish him well in his new post.
I am glad that the Opposition welcome the Tobacco and Vapes Bill and the Football Governance Bill, and I look forward to their support and involvement.
I am still in time to respond to the Procedure Committee’s report on the Foreign Secretary’s accountability to this House, on which their lordships will deliberate.
The hon.
Lady brought up Rwanda, and I wish to clarify that I have no wish to blame their lordships for the delay to that Bill.
I make it clear that I wish to blame Labour Lords for the delay.
For all Labour’s talk of being tough on borders, it has voted against our plans 111 times, and it has voted against our measures to stop the boats 98 times.
Despite its tough talk on crime, Labour has voted against our plans for tougher sentences and new police powers.
This week we have learned that, despite all the armed forces frottage coming from Labour Front Benchers, they are planning an EU defence pact at a time when all efforts should be with NATO, which has standards and clear and agreed principles about what it will do and under what circumstances, and it has been busy—Ukraine, Kosovo, Iraq, support for the African Union, Baltic air policing, Aegean maritime security, Operation Sea Guardian, a standing naval force and, of course, disaster relief.
In contrast, since its creation in 2007, the EU battle group, which has no such agreed threshold for deployment, has never got out the door.
There could be no greater metaphor to illustrate the differing approaches between our two parties: Labour is all talk, including 126 minutes on ferrets last week, whereas we offer practical action.
It is virtue signalling over there versus results over here.
It is unfunded policies over there versus costed proposals over here.
It is no plan versus a plan that is working.
To borrow from the  Opposition’s new-found heroine, Margaret Thatcher: if you want something saying, wait long enough and Labour will say it.
If you want something doing, vote Conservative.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.