As my right hon.
Friend mentions, additional funding through Network North will help.
Network Rail has been working with the taskforce and its consultants on timetable capacity and analysis, to see whether there is a smarter way to deliver additional services, with fewer infrastructure interventions.
We expect that work to complete next month.
I would be delighted if my right hon.
Friend would join me and leaders of Worcestershire and Oxfordshire County Councils, and her neighbouring MP, to discuss this matter in the coming weeks.
What steps he is taking to improve transport connectivity in cities in the north of England.
Network North announced £19.8 billion of investment in the north of England, including £2.5 billion for the local transport fund, and is increasing the city region sustainable transport settlements to £12.4 billion from 2027.
My hon.
Friend’s local authority, Lancashire County Council, will receive nearly £500 million from the local transport fund, an additional £7 million for the bus service improvement plan, and an uplift of £244.5 million for road resurfacing.
To truly build our northern powerhouse and contribute to economic growth, direct connections between cities such as Liverpool and Preston are really important.
Does the Secretary of State agree that taking out the buffers at Ormskirk, which were put in for purely administrative reasons in the 1960s and prevent direct trains, is a great idea and that such services would be further enabled by battery technology?
Does he agree that that would enhance the case for stopping the nonsense at Midge Hall station, which was closed by Beeching in the ’60s, where passenger trains stop but passengers can only peer out at the platform because they cannot get on or off?
It’s true.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend is glad to have your endorsement for her question, Mr Speaker.
The Government believe that local authorities are best placed to promote and take forward those schemes and, as I said, the local transport fund in the north will mean that £2.5 billion will be available for them.
I encourage her to work with stakeholders such as Lancashire County Council.
I had the pleasure of discussing a number of those local schemes when I recently met its leadership on a visit to Preston.
When I have been contacted by constituents excited by the news of the local transport fund, I have asked my local council officers when we can begin some of these projects, but they have been told by Department for Transport civil servants that the bulk of the money  will not come until the end of the decade.
When will we have some timelines for the delivery of that money?
I do not want my constituents to have their expectations raised unreasonably.
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority will get £168 million.
We have been clear that that money will come over a seven-year period, and we will shortly publish guidance for the local authority on how it can go about that.
I hope he will be pleased to know that we will make it clear to local councils that when they put their plans together, Members of Parliament should be involved in developing schemes so that he and other hon.
Members can represent their constituents and their local transport priorities.