Is the Leader of the House aware that the biggest killer of children and young people worldwide is being involved in a crash on a road?
Can we have an early debate to talk about how, globally, we do something vigorously to cut this back?
I have the privilege of being the chair of the Independent Council for Road Safety International.
Car accidents kill so many children worldwide.
They are all avoidable deaths.
Can we have a debate that focuses on this?
I did know that, because I have heard the hon.
Gentleman campaign on the issue many times, and I thank him for it.
As well as improvements that we can make in the UK, the UK plays a huge role in helping other nations get better at road safety, and I thank him for highlighting that fact today.
He knows how to apply for a debate.
Following the introduction of the very welcome Football Governance Bill, may we have a debate in Government time on the future of rugby union and how we ensure that professional rugby in England is effectively regulated and supported?
Clubs such as Worcester Warriors deserve their chance to come back into professional rugby, but with no certainty about the shape of next year’s championship and a clash between the law of administration and the Rugby Football Union’s definition of rugby creditors, it is hard for investors to plan with any certainty.
A century on from when rugby was invented in the west midlands, is it not a matter of concern that there might be no top- flight professional club in the west midlands area?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important matter.
I am glad that he welcomes the Football Governance Bill.
He will also know that the Government appointed  independent advisers last year to work on the future stability of rugby union.
We will continue to work with the rugby authorities, including the Rugby Football Union, premiership rugby and Sport England, to support rugby in all its forms.
I shall ensure that the Secretary of State has heard his particular concerns in this regard, and he knows how to apply for a debate.
The UK Government recently awarded councils in England emergency funding of £700 million, much of which was in response to the crisis facing social care.
The Scottish Government received consequential funding on top of the normal block grant as a result.
However, Scottish councils are still facing budget issues in this area.
Yesterday, my own council in Edinburgh had to agree to close two care homes, reduce packages and cut some funding by 10%.
May we have a statement from the Treasury, or perhaps the Scotland Office, on how it could be made easier for Scottish councils to apply directly for this emergency funding—[Interruption.]
There is no staff!
Perhaps I should borrow one of the Leader of the House’s hate forms.
As I was saying, may we have a statement on how Scottish councils can apply directly when this fund is made available, rather than continue to wait for the Scottish Government to act?