Earlier this month, the National Audit Office issued a damning report that made it clear that this Government’s refusal to bring forward long-delayed rail reforms is costing taxpayers dearly.
Avanti West Coast made the amount of waste in our rail system crystal clear when it bragged about getting “free money” from Government, despite the truly shocking service that it delivers, so it should come as no surprise that yesterday, northern Mayors and council leaders unanimously called for Avanti to lose its contract due to its appalling service.
The question for the Minister today is simple: will he strip Avanti of its contract—yes or no?
No, we will not.
The reason is that there are issues with the west coast main line that will remain, regardless of who the operator is.
It is essential to get underneath the bonnet, look at the issues and fix them, rather than looking just at what is on the side of the car.
To take just one four-week period from Christmas, 65% of the delays in that period were down not to the operator but Network Rail, and they involved weather-related issues as well as trespass and, sadly, suicides, which we need to minimise.
We also have issues with restrictive contracts, and I would like change there.
For example, Avanti is unique as an operator, in the sense that its drivers will not double-trip.
They will do one return journey, but will not go over the same leg of rail twice.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  asks whose fault that is.
That contract was agreed in 1997, so maybe we know whose fault it was.
That sums up this ludicrous situation: we are talking about a contract from 1997 that was due to end in five years, in 2002, yet that contract between the union and any operator remains.
Until we can make progress on restrictive contracts, we will not be able to make changes.
A Government cannot break the contract—it is between the operator and the union.
I welcome the steps that Mick Lynch— Order.
I do not mind having an Adjournment debate or statement on this subject if we need one—I am more than happy to allow one—but we cannot have it now; I have a bit to get through.
But the Minister’s answer was excellent, I am sure.
I call the SNP spokesman.
I start by thanking Alex Hynes for having done a fantastic job running Scotland’s Railway for seven years.
He is departing to become the director general of rail at the Department for Transport, where he will help steer rail reform.
And what a job he has!
As we have heard, the National Audit Office said that rail reform was not on track.
Not only are there £1.5 billion a year in lost savings, but the Department has failed to make planned savings of £4.1 billion from workforce reforms and the establishment of Great British Railways.
Cuts of £4.1 billion to the transport budget were nevertheless announced by the Chancellor two weeks ago.
Does the Minister agree that his Government are unable to make savings, but all too willing to make cuts?
No, I do not.
I am delighted at the appointment of Alex Hynes, who will become a director general in the Department for Transport.
He will put track and train together in the Department, and that departmental section will move out to Great British Railways once the legislation is put in place, so I do not agree at all.
The appointment demonstrates that we are getting on with rail reform by appointing the right staff, and we have started on the legislative path.
Mr Speaker, I know I take too long at the Dispatch Box when I talk about the need to fix such contracts, but they are complicated.
This session should not be about cheap soundbites; it does not work like that.
It should be about getting into the detail.
There are sticky contract provisions that the courts will not allow a Government or an operator to break unilaterally.
I do wish this House would be a bit more intellectual in its approach to scrutiny.
What steps he is taking to support active travel in Newcastle upon Tyne.
This Government are investing more than any other in active travel.
Around £15 million has been provided to Newcastle upon Tyne since 2020-21 to  deliver high-quality infrastructure.
That is supported by over £2 million of funding to Transport North East to improve capability across the region.
Active Travel England supports local authorities in delivering maximum value for money by ensuring that schemes comply with the relevant guidance, and councils receive tailored support from the Government.
Walking and cycling prevent 1,500 serious long-term health conditions on Tyneside every year, according to the walking and cycling index, and they bring in £400 million in economic benefits, so it is no wonder that half of Tynesiders want to walk or wheel more, and that two fifths want to cycle more, but if they are to do that, the streets need to be made safer.
What is the Minister doing, apart from undermining low traffic neighbourhoods, to make our streets safer for walking, wheeling and cycling?
With great respect to the hon.
Lady, she knows full well that her council attempted to have an active travel scheme in Jesmond, and it so messed it up that it had to scrap the scheme.
The LTN was scrapped, and there were 23,000 objections and a considerable waste of money.
With due respect, active travel is doing a great job, and we support it, but councils have to take local communities with them.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 14MC.]
(Correction)
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
Officials and I are focusing on improving rail services in the short and long term.
This week, I brought together representatives from across the rail industry for a leaders in rail session to discuss how, collectively, we can make changes to deliver a better passenger experience.
Longer term, we remain committed to bringing track and train back together under Great British Railways, and to continuing to build on the £100 billion of investment since 2010.
Carshalton and Wallington is one of the poorer parts of London for connectivity.
It was promised that the ultra low emission zone would bring additional public transport investment, but instead the 455 bus has been scrapped, the Go Sutton bus has been scrapped, the 410 bus service is being reduced, and the Superloop is just an existing bus route that has been rebranded.
One thing that would improve connectivity is delivering on the Croydon area remodelling scheme that National Rail and Network Rail are working on to improve connectivity in London and the south-east.
What discussions is the Department having with Network Rail about moving this project forward?