May I associate myself with the remarks about the new Welsh First Minister and pass on my best wishes to former First Minister Mark Drakeford?
Of course, we are grateful to the Leader of the House for making time in her hectic schedule to pop along to the House of Commons today; all that leadership plotting and scheming does not just happen by itself—she has been a busy bee.
We can only pray that we are nearing the season finale of this endless Tory soap opera, but her leadership campaign has not stopped her coming here today so that she can ignore our questions in person.
Every Thursday, she displays some essential qualities to be the next Tory Prime Minister.
For a start, she regards questions as a bit of a nuisance, something  to be avoided at all costs.
They get in the way of her important work recording all those YouTube videos about Willy Wonka, escaped monkeys or whatever.
If Members do not take my word for it, they can check Hansard.
The Leader of the House was right to say last week that I had not sent her through details of my many unanswered questions—there are just so many to compile.
However, I am happy to offer a few reminders now.
We have had no answer on whether Baroness Michelle Mone is a paid-up member of the Tory party, as she herself claims; we have had no answer on the startling increase in child poverty in England—the Leader of the House is far too busy to deal with those distractions; and we still have no idea how much taxpayers’ money was wasted on her Government’s initial “State of the Union” report to the UK Cabinet, which was written at the height of the pandemic and was still kept firmly under wraps until we got some insights at the covid inquiry.
The report is still for strictly for Tory eyes only; even now, Scots are not allowed to know the costs or decisions taken to stifle our democracy.
But with the revelation that 80% of young Scots said that they want independence, it is no surprise that the Cabinet panicked and swung into fervent Union-Jackery action.
So will the Leader of the House take a moment from her busy campaign diary to answer these questions— I make no apology for asking them again: how much taxpayers’ money was spent on that “State of the Union” paper?
What was the strategy the Cabinet was asked to endorse?
And when can we see the paper in full?
Perhaps we could have a statement from the relevant Minister, if she does not have those answers to hand.
Before I get to the specifics of what she raises, I have noticed a consistent hostility and unpleasantness in the hon.
Lady’s questions to me.
This has been going on for some time—weeks, in fact.
I am getting the impression that the hon.
Lady does not like me, perhaps even hates me; her followers on social media certainly do.
There are patronising undertones in what she says.
I believe she is saying that I am deficient in my abilities to answer her questions, perhaps because I am a woman.
I feel very intimidated, upset and deeply, deeply hurt.
As well as noting her questions, I have been sitting on the Front Bench filling in a hate-related report form, which my officials have kindly placed in my folder.
I will have one ready for every single SNP colleague who gets to their feet.
If I sent the form to the Scottish police they would be obliged to investigate, increasing the growing number of reasons why they are struggling to attend burglaries.
I sincerely hope that the SNP’s new hate crime laws do not have a chilling effect on our exchanges.
I am not sure the hon.
Lady has understood the purpose of business questions.
The questions that she has asked should be directed to Departments, such as the Cabinet Office and the Department for Work and Pensions.
She can ask these questions of me and I can write to those Departments for her, but she could also cut out the middleman and write to the Departments herself.
I look forward to receiving her list of questions— I think it is now two months overdue.
I will farm them out to the relevant Government Departments and ask them to respond to the hon.
Lady.