Further to the points made by the Labour Front Bencher, it is just over two years since nearly 800 P&O workers were summarily sacked and thrown off ferries.
We will finally debate the Government’s utterly supine and ineffective fire-and-rehire code of practice next week, but it is just over two months since the Government claimed that they were making substantial progress on implementing the nine-point plan for seafarer protections.
The Seafarers’ Wages Act still has not come into force, alongside a toothless and voluntary seafarers’ charter, which will not change how P&O operates, even if it signs up to it.
We all know that in this House, so is it not time that the Government took meaningful action and got behind our seafarers?
The Seafarers’ Wages Act will come into force this summer.
Unfortunately, it takes time to pass legislation, and we had to consult on it.
No one wants it to come into force quicker than I.
The claim that the seafarers’ charter will have no impact is completely untrue.
The operators will have to abide by the terms of the charter, which will ensure that seafarers earn the minimum wage throughout their engagements, that they get overtime payments of at least 1.25 times the hourly rate, and that they have rosters that ensure that they are not fatigued and safety is not compromised.
The Government will monitor the compliance of the operators with that charter.
What steps he is taking to help local authorities improve local transport in the west midlands.
In total, local transport authorities across the west midlands have been allocated around £5 billion to improve local transport services and infrastructure through the city region sustainable transport settlement, bus service improvement plan funding, and our recently announced local transport fund.
One thing that would of course hugely help local transport in the west midlands is for voters in the combined authority to re-elect our fantastic Mayor, Andy Street.
Hear, hear!
The extension of the Birmingham to Lichfield line goes all the way to Burton and passes the National Memorial Arboretum.
At the moment, the line is used only for freight, and I was told four years ago that the cost of upgrading it for passenger traffic would be only about £10 million, which is nothing in the great scheme of things.
When will we see the line being completed so that people can go to the National Memorial Arboretum, which has half a million visitors a year, by rail instead of always having to use road?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a long-standing champion of that scheme and takes every opportunity to raise it with us.
It is for local authorities to promote schemes for transport in their areas.
I am pleased to tell him that, following our decision to cancel the second phase of High Speed 2, we have been able to make significant funds available, so Staffordshire County Council—his local authority—will get just under £260 million from the local transport fund.
I urge him to talk to the council to see if it can fund the very modest bid that he has just set out for that scheme.
The tram system in the west midlands is not going according to plan unfortunately, and the rail line between Moor Street, Snowhill and Marylebone—the Chiltern line, as it is known—is underperforming and has become highly unreliable.
The air quality in our area, including in Warwick and Leamington, Snowhill and elsewhere, is very poor because the service is diesel-run.
Other countries, such as India, have electrified their main networks.
Will the Minister electrify the Chiltern route using the budget freed up from HS2?
There are significant plans to electrify across the network.
Another thing we can do to spend money more cost-effectively is consider where battery trains can be used in order not to electrify the very expensive parts of the network.
I am also aware that Chiltern is looking at modernising its rolling stock, particularly to improve air quality.
All the things that the hon.
Gentleman raises are absolutely in progress.
The Rail Minister will be able to say more about them in due course.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of creating new direct ferry links to mainland Europe.
The UK ferry sector is a highly competitive commercial market.
There are currently a significant number of links to Europe offering a variety  of freight and passenger routes from many locations, including five new routes since 2021.
Ferry routes are developed on a commercial basis by private sector operators to provide services that meet wider passenger or freight demands.
As such, the Department does not currently intend to undertake any such assessment.
The reinstatement of a direct ferry link from the Forth estuary into Europe addresses three key objectives: an environmental objective of reducing road congestion and carbon emissions from heavy goods vehicles; improving import-export resilience; and delivering economic opportunity to Scotland.
Industry agrees and ferry operators stand ready to deliver a route, but the Scottish Government lack the courage to support Project Brave.
What can be done to encourage the Scottish Government to invest a modest amount of pump-prime funding to realise the economic and environmental benefits that would be felt by all across the UK?
As I said in my initial answer, the UK Government see the ferry sector as a commercial market and do not subsidise it.
As the hon.
Gentleman points out, however, this is a devolved matter—in Scotland, ferries are the responsibility of the Scottish Government—so he should make his protestations about that route to the SNP Government, because it is up to them to decide what to do.
I totally understand that they are slightly worried; they have an undistinguished track record on ferries, with various fiascos—maybe it is because they try to get ferries that can hold motorhomes.
What estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of delays to planned rail reforms.
What estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of delays to planned rail reforms.
The recent National Audit Office report was clear that we expect to spend £400 million on rail reform up to the end of March 2024, compared with initial plans to spend £1.2 billion.
The report was also clear that we are forecasting £2 billion of total savings over the current spending review period, which is 77% of our original savings target.
It has been three years since we were told that Great British Railways would happen.
In my reading of the NAO report, it says that the £1.5 billion of savings will not be met in time.
The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers says that another half billion could be achieved if we removed the profit motive from the railways, where a huge amount is wasted on shareholders.
When will the Government progress on GBR and when will we get a date for its implementation?
Is it not time for them to bite the bullet and renationalise our railways, as we have done successfully with several lines?
At the heart of rail reform is integrating track and train.
I am very pleased that the Transport Committee has taken on the role of being the pre-legislative  scrutiny Committee for the draft Rail Reform Bill, and is now scrutinising that legislation.
The cut-off date for evidence is next Wednesday, if the hon.
Gentleman would like to put his suggestions forward.
I hope that the Committee will complete its report by July; the Government will have two months to respond to the recommendations, and if we have cross-party support for an integrated rail body that brings track and train together, I hope we will be able to bring in legislation to that effect, and improve rail services for everyone.
High Speed 2, with its out-of-control costs, is compounding local misery, because it is now set to close the vital artery of Old Oak Common Lane for four to five years.
We only know that because it leaked out, which shows the Government’s disregard for community and transparency.
What assurances can the Minister give about funding for the Euston leg, so that the world-class interchange that we were promised does not end up being the terminus, and so that my long-suffering residents do not pay the price of Government project mismanagement by being hemmed in until 2030 because they cannot get on their one access road to the outside?
An Old Oak Common terminus provides a great opportunity for regeneration in the area.
I have visited a number of times, and I am committed to working with the community to minimise impacts.
One of the ways that is being done is by ensuring that the spoil is removed by conveyor, rather than by lorry.
We do seek to minimise the impact; we recognise that when new rail stations are built, there is an impact.
Turning to the hon.
Lady’s concern about Euston, I have met our property developer partners Lendlease.
Our aim is to deliver not just a station, but the largest public sector land deal in London, which will completely regenerate the area.
It will deliver offices, jobs and homes, and will also provide the funding to deliver the station, not just for HS2 but for Network Rail.
We are committed to ensuring that Network North delivers that station.