The Secretary of State was asked— What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of bus service levels in England.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of local bus services.
What steps he is taking to improve bus services in Leeds.
The Government continue to provide unprecedented investment into buses.
Since the pandemic, we have announced more than £4.5 billion of support for bus services in England outside London, including £1 billion recently reallocated from HS2 to improve services in the north and the midlands through Network North.
Bus passenger journeys in England increased by 19% to 3.4 billion in the year ending March 2023, and we are seeing patronage increase in some areas.
It has been three years since the Government published their national bus strategy, but we are still waiting for the promised guidance on what constitutes “socially and economically necessary” bus services for which local authorities can provide subsidies.
While we wait, people in Stapleton, in my constituency, are having to walk a mile to get to a bus stop to catch a  bus to the city centre, because First Bus says it is not commercially profitable to run a service through Stapleton and there is no money to subsidise it.
Last July, a Minister told me that guidance would be issued in this Parliament, which is clearly close to coming to an end.
When will we see that guidance?
We particularly want to try to assist the hon.
Lady and her local authority with the finances.
The West of England combined authority receives £1.1 million every year through the bus service operators grant to subsidise socially necessary bus services.
It has also been allocated in excess of £1.2 billion in city region sustainable transport settlements 1 and 2 to deliver transport infrastructure, which includes the bus infrastructure the hon.
Lady requires.
As a regular bus user myself, I recognise it when people in rural Devon tell me that some buses fail to appear, meaning they miss connections with trains as a result.
The services are well used by college students.
Unreliable bus services not only affect the productivity of the college students, but of their parents who are then called upon to help the students make the journey to college, curtailing their working day.
What can the Government do to encourage better co-ordination between rail and buses to get students to college on time?
That depends on funding, as the hon.
Gentleman will be aware because I raised it with him in his Adjournment debate on  19 December .
Devon County Council has been awarded £17.4 million to deliver its bus service improvement plan, but there should be better integration between the providers, the local authority and the rail companies.
Our bus services in Leeds have been unreliable for years, and yet the Leeds City Council Conservative group wanted more of the same and hoped the problem would just go away.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Labour’s West Yorkshire Mayor, Tracy Brabin, on taking the significant decision to bring our buses back into public control, so they can once again be run for people and not for profit?
I had the dubious honour of being praised as the hon.
Gentleman’s favourite MP earlier this week—damned by faint praise.
I would gently push back that the West Yorkshire Mayor is able to do that only because this Government have provided unprecedented funding of in excess of £2.1 billion in the devolved settlement under the city region sustainable transport settlement.
Southend welcomes the £1 million of bus service improvement plan funding that has already enabled Conservative cabinet member Kevin Buck to reinstate the much-loved 25A route, but we need more.
Will the Minister commit to come to my high-level bus summit on Monday, to listen to residents and see what more we can do?
In the time-honoured tradition, I  can only say yes to my hon.
Friend.
She is a doughty champion for Southend.
I would be delighted to attend  her bus summit, to speak to the relevant councillors and to explain how the bus service improvement plan and the bus service operators’ grant funding is transforming local bus provision.
Never mess with busy mums and dads, not least because I am one
and I know that the Minister is as well.
Parents in Arlingham, Frampton, Elmore and Longney are really struggling with rural school bus transport.
This is not all about money; it is about reliability, safety and fairness.
Indeed, they feel that their children are discriminated against versus what children in towns and cities receive.
Gloucestershire County Council is doing a lot.
It is stretching itself, but we are really struggling to find solutions.
Will the Minister meet me and Councillor Stephen Davies to see whether we can find solutions for our parents in the communities?
I would be delighted to do so.
I welcome the fact that my hon.
Friend is standing up for her local community in this way.
Clearly, it is a question of integrating the particular services, whether they are local or school provision, but it is definitely something that we can sort.
It was good to meet my hon.
Friend the Minister and the residents of Fishburn in the Sedgefield constituency recently; and he then followed up with Arriva.
Will he endorse my campaign to reconnect Fishburn, Trimdon and Sedgefield back with Newton Aycliffe and Darlington, which were cut off by the removal of the X21?
Does he also agree that rural services to places such as these are the critical platform to enable opportunity to be spread and a key reason for the BSIP funding?
It was a pleasure to attend the meeting at Fishburn Community Hall, meet the local residents and councillors, be offered a pancake on Shrove Tuesday and discuss bus services and bus funding.
I have to say that there is no doubt whatever that the improvement of the X21, in particular taking residents and workers into Newton Aycliffe and Darlington, seems to be utterly sensible, and I will continue to support my hon.
Friend’s campaign and meet again with Arriva to ensure that it happens for the people of Fishburn and Trimdon.