Three years ago, levelling-up funding for the upgrade of the B714 in my constituency was announced.
So far no funds have been forthcoming.
If and when the funding is finally allocated, what support can the Secretary of State provide to help ensure that this funding is sufficient to fulfil the upgrade, given that the cost of labour and materials are now much higher than they were three years ago?
That is a matter for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
I will take it up with the Department and make sure that it writes to the hon.
Lady.
Residents in Harrogate and Knaresborough often face train cancellations, sometimes at very short notice, causing much frustration and inconvenience.
A shortage of drivers and train crew is often the cause of the cancellations, and I have raised that with the train companies involved.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that vacancies are filled and operational training is prioritised?
That is a challenge.
The shortage of crew is largely down to sickness, the level of which is about 8.5%, which is too high.
We are working with the operator to ensure that it is working on that, and with the northern rail partnership, to ensure there is more resilience on that line.
The training backlog needs to be cleared, working in co-operation with the unions rather than them going on strike.
We should be able to ease that backlog and get a better service for my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
Last week, the Prime Minister failed to provide my constituents with any assurance about proposals for a train station in the Somerton and Langport area, but he did state that money was available to invest in local transport across the country.
Will my constituents see that money?
Once again, when will the Langport Transport Group hear back regarding its strategic business case, which it submitted almost two years ago?
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady and the Langport Transport Group so that they have a response, if they feel that that is outstanding.
The Prime Minister has committed to ensure that the Network  North money made available from the cancellation of High Speed 2 is spent where HS2 would have been delivered.
That mostly includes the north and the midlands, but there will be other projects in the rest of the country through the recycling of the funding from Euston.