We commend his dedication to public

safety and his steadfast commitment to justice and community.
We wish

him continued success in the years ahead, as he selves the people of

Coahoma County with honor and integrity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF REVEREND TYRONE NELSON AT SIXTH MOUNT

ZION BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the 20th pastoral anniversary of Reverend Tyrone Nelson, a native of

Richmond, Virginia, and the esteemed pastor of Sixth Mount Zion Baptist

Church.
For two decades, Reverend Nelson has led Sixth Mount Zion with

vision, compassion, and an unwavering commitment to service.
Under his

leadership, the church has grown not only in membership, but in its

outreach and impact throughout the Richmond community.
He has been a

steadfast advocate for the needs of his congregation and a champion for

justice, education, housing, and economic empowerment in the city and

beyond.
Reverend Nelson's tenure has been marked by a spirit of innovation

and inclusivity, fostering a welcoming environment for individuals and

families from all walks of life.
His ability to connect faith with

action has helped shape the church into a community anchor, offering

programs and partnerships that address food insecurity, youth

mentorship, and senior care, while serving as a safe gathering place

for civic dialogue and community advancement.
In addition to his responsibilities as pastor of Sixth Mount Zion

Baptist, Reverend Nelson has remained active in civic life, lending his

voice to advance equity, opportunity, and public service.
His

leadership extends far beyond the pulpit, touching the lives of

countless community members through both his words and his work.
Reverend Nelson's dedication over the past 20 years is a testament to

what can be achieved when faith, integrity, and community come

together.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating

Reverend Tyrone Nelson on 20 years of extraordinary service.
May his

leadership continue to inspire, uplift, and strengthen the Richmond

community for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF SAMUEL BIGLER

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life of Mr.

Samuel Bigler of Millersville Borough, who passed away on July 1, 2025,

at the age of 78.
Mr. Samuel Bigler, known as Sam, was a father to Evan and a husband

to Cindy.
He was a strong presence in the Lancaster community as a

veteran, an Olympic weightlifter, a teacher, a business owner, a

volunteer, and much more.
A 1965 graduate of Co]umbia High School, Sam enlisted in the U.S.

Army and served between 1966 and 1969.
Having lifted weights since a

young age, Sam continued this passion and won numerous national and

international titles and awards, culminating in a spot on the 1976 U.S.

Olympic Weightlifting team in Montreal, Canada and a tenth-place

finish.
Sam attended Millersville State College and received a bachelor's and

master's degree in education.
He then served as a reading specialist at

Thaddeus Stevens College for 33 years.
During this time, Sam began a

rental property business with his wife, Cindy.
Sam was also impactful in his volunteer capacity.
He served on the

Millersville Zoning Board, the local Republican committee, and was a

mentor to individuals participating in the Lancaster County Veteran's

Court program.
Sam's impact on the community cannot be understated, and I am glad to

have known him.
As we celebrate the life of Sam Bigler, we offer our

prayers of comfort to his family during this time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF CORPORAL EDMUND ``ED'' BURKE

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.