One thing is clear: Mr. Allen has dedicated his life to ensuring his

fellow union members are treated with the dignity and respect they

deserve both on and off the jobsite.
His decades of knowledge and

leadership will be missed not just at IAM, but across the union world

as a whole.
I wish him the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LOVE THY CITY DAY IN TYLER, TEXAS

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Love Thy City

event held in Tyler, Texas, a community-wide initiative that reminds us

that service to our neighbors doesn't start in Washington, it starts in

the heart and in the home as it extends to every corner of this earth.
Organized by local citizen-leaders, churches, nonprofits, and

volunteers of all ages, Love Thy City is a day of service to others

rooted in the great command to love our neighbors.
That's a principle

that transcends politics and parties.
It transcends race and gender and

every difference between us.
It is our shared responsibility to care

for everyone around us just as the Good Samaritan did--not because

Government would tell us to, but because the Love of Christ propels us

to.
Whether it's cleaning up a park, helping a neighbor in need, or

simply showing kindness to a stranger, Love Thy City challenges us to

use our active faith to lead by example and invest in our communities--

not just with words, but with action.
This is what makes East Texas strong; faith, service, and a deep love

for God and for one another.
I'm proud to honor this effort today and

to recognize all those who give their time to love their neighbor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHERIFF MARIO MAGSBY, SR.
HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

dedicated service and efforts of the Sheriff of Coahoma County,

Mississippi, Mario Magsby, Sr.
Sheriff Magsby is a lifelong resident of Coahoma County and a first-

generation law enforcement officer.
Raised by his parents, Eddie and

Frankie Magsby, he learned early the values of hard work, integrity,

and dedication to community--principles that have guided him throughout

his distinguished career in public service.
Sheriff Magsby began his law enforcement journey in February 1998

with the Jonestown Police Department, serving as a Patrol Officer.
He

completed training at the Mississippi Law Enforcement Officers'

Training Academy in November 1998.
In May 1999, he was hired by former

Sheriff Andrew Thompson, Jr., and over the years served with

distinction in multiple capacities, including the Uniform Patrol

Division, Criminal Investigation Division, Narcotics Division, Special

Response Team, as a Firearms Instructor, and as Chief Deputy.
He is a proud graduate of Coahoma Agricultural High School and holds

both a Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice and a Master of Science in

Criminal Justice Research.
Sheriff Magsby has consistently demonstrated

leadership, professionalism, and a steadfast commitment to the safety

and well-being of the citizens of Coahoma County.
Sheriff Magsby is a dedicated member of both the Mississippi

Sheriffs' Association and the National Sheriffs' Association.
Beyond

his professional life, he is a devoted husband, father, and

grandfather, who enjoys spending time with his family and engaging in

outdoor pursuits, such as hunting and fishing.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Sheriff Mario

Magsby, Sr.
for his exemplary service and leadership over the past year

as Sheriff of Coahoma County.
We commend his dedication to public

safety and his steadfast commitment to justice and community.
We wish

him continued success in the years ahead, as he selves the people of

Coahoma County with honor and integrity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF REVEREND TYRONE NELSON AT SIXTH MOUNT

ZION BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.