Born in

Massachusetts, he attended Deerfield Academy and Princeton before

serving as an active-duty Marine where he earned the rank of captain.
A

man dedicated to his country, Mr. Dwight held multiple public offices,

including serving as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts.
As

Lieutenant Governor, he worked behind the scenes to serve his state and

always stood up for what he felt was right.
After leaving public office, Mr. Dwight led newspapers in Minneapolis

and New England

and was responsible for printing seven separate publications.
He was

dedicated to local, independent journalism and never hesitated to

follow a difficult story.
Outside of his public life, Mr. Dwight was a loving husband, father,

and grandfather.
To those who knew him, he was endlessly curious, and

never afraid to try new things.
He always knew how to ask the right

questions and was driven by unflinching dedication to the common good.
The mark he left on his community, state, and country will never be

forgotten, and for that, we are forever grateful.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GARY ALLEN

HON.
MELANIE A. STANSBURY

Ms. STANSBURY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gary Allen, who

just retired as the International Association of Machinists and

Aerospace Workers Western Territory General Vice President and was the

President of Local Lodge No.
794 in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Mr. Allen

was first initiated into IAM Local Lodge No.
794 in 1979 upon his

employment at the General Electric Aircraft Engine Plant.
Following his father Ray's example.
Mr. Allen involved himself in the

IAM very early in his career at General Electric by being elected Area

Steward in 1981.
Only one year later, he was elected First Shift

Steward, and by 1983, he was elected Chief Steward, overseeing the

activities of all shop stewards on all shifts at General Electric.
Mr.

Allen also served as Local Lodge Auditor, Labor Relations Negotiating

Committee member, Organizing Committee member, and as a delegate to

then District Lodge 183.
In 1985, at the age of 24, Mr. Allen became President and Directing

Business Representative of Local Lodge 794, representing members at a

variety of shops including General Electric, Greyhound, Fruehauf

Trailers, and Arkansas Best Freight.
He held this position until 1989,

when he was appointed Special Representative for the Western Territory.
In 1991, Mr. Allen became a Grand Lodge Representative, and in 1996,

he was appointed as the Territorial Organizing Leader for the Western

Territory, where he coordinated the organizing activities throughout

the Western Territory.
Mr. Allen was then moved to IAM Headquarters in

1997 as a Coordinator for Collective Bargaining and later that year was

appointed Aerospace Coordinator in the newly-formed IAM Aerospace

Department where he coordinated collective bargaining throughout North

America with aerospace companies such as General Electric, RollsRoyce,

Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Sundstrand, and Raytheon among others.
In 2003, Mr. Allen was appointed to serve as the Western Territory's

Administrative Assistant, where he served in that capacity until 2009,

when he was elected General Vice President of the Western Territory.
Since 2012, Mr. Allen has represented the IAM as a trustee on the IAM

National Pension Fund, the 6th largest multiemployer pension fund in

the United States with approximately $8.4 billion in assets, providing

over 80,000 retirees and beneficiaries with retirement security.
Since 1991, Mr. Allen has also served his community as an Executive

Board member for the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement

(LCLAA), becoming a Vice President of the Board in 2010.
One thing is clear: Mr. Allen has dedicated his life to ensuring his

fellow union members are treated with the dignity and respect they

deserve both on and off the jobsite.
His decades of knowledge and

leadership will be missed not just at IAM, but across the union world

as a whole.
I wish him the best in his retirement.