As we celebrate the life of Sam Bigler, we offer our

prayers of comfort to his family during this time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF CORPORAL EDMUND ``ED'' BURKE

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of

Corporal Edmund ``Ed'' Burke of Wilton, Connecticut who will celebrate

his 100th birthday next week.
Born and raised in the Bronx, he attended Fordham Prep High School

and was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1944.
Just eighteen at the time,

Corporal Burke reported for basic training at Camp Wheeler, Georgia

without hesitation, knowing his call to serve came when his country

needed him most.
Assigned to the Seventh Armored Division, he was an Infantry Machine

Gunner in the European theatre of World War II.
He saw action at the

Battle of the Bulge, where his division took over 100,000 German

prisoners, with Corporal Burke personally capturing enemy soldiers.
His

bravery earned him multiple commendations, including: a Bronze Star,

the Purple Heart, ETO ribbon with four battle stars, Presidential Unit

Citation, Meritorious Unit Citation, Belgian Fourregiare, and the

Combat Infantry Badge.
After receiving an honorable discharge in 1946, Corporal Burke

pursued engineering degrees on the G.I. Bill, first at Manhattan

College where he earned his Bachelor of Civil Engineering, later at

Columbia University, where he completed his Masters in the same field.
Throughout his tenure as an engineer, Corporal Burke would join the New

York State Department of Public Works, as well as Corbett, Tinghir &

Co. Engineers, ending his career as a partner at Moran, Proctor,

Mueser, and Rutledge.
There, he was renowned for meticulously and

thoughtfully applying his expertise in foundational engineering to the

projects on which he worked, including over one hundred sites right

here in Washington, D.C.

Corporal Burke's life stands as an all-American success story, one

which we would all do well to share with our constituents as a model of

how service, hard work, and patriotism come together to form a life

well-led.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I

would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to Ed Burke for his service,

our congratulations on reaching this milestone in a full life, and a

sincere happy birthday.
May this be his best one yet.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MICHAEL LAWLER

Mr. LAWLER.
Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of the CLARITY Act

and voted YEA when it was marked up in the House Financial Services

Committee.
I would have voted YEA on this bill, which will foster

investment and job creation in the rapidly growing digital economy.
Had

I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
199, passage of

H.R. 3633.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROMOTING UNITED STATES WIRELESS LEADERSHIP ACT OF 2025

speech of

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker.
I wish to include in the Record the

following letters of exchange between the House Committee on Energy and

Commerce and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs with respect to

H.R. 1765, the Promoting United States Wireless Leadership Act of 2025.
By these letters, the Chairman of the House Committee on Foreign

Affairs agreed to discharge the bill and forgo further consideration of

the measure so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor.
I

agree that this discharge in no way diminishes or alters the

jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or prejudice its

jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in

the future.
House of Representatives,

Committee on Foreign Affairs,

Washington, DC, July 1, 2025.
Hon.
Brett Guthrie,

Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce,

Washington, DC.