Title: CELEBRATING 60 YEARS OF THE CHANNEL ISLANDS HARBOR; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
123

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 60 YEARS OF THE CHANNEL ISLANDS HARBOR

HON.
JULIA BROWNLEY

Ms. BROWNLEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Channel

Islands Harbor, which is celebrating 60 years of rich history, vibrant

community, and natural beauty.
This beautiful gem in my district is Ventura County's first-ever

recreational harbor, nestled between the cities of Port Hueneme and

Ventura.
Since its grand opening to the public on Memorial Day in 1965,

the Channel Islands Harbor has helped transform our region into an

economic engine for both the state and the nation.
Our ports and harbors are vital for driving economic growth, spurring

job creation, uplifting small businesses, fostering community

engagement, generating tourism, protecting coastal ecosystems, and so

much more.
Throughout my time in Congress, I have worked closely with local

leaders and community stakeholders to ensure the harbor remains fully

operational and accessible.
I am proud to have secured millions in

federal funding to meet the harbor's dredging needs, combat coastal

erosion, and keep the harbor accessible to the commercial fishing

industry, supply chain businesses, and the general public.
Thanks to our shared commitment to the dredging and maintenance of

Channel Islands Harbor, nearly 1,500 harbor vessels.
including the

Channel Islands National Park ferries, commercial fishing vessels, and

private boaters have safe and unrestricted access between the open

ocean, Ventura Harbor, and the Ventura Keys.
For over 60 years, the Channel Islands Harbor has given us

breathtaking access to our scenic ocean and stunning natural

landscapes, welcomed tourists to experience the quintessential

California dream with us, and captured the splendor of California's

26th Congressional District to its fullest--all while strengthening our

local economy.
Today, the Channel Islands Harbor continues to play an

invaluable role in making Ventura County a wonderful place to live,

work, and raise a family.
I am proud to mark the 60th anniversary of the Channel Islands

Harbor, and I join our community in honoring this iconic local

landmark.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2026

speech of

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Chair, my amendment supports the circuit

rider health program, which Cannon Air Force Base spearheaded to make

sure military families in rural

communities have access to the specialized care they need.
Just like

the circuit riders of the American frontier who brought church services

to remote towns, today's circuit riders bring child psychiatry,

neurology, and other critical specialties directly to our bases.
Cannon may have pioneered this approach, but rural military

installations across the country could benefit.
Nearly 50 percent of

active-duty bases are in health care deserts, where accessing

specialists often means long drives, missed duty, and high costs.
In

just over a year, Cannon's program served 160 patients, saved $200,000

in travel voucher costs, and reclaimed 1,400 duty hours.
The circuit rider program saves money, improves mission readiness,

and strengthens care for servicemembers and their families.
I urge support for my amendment to expand this cost-effective and

proven model to rural bases nationwide.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DONALD R. DWIGHT

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and mourn the passing

of Mr. Donald Dwight of Holyoke, Massachusetts.
Mr. Dwight was a

Marine, newspaper executive, and dedicated public servant.
Born in

Massachusetts, he attended Deerfield Academy and Princeton before

serving as an active-duty Marine where he earned the rank of captain.
A

man dedicated to his country, Mr. Dwight held multiple public offices,

including serving as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts.
As

Lieutenant Governor, he worked behind the scenes to serve his state and

always stood up for what he felt was right.