House of Representatives,

Committee on Foreign Affairs,

Washington, DC, July 1, 2025.
Hon.
Brett Guthrie,

Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce,

Washington, DC.
Dear Chairman Guthrie: Thank you for consulting with the

Committee on Foreign

Affairs on the text of H.R. 1765, the Promoting United States

Wireless Leadership Act of 2025.
I agree that Foreign Affairs

may be discharged from further consideration of the bill, so

that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor.
This agreement is made with the understanding that it does

not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the

Committee on Foreign Affairs or prejudice our jurisdictional

prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the

future.
I also request your support for the appointment of an

appropriate number of Foreign Affairs conferees to any House-

Senate conference that might occur on this legislation.
I would appreciate it if you could include this letter in

your committee report on the bill or place it into the

Congressional Record during Floor consideration.
I look

forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves

through the legislative process.
Sincerely,

Brian Mast,

Chairman.
____

House of Representatives,

Committee on Energy and Commerce,

Washington, DC, July 7, 2025.
Hon.
Brian Mast,

Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs,

Washington, DC.
Dear Chairman Mast: Thank you for your letter concerning

H.R. 1765, the ``Promoting United States Wireless Leadership

Act of 2025.''
I appreciate your willingness to forgo action

on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House

Floor.
I agree that your decision to forgo action on this bill

does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the

Committee on Foreign Affairs, nor prejudice that Committee's

jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar

legislation in the future.
As you requested, I will include a copy of our exchange of

letters on H.R. 1765 in the committee report on the bill and

in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill

on the House floor.
Thank you again for your assistance on this matter.
Sincerely,

Brett Guthrie,

Chairman.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SERGEANT MAJOR HAROLD M. WATTS, III SERVICE TO THE NATIONAL

GUARD BUREAU

HON.
PAT HARRIGAN

Mr. HARRIGAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express profound gratitude to

Sergeant Major Harold M. Watts, III, Senior Enlisted Leader for the

National Guard Bureau's Office of Legislative Liaison.
From his start

as an Armor Crewman in the North Carolina Army National Guard, he has

risen to serve as the principal legislative advisor to the Senior

Enlisted Advisor to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau.
Nearing 30 years of distinguished service, Sergeant Major Watts

served with valor in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring

Freedom, earning the Bronze Star Medal and Combat Action Badge.
A

graduate of the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy with

advanced degrees, he exemplifies unwavering commitment to excellence.
As a legislative liaison, he has expertly bridged the National Guard

and Congress, leveraging his military construction expeltise to advance

our Nation's security.
As he transitions to his next assignment, I honor his exemplary

service and wish him, his wife Crystal, and their daughters well.
His

legacy endures.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SETH HERNANDEZ, BILLY CARLSON, BRADY EBEL, AND ETHIN

BINGAMAN

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud recognition of four

Corona High School students, Seth Hernandez, Billy Carlson, Brady Ebel,

and Ethin Bingaman who were selected in the 2025 Major League Baseball

Draft.
Seth Hernandez, Billy Carlson, and Brady Ebel were selected in

the First Round on Sunday, and Ethin Bingaman was selected in the

Twentieth Round on Monday.
This is the first time in Major League

Baseball Draft history that three players from the same high school

were drafted in the first round.