She earned many awards for her service, including the Secretary of

the Navy's Distinguished, Superior and Meritorious Public Service

medals, the United States Coast Guard's Distinguished and Meritorious

Public Service medals, and many more.
She also served as a Georgia state senator representing district 3

from January 2021 to January 2023.
She was a devoted wife to Arlie

McNeill, a Navy veteran who passed in 2023, and is remembered as a

loving mother and grandmother.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF KERN ENERGY

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kern Energy on its

remarkable 90 years of service as a vital family-owned and operated

transportation fuel producer in the Southern San Joaquin Valley.
Since

its founding in 1934, Kern Energy has exemplified a resilient ``small

but mighty'' ethos, continuously evolving to meet California's dynamic

energy needs.
As the sole refinery producing gasoline and diesel

between Los Angeles and the Bay Area, Kern Energy plays a crucial role

in fueling both our state's agricultural heartland and its major

transportation networks.
Today, they proudly contribute 1 percent of

California's gasoline and 3 percent of its diesel supply.
Refining up to 27,000 barrels per day of crude oil and producing a

wide range of ``California Clean'' renewable products, Kern Energy's

team of 185 continues to proudly meet the transportation needs of the

Central Valley and the state.
Kern Energy takes a pragmatic approach to

producing the clean energy California needs now and in the future.
With

a focus on driving down the carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel,

reducing the environmental footprint of their facility, and innovating

toward next-generation renewable fuels, their mission is both essential

and commendable.
Throughout its history, Kern Energy has not only adapted to

California's rigorous regulatory landscape but has thrived as an

innovator in renewable fuel production.
A powerhouse for innovation,

they were among the first in the Nation to produce renewable diesel

through bio-feed co-processing and the first small refinery in our

state to blend biodiesel, aligning with California's Low Carbon Fuel

Standard and the Federal Renewable Fuel Standard.
Their efforts have

resulted in over 58 million gallons of renewable diesel and 74 million

gallons of biodiesel blended into their fuels.
Beyond their contributions to clean energy, Kern Energy has been a

steadfast community partner, committed to both economic growth and

environmental stewardship.
Over the years, Kern Energy has demonstrated

a strong commitment to their workforce and the communities they serve,

ensuring that their operations contribute positively to our region's

prosperity.
As we celebrate Kern Energy's 90th anniversary, I commend them for

their leadership in energy innovation and their dedication to

preserving our community's quality of life.
Here's to another 90 years

of excellence, job creation and sustainable solutions as Kern Energy

continues to pave the way for a cleaner, brighter future for

California.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring

Kern Energy.
Let us celebrate their legacy and their ongoing commitment

to advancing California's climate goals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LORNA KEARNEY NAMED OHIO'S 13TH DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize Lorna Kearney of Akron as

Ohio 13's Champion of the Week.
Lorna recently made history at 66 years old when she became the

oldest player to play in the American Women's Football League for her

team, the Detroit Prowl.
Lorna has always had a love for sports, and her passion for football

led to her interest in joining the American Women's Football League.
Unfortunately, the year she was supposed to start playing, she was

diagnosed with breast cancer.
However, Lorna fought hard and won her battle with cancer, and this

year, she played her first game.
Lorna's dedication is an inspiration, not just to her family and

teammates, but to everyone in our community.