Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr.

Sara ``Mandy'' Reece on her appointment as Interim dean of the School

of Pharmacy at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, known

as PCOM.
Dr. Reece has been a part of the Georgia PCOM community since 2010,

having served as the Vice Chair of the Department of Pharmacy Practice

and Director of Interprofessional Education.
Before Joining the PCOM community, Dr. Reece served as a pharmacy

director and diabetes educator at District 2 Public Health in

Gainesville, Georgia.
Dr. Reece's appointment as interim dean is only one of her many

accomplishments, among being named the PCOM School of Pharmacy Teacher

of the Year for Pharmacy Practice in 2019 and Faculty Preceptor of the

Year in 2022 and 2023.
In Dr. Reece's new role as interim dean, she will continue to advance

the great mission of PCOM's School of Pharmacy throughout the state of

Georgia.
I sincerely congratulate Dr. Reece on her accomplishments and share

this excitement with the Georgia PCOM community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
LILLIAN McCLAIN

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor a

distinguished member of my community, Lillian McClain, who is turning

100 years old next month.
Born on September 5, 1924, in Charlotte,

North Carolina, Mrs. McClain spent much of her childhood in Clifton

Forge, Virginia.
Following her graduation from Clifton Forge High

School, she attended Longwood College (now Longwood University) in

Farmville, Virginia, for one year.
She left Longwood to contribute to

the World War II effort, taking a position with the Army at Fort

Bellwood and volunteering at USO clubs in Richmond, Virginia.
During

her time at Fort Bellwood, she met and later married John R. McClain,

Sr.,
on April 11, 1945.
After the war, Mrs. McClain and John resided briefly in Washington,

D.C., where their first son, John, was born.
They soon moved to

Lynchburg, Virginia, where their other sons, David and Mark, were

welcomed into the family.
Throughout her career, Mrs. McClain primarily worked as a bank

teller.
Her unwavering dedication to her community extended far beyond

her career.
She has been an active member of the Methodist Church

throughout her life and has engaged in numerous activities, including

volunteering at her sons' events, participating in community theater,

and singing with the Sweet Adelines.
Mrs. McClain has been a witness to significant historical events and

has gained great knowledge to share with future generations.
Currently, Mrs. McClain resides in New Bern, North Carolina, with her

son John and his wife, Dixie.
It is with great respect and admiration

that I lead my colleagues in recognizing Mrs. McClain for her

extraordinary contributions and the remarkable life she has led in

service to our Great Nation.
I wish Mrs. McClain a very Happy Birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHEILA MOBLEY McNEILL

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the death

of the Honorable Sheila Mobley McNeill who recently passed away at 81

years old in the city where she was born, Brunswick, GA.
Sheila served as Navy League's 42nd national president from 2003 to

2005.
She was the first and only female president in the organization's

121-year history.
Additionally, she spent 58 years with the Navy League where she held

many distinguished positions before becoming its president.
She earned many awards for her service, including the Secretary of

the Navy's Distinguished, Superior and Meritorious Public Service

medals, the United States Coast Guard's Distinguished and Meritorious

Public Service medals, and many more.
She also served as a Georgia state senator representing district 3

from January 2021 to January 2023.
She was a devoted wife to Arlie

McNeill, a Navy veteran who passed in 2023, and is remembered as a

loving mother and grandmother.