Unfortunately, the year she was supposed to start playing, she was

diagnosed with breast cancer.
However, Lorna fought hard and won her battle with cancer, and this

year, she played her first game.
Lorna's dedication is an inspiration, not just to her family and

teammates, but to everyone in our community.
Lorna's dedication to tackle adversity on and off the field is a

shining example of the spirit that makes Ohio's 13th Congressional

District the Birthplace of Champions.
I congratulate Lorna Kearney, for making history and demonstrating

it's never too late to do the things you love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DAVID LUCAS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Lucas for

winning the 2024 Paul Kroegel Refuge Manager of the Year award from the

National Wildlife Refuge Association.
The Paul Kroegel Award honors refuge managers who have made

significant contributions to the protection and management of national

wildlife refuges.
During his time as a manager for the Rocky Flats, Two

Ponds, and Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuges, David

rehabilitated two formerly hazardous waste sites into thriving animal

refuges, oversaw the restoration of 15,000 acres of prairie habitat,

and reintroduced the Black-Footed Ferret to one of his refuges.
He also

expanded access to his refuges by installing ADA accessible e trails

and piers and hiring bilingual rangers.
David's work brought Colorado's

public lands closer to home, ensuring that everyone can learn from and

enjoy our diverse environment.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional district,

it is my honor to congratulate David Lucas on receiving the Refuge

Manager of the Year award and thank him for his remarkable work in

conserving Colorado's public lands.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EUROPEAN GOURMET

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize European

Gourmet of Arvada, Colorado for receiving the Arvada Economic

Development Association's 2024 Outstanding Retailer Award.
Each year,

this award honors an Arvada business that demonstrates an exceptional

contribution to the local economy and commitment to excellence in

service.
Since the Bien family founded the business in 1999, they have worked

hard to offer a wide variety of traditional Polish and Eastern European

treats, such as their sausages, hams, cheeses, bread, pierogies, and

sweets.
Today, European Gourmet has earned the reputation as a top

destination for Polish and Eastern European cuisine in Colorado, with

people from around the state traveling to Arvada to experience their

authentic foods and great service.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate European Gourmet on receiving the

Outstanding Retailer Award and for their contributions to the Arvada

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HENRIKSEN AMPLIFIERS

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Henriksen

Amplifiers of Arvada, Colorado for receiving the Arvada Economic

Development Association's 2024 Lloyd J. King Entrepreneurial Spirit

Award.
Each year, this award recognizes an Arvada company that

demonstrates excellence in entrepreneurial spirit, creative business

practices, and economic innovation.
Bud Henriksen founded Henriksen Amplifiers in 2006 with his son Peter

when a newly acquired jazz guitar led him to make his own amp.
Since

Bud's passing in 2009, Peter Henriksen has carried on his father's

legacy while expanding further into other genres of music.
Henriksen's

contributions to Arvada extend beyond amplifiers: the business has been

committed to investing their time, expertise, and money in local

concerts, artists, and community events, such as the annual Rocky

Mountain Archtop Guitar Festival in Olde Town Arvada.
Henriksen

Amplifiers sets a clear example of how a business can bring more to a

community than just their product.