Since

Bud's passing in 2009, Peter Henriksen has carried on his father's

legacy while expanding further into other genres of music.
Henriksen's

contributions to Arvada extend beyond amplifiers: the business has been

committed to investing their time, expertise, and money in local

concerts, artists, and community events, such as the annual Rocky

Mountain Archtop Guitar Festival in Olde Town Arvada.
Henriksen

Amplifiers sets a clear example of how a business can bring more to a

community than just their product.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Henriksen Amplifiers for receiving the

Lloyd J. King Entrepreneurial Spirit Award and for their contributions

to the Arvada community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LINDSEY HORAN

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lindsey Horan

of Golden, Colorado for representing the United States in Women's

Soccer at the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.
Lindsey is a world-class athlete, having won three championship

titles since she began her professional career in 2012.
She played a

vital role in the United States Women's National Soccer Team (USWNT)

winning the Women's 2019 World Cup and earning the bronze medal during

the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
She returned to the international field as

captain of the team during the 2023 World Cup, where she led the team

to the knockout stage of the tournament.
Lindsey, along with the rest

of the USWNT, has also worked hard to champion equal pay between the

men's and women's national soccer teams.
She is a remarkable athlete,

and her valuable contributions during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games

helped the United States bring home an Olympic gold medal.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional district,

it is my honor to congratulate Lindsey Horan for representing Colorado

and the United States during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MRS.
MARIA RODRIGUEZ MENA

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mrs.

Maria Rodriguez Mena, who passed away on July 1, 2024.
Maria Rodriguez

Mena was born in Aquila, Michoacan, on December 27, 1958, to Maria and

Severo Rodriguez.
At the age of 15, she moved to the United States with

her parents and siblings, where they settled in Visalia.
She later

graduated from the College of the Sequoias.
Mrs. Mena began her career

in broadcasting at KQIQ radio station, initially working in promotions.
She later hosted her own show, ``Mujer a Mujer,'' where she offered

advice on relationships to her listeners.
In 1986, Mrs. Mena married

Patricio Mena, a local realtor and owner of Studio 45.
After her time

at KQIQ, she transitioned into real estate herself, becoming a well-

known and respected realtor within the Latino community.
Throughout her

career, she was passionate about helping families find their ideal

homes.
In 2007, she and her husband remodeled Studio 45 and opened

Giovanni's Pizzeria and Arcade.
Mrs. Mena was deeply committed to

helping improve the lives of others in the Porterville community.
She

was an active participant in Encuentro Matrimonial, helping couples to

resolve their issues.
She also served as president of both the Exchange

Club and the Southeastern Tulare County Republican Women.
She graduated

from Leadership Porterville and was a member of the Zonta Club of

Porterville.
Mrs. Mena was a dedicated parishioner at Holy Cross

Church.
In her free time, she enjoyed spending time with her family and

playing golf with friends.
Mrs. Mena will be remembered for her

kindness, empathy, and passion for the well-being of the Porterville

community.
She is survived by her husband Patricio and their three

children, Pierre, Bonita and Giovanni.
to join me in honoring the incredible life of Mrs. Maria Rodriguez

Mena.
Her dedication to the Porterville community will be felt for

generations to come.