Title: CELEBRATING THE ADAMS FIRE COMPANY 100 YEAR ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
132

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ADAMS FIRE COMPANY 100 YEAR ANNIVERSARY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Adams Fire

Company's 100-

year anniversary.
For a century, the Adams Fire Company has served the

Town of Wheatfield and Niagara County, providing lifesaving fire

protection and EMS services to our community.
In 1924, thirty residents of the Town of Wheatfield came together at

the District 3 Schoolhouse with a goal to establish a fire department

in Nashville, NY.
Charter members George Tollner, Walter Tollner,

William Adams, William Gombert, Albert Beutel, and Benjamin Tollner saw

the pressing need for a fire department in their town after their

friend Fred Zastrow's barn burned to the ground.
The building of the Adams Fire Company was a true community effort.
William Adams, the fire company's namesake, donated a lot on Niagara

Falls Boulevard for the new station; the original building still stands

today.
The 30 founding members built the fire station, with material

donated from local lumber yards and monetary donations collected from

the community fund they established.
Further, the Adams Fire Company has been a cornerstone of the Niagara

County community, hosting numerous events for residents.
From field

days and dances to pie sales and bingo night fundraisers, the Adams

Fire Company has shown its unwavering dedication to serving our

community.
In 2023, the Adams Fire Company ran 754 calls, 586 Emergency Medical

Service calls, and provided mutual aid 46 times.
Under the steadfast

leadership of Fire Chief Donald Lauer, the Adams Fire Company has

continued to keep the Town of Wheatfield and Niagara County communities

safe and protected.
Please join me in congratulating the Adams Fire Company on their

100th anniversary and thanking them for their incredible service to the

Western New York community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CHRIS POA NAMED OHIO'S 13TH DISTRICT CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Chris Poa of

Hudson as Ohio 13's Champion of the Week.
Chris has been a Hudson U.S. Postal worker for 29 years, and

recently, his awareness and quick-thinking helped save the life of an

elderly woman.
Chris was on his delivery route when he noticed one of the residents

he delivers to, a 91-year-old woman, had not picked up her mail in a

few days.
Chris often chatted with the resident, and his concern prompted him

to call in a wellness check for her.
When EMS arrived, they found that the older woman had fallen in her

home and was unable to get up.
Thanks to Chris's attentiveness, EMS was able to take the woman to

the hospital for treatment.
Chris was awarded the Hudson EMS Life Saving Award for his actions.
And his selflessness and compassion is a shining example of the

spirit that makes our district the Birthplace of Champions--a place

where neighbors care for each other and look out for one another.
I thank Chris Poa for his continued dedication to serving our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DR.
SARA ``MANDY'' REECE

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr.

Sara ``Mandy'' Reece on her appointment as Interim dean of the School

of Pharmacy at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, known

as PCOM.
Dr. Reece has been a part of the Georgia PCOM community since 2010,

having served as the Vice Chair of the Department of Pharmacy Practice

and Director of Interprofessional Education.
Before Joining the PCOM community, Dr. Reece served as a pharmacy

director and diabetes educator at District 2 Public Health in

Gainesville, Georgia.