As I have mentioned, this is an important issue, and I look forward to discussing it in more detail.
Work to assess the risks of PFAS, and to inform policy and regulatory approaches—including banning or highly restricting certain chemicals and addressing issues caused by their historical use—is continuing.
The nature of PFAS chemicals and their persistence once in the environment means that there are no quick fixes, but this is a global challenge.
Innovation in suitable PFAS alternatives is  needed, and we are working to harness industry leadership in the transition away from PFAS.
I assure the hon.
Lady that work on this issue is ongoing.
What his planned timetable is for the introduction of legislation to ban imports of hunting trophies.
May I wish you, Mr Speaker, all the staff of the House, and all those in our public services who will be working over the weekend a very merry Christmas and a safe and successful new year?
The UK has a long history of championing the global conservation of endangered species.
We are in the process of extending the Ivory Act 2018 to include four further species—hippopotamus, killer whale, narwhal and sperm whale—in addition to elephants.
The Government have also committed to banning the import of hunting trophies.
We are considering the most effective way to do so.
It has been 10 years since the senseless killing of Cecil the lion.
It is still legal to import hunting trophies into this country.
There has for a long time been cross-party support for banning trophy hunting.
In 2023, the Labour party asked the then Conservative Government, “What is stopping you bringing in legislation?
Stop the dither and delay.”
Why are this Government still dithering and delaying?
With the greatest of respect, the hon.
Lady’s party was in government for five years, and the Conservative party was in government for 14 years.
It is always good after five months in office to be criticised for previous failures.
I agree with the hon.
Lady that the Conservatives cannot be trusted on animal welfare.
They failed to pass the Hunting Trophies (Import Prohibition) Bill, which would have stopped selfish hunters who slaughter and display endangered animals’ body parts for their own perverse self-gratification, and they dropped the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, which would have ended puppy smuggling, puppy farming and pet theft.
As I say, we are looking for a suitable legislative vehicle, and we will do it in Government time.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
This time of year brings festive cheer, but it also brings the Boxing day hunts.
Alongside many of my constituents, I am keen to see an end to the smoke- screen that is trail hunting.
Following the last Labour Government’s historic foxhunting ban, will the Minister confirm this Labour Government’s commitment to banning trail hunting once and for all?
We have indeed committed to a ban on trail hunting, which will provide significant protections to wild animals, including foxes and hares.
Work to determine the best approach for doing so is ongoing, and further announcements will be made in due course.
What progress he has made on reducing pollution in waterways.
The public are sick and tired of the scandal of sewage polluting our rivers, lakes and seas.
That is why we are taking immediate action to place water companies under special measures through a new Bill that will give the regulator the power to ban the payment of undeserved bonuses for polluting water companies and bring criminal charges against persistent lawbreakers.
We are also carrying out the biggest review of the water sector since privatisation to shape further legislation that will transform how our water system works and clean up our rivers, lakes and seas for good.
Last year, there were 3,366 hours of sewage dumping into the rivers and streams of Altrincham and Sale West, leaving Sinderland brook, the Bollin and other waterways in a terrible condition.
Will the Secretary of State outline further how the Government’s Water (Special Measures) Bill will ensure the end of sewage dumping into the rivers and streams of my constituency for good?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a champion for clean rivers in his constituency.
As I said, the Bill will ban the payment of undeserved bonuses to water executives who are responsible for this kind of pollution, and will ensure instead that money is spent where it should always have been spent: on fixing the infrastructure, so that we can stop once and for all the kinds of sewage scandals that are creating the river pollution his constituents are so aghast to see on their doorstep.
Merry Christmas to you and your staff, Mr Speaker.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on water pollution.
While I welcome the limited measures that the Government are taking to tackle pollution from the water industry, there is an elephant in the room, because agricultural pollution is just as important a source of pollution in our rivers, lakes and seas.
What will the Secretary of State do to tackle the problem of agricultural pollution with the same degree of urgency and focus, and how will he support farmers—who themselves stand ready to take action to tackle this problem—by providing the funding, support and clear regulatory enforcement that is needed for a level playing field?