Mr Speaker, I wish you and all a merry Christmas.
We know that electronic and similar goods in landfill can leach into our waterways and affect water quality.
Will Ministers reintroduce water restoration funding, as part of the package of measures they were talking about earlier, so that the River Tone and bathing stations elsewhere across the country can benefit from cleaner water?
Our policy is certainly intended to tackle fly-tipping and stop persistent organic pollutants entering the environment, but I will have to consult the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , before answering on that detailed point.
What steps his Department is taking to improve the dredging of rivers.
Dredging can be a useful option for managing flood risk, usually as part of a wider approach, where it is technically effective, cost- effective and does not significantly increase flood risk for others.
Of course, we need to adopt the best solution for each place.
I wish a merry Christmas to one and all.
My constituents in Boston and Skegness are very concerned that the Environment Agency is unable to properly maintain riverbanks and properly dredge rivers in order to protect homes and livelihoods because of the very demanding requirements of Natural England regarding the protection of badgers and water voles, which means that the priorities are wrong.
Will the Minister meet me and senior people at the Environment Agency to ensure that we get these priorities correct?
Dredging used to be commonplace, but some evidence shows that it can speed up flow and potentially increase the risk of flooding downstream.
There are currently no plans for any further dredging in Boston and Skegness, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and the EA area manager to discuss this further.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of safeguarding high-grade agricultural land.
We all know that food security is national security, and most of us also recognise that the impacts of climate change and nature loss pose a significant risk to domestic production, so it is very important that  we use our land carefully.
Consequently, the Government will be introducing a land use framework to ensure that we protect our most productive agricultural land.
High-grade agricultural land in Mid Bedfordshire has been farmed for generations, and it is critical for our food security and our freedom, but it is under extreme pressure.
We have talked this morning about climate change and flooding, and also about the Government’s family farm tax.
What has not been mentioned so much is urban sprawl, which is a major threat to high-grade agricultural land.
We live in an uncertain world and we need our country to feed itself.
Considering the threat, will the Minister guarantee that high-grade agricultural land will be protected by this Government?