Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to the Front Bench, and congratulate the former Solicitor General, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green
(Sarah Sackman) , on her promotion to Minister of State in the Ministry of Justice.
It is sometimes difficult to keep up with this Government’s pace.
Given that the Crown court backlog stands at over 73,000 and trials are being listed for 2027, victims are awaiting justice for an unacceptably long time, with the consequence that many no longer feel able to support the process.
How is the Solicitor General working, through the CPS, to ensure that victims facing a wait of between two and three years for trials stay the course?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his kind words, and I look forward to appearing before his Committee on  15 January .
He is right to say that we need to be doing much more to support victims.
He alluded to the review of the Crown courts; he will also know that the Lord Chancellor is taking steps to reduce the Crown court case load by increasing funding for sitting days, and further sitting days were announced yesterday—an extra 2,000, I believe.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates in cases of violence against women and girls.
This Government have pledged to halve violence against women and girls within a decade as part of our plan for change, and securing prosecutions will be key to that.
Our commitment to tackling violence against women and girls in this way is unprecedented, and it will require a wholesale change in how we think about and deal with these kinds of offences.
Only through a truly cross-Government effort can it be achieved.
As Solicitor General, I will work with colleagues in the Ministry of Justice and the Home Office to ensure that we deliver on that commitment.
May I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place?
I know she will do a fantastic job.
Crown Prosecution Service guidance recognises that perpetrators of economic abuse harm their victim-survivors not just during a relationship, but long after it has finished.
When will CPS guidance be updated to reflect post-separation controlling and coercive behaviour being made a criminal offence, and what training on recognising such abuse is offered to the CPS?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He has been working on this issue with survivors of economic abuse, and I know that he cares about it very deeply.
Domestic abuse can take many insidious forms, and we must do everything we can to ensure that we are equipped to spot it and tackle it.
The guidance to which he refers was updated earlier this year and is under regular review.
I can also confirm that the CPS will take part in a further knowledge-sharing event on economic abuse, which will be delivered for police and prosecutors as part of the domestic abuse joint justice plan.
My family knows what domestic abuse looks like, but the law does not.
That is because there is no specific offence of domestic abuse in the law, which means that many abusers are convicted of things like common assault or actual bodily harm.
For victims and survivors, that does not reflect the full gravity of the offence, and it also means that abusers qualify for early release schemes.
Women’s Aid is backing my Bill, which would create a dedicated set of domestic abuse aggravated offences in the law.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss my Bill, so that we can better respect and protect survivors?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
We are strengthening the law and the criminal justice system to improve prosecutions for violence against women and girls, and to better support victims.