We are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act, which aims to prevent the theft and re-sale of high-value equipment, particularly for use in an agricultural setting, as my hon.
Friend describes.
He will know that the Minister for Policing, Fire and Crime Prevention takes this matter very seriously and is working closely with the automotive industry to ensure the most robust responses possible to these crimes.
I am also happy to raise the matter with my hon.
Friend’s local chief Crown prosecutor.
Farmers across Luton South and South Bedfordshire have frequently raised with me the issue of fly-tipping on their land.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to implement stronger laws to prevent fly-tipping.
Will the Solicitor General, working with colleagues across Government, also commit to review and update sentencing guidelines for courts to make prosecuting fly-tippers more consistent and ensure more stringent fines are applied for the worst offenders?
Fly-tipping is a scourge both in urban and rural areas, which is why we are clamping down on it by forcing environmental vandals to clean up the mess they create.
We are taking a cross-Government approach, aligned with our safer streets mission.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will be reassured to know that, working with ministerial colleagues, we are setting out a new strategy that will address antisocial behaviour and fly-tipping, and restore public confidence in policing.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of perpetrators of misdemeanours.
The Government are committed to tackling criminality of all types.
We have set out our plan for change, which includes putting 13,000 more police officers and PCSOs on the beat, and bringing back neighbourhood policing.
Next year, the Crown Prosecution Service will receive an additional £49 million of funding to help recruit and train more prosecutors, enabling them to focus on securing justice in all cases, from minor offences right through to the most serious crimes.