I wish a merry Christmas to everyone in the House, and also to everyone in our farming, food, hospitality and water sectors.
But not everyone will be able to celebrate Christmas.
In recent weeks, a farmer took himself off to a remote part of his farm and killed himself.
The message he left his family, who wish to remain anonymous, is that he did this because he feared becoming a financial burden to his family because of changes to inheritance tax.
This is the human cost of the figures that the Secretary of State provides so casually.
What does the Secretary of State say to that grieving family?
I extend my heartfelt sympathies to that family, but I think it is irresponsible in the extreme to seek to weaponise a personal tragedy of that kind in this way.
Where there is mental ill health, there needs to be support for that, and this Government are investing in it.
The right hon.
Lady knows from the last year for which data is available that the vast majority of claimants will pay absolutely nothing following the changes to agricultural property relief.
How heartless and how extraordinary that the Secretary of State is more discomfited by being presented with the facts of the consequences of his policy than the reality of what this policy ensures.
I was a Minister for seven and a half years, and I have never seen a policy have the consequences that this one has.
[Interruption.]
Members of the public will see Labour Members reacting in that way because I have dared to present them with the facts.
We know that there is a tragically high suicide rate among the farming community.
The National Farmers Union gave evidence about this, and the Secretary of State has been told repeatedly.
Will he collect data on a monthly basis of suicides from farmers, farming families, landowners and family businesses, so that we, the House and the outside community can understand the human costs of this tax policy before it comes into force?
Mental health services are the responsibility of the national health service, and the former Health Secretary, who broke the NHS, is in no position to lecture anybody about public services.
She was no friend of the health service and mental health services, and she is no friend of farming.
Some 12,000 farms went bust on the Conservatives’ watch.
They failed to get £300 million out the door and into the pockets and bank accounts of farmers, and they signed a trade deal with Australia that undercut British farmers on environmental and welfare standards.
I hear the posturing, but it is this Government who are standing up for farming.
I recently met farmers in the northern parishes of my constituency, and they told me about the urgent need for improved water management to protect farmland.
They want to establish an internal drainage board for flood management, but they cannot take action to set it up until the necessary statutory instrument is in place.
Given the importance of establishing an IDB in my area, will the Minister commit to working with me and stakeholders to reduce flood risks, and will she outline when the statutory instrument for an IDB in my area might be put before the House?
I would be delighted to work with my hon.
Friend on this important issue.
The Association of Drainage Authorities is on the flood resilience taskforce, and the statutory instrument will be laid as soon as parliamentary time allows.
A farmer in my constituency tells me that even in a good year he is lucky to see much beyond £20,000 in profit.
With margins as wafer thin as that, regular farming barely qualifies as investable at all.
The risk of losing a huge slice of that farm to inheritance tax at random intervals would not only go to putting this generation out of business, but go a long way towards ensuring that they can never be replaced.
Does the Minister agree that this measure— Order.
We need to get our act together.
This is the shortest set of topical questions and I will not be able to get many Members in.
We have to remember what topicals are always about.
I hope you have got the gist of the question, Minister.
The point that farmers need to get a better return from their business is well made, and that is exactly what this Government will be addressing.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker, and to your team and to colleagues across the House.
My constituents have long felt the impacts of flooding, and many residents have been isolated in rural areas after a storm.
I have recently produced a flooding report.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss it, so that I can support the work of the Department?
There is a very easy and short answer to that: I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
North Cornwall has world-class beaches and rivers, but Santa swims have been cancelled due to the constant dumping of raw sewage.
Meanwhile, water companies receive millions from bill payers, but then the very next day, they give it away to their shareholders.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the best gift he could give my constituents this Christmas would be a total ban on water bill rises until South West Water bosses finally end this scandal?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the scandalous situation that the previous Government left our waterways in, with record levels of pollution and raw sewage filthying our rivers, lakes and seas.
I have appointed Sir Jon Cunliffe to lead a commission to review governance and regulation so that we can stop it ever happening again.