I am happy to support my hon.
Friend, who makes an excellent point, in his work with local providers.
He congratulates me, but the work has been done mainly by the Minister for Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , and by the Secretary of State, who have personally taken on this issue.
They are visiting hospices today, so they could not be here even though they wanted to.
We are committed to supporting people throughout their life, from diagnosis to end of life.
I have been contacted by vast numbers of families and relatives of those who have been wonderfully cared for by Sue Ryder Manorlands hospice in Oxenhope in the Worth valley.
They are all concerned about the impact that the rise in employer national insurance will have on them.
Those at Manorlands are deeply concerned that it will cost them hundreds of thousands of pounds.
In answering the urgent question, the Minister has announced additional funding, but can she confirm whether it will cover the cost of those rises to Sue Ryder Manorlands hospice in my constituency?
Did the Government carry out an impact assessment of the negative impacts that the Budget would have on those in the charitable and hospice sectors?
The hon.
Gentleman asks the same question again.
Through the Budget, this Government have allocated more money to the health service than the previous Government—a record announcement—and we have announced money again this morning.
To govern is to choose.
The last Government neither governed well nor chose to support the health sector from diagnosis to end of life; this Government have, and will continue to do so.
Some weeks before the Budget, I visited both St Catherine’s hospice and St Peter and St James hospice, which serve my constituents.
I had not expected how quiet and empty those hospices were, because of the empty beds and mothballed wings  that had been closed due to a lack of funding.
Evidently, the funding crisis in the hospice sector was very deep before the Budget, but the Budget has only made it worse through the NIC increases.
As such, I will try again: will the welcome funding announced today cover the cost of those NIC increases?
As Lord Darzi’s report announced, the entire sector has been under pressure and struggling since the disastrous Lansley reforms—they were part of the coalition Government—through to when we took over in July.
We will fix the NHS and rebuild it to make it more sustainable and fit for the future.
That includes everything from diagnosis to end of life care.
For my sins, I too will be running the London marathon next year.
I will be running to raise money for Keech hospice; I know, as do other hon.
Members who represent constituencies in Bedfordshire, what fantastic work that hospice does and the care it provides to our county.
The Minister has been asked lots of times to comment on the impact of the NIC increases, which are going to hurt hospices in constituencies all around the country, so may I ask the question in a slightly different way?
Does the Minister think that Keech hospice, taken in the round, will be financially better off or worse off next year as a result of both the Budget and this announcement that she has been dragged to the House to make?
I have not been dragged—I am very happy to be here.
The reality is that the health sector in its entirety, from diagnosis to end of life care, will be better off this year than it was last year or the year before under the hon.
Gentleman’s Government.
I place on record my thanks to all those in my constituency who will be caring for others over Christmas, whether they are unpaid family carers or paid care providers.
That includes the registered nurses and registered care providers who have written to me to say that there will be an extra cost of £615 per employee as a result of the changes in the Budget.
I will not attempt to ask whether the money announced today will cover national insurance   contributions, but I will ask what the Government will do to help registered care providers.
Where will the money come from to enable them to meet their increased national insurance contributions?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, this Government have allocated an extra £12 billion in this year for the health and care sector.
The full allocation to cover the entire area of health and social care will be announced in the new year.
It would be churlish of anybody in this Chamber not to welcome the money that the Government are setting aside.
I thank the Minister and the Government for that announcement, but what discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues to secure exemptions from national insurance contribution hikes for hospice workers?
I think of Marie Curie—I spoke about that charity yesterday in Westminster Hall, and the Minister probably has a Marie Curie in her constituency.
We know what that charity does.
Unlike the mainstream NHS, it will not be exempted, yet it carries out the end of life care that the NHS simply cannot provide.
Further, what help will be provided to carers in the community?
The withdrawal of their service would leave the care system decimated.
The hon.
Member makes an excellent point about carers and their support.
We made announcements about that in the Budget, and we will make more general announcements about allocations in the new year.
May I gently say that I know you welcome being here, Minister, but it would have been easier if the announcement had come as a statement rather than through having to grant an urgent question?
When Ministers are going out—quite rightly—to visit hospices, we should be told at the same time.
It would be nicer and easier for us all to do it that way, but I thank the Minister for coming.