Does the Minister agree that the amazing staff at Overgate hospice in my constituency should be focused this Christmas on caring for their patients and not on funding?
Will she confirm that this funding allows them to do so?
Also, in April I will be running the London marathon for the Overgate hospice’s big build appeal.
Will the Minister sponsor me?
That is possibly one of the cheekiest questions I have ever heard asked here, and I am obviously going to have to say yes.
Frankly, rather him than me, but good luck to my hon.
Friend on doing that.
I know that many hon.
Members raise money for their local constituencies and that the marathon is an important part of that.
We understand how different hospices are funded differently throughout the country.
We want to make sure that end of life care, with all the different options that people have in their local systems, is well supported.
It is really important for people to have some of that security, and I know that this announcement will be welcomed by my hon.
Friend’s local hospice, as it is by the sector today.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The St Helena Hospice in Colchester, which serves my constituency and that of  the Labour hon.
Member for Colchester (Pam Cox) , estimates that the national insurance increase will cost it £300,000 in a full year.
Can the Minister now give a guarantee that the hospice will be compensated by the Government in full?
It is good to hear the hon.
Gentleman supporting his local hospice with his neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Pam Cox) .
We will announce allocations for the whole sector and the NHS in the usual way in the new year.
St Giles Hospice in my constituency has funding challenges like any other.
One thing that staff mentioned to me was the sustainability of when they are contracted to do things.
Is the Department considering the timing and not just the funding, to enable better planning and better staff planning?
Yes, stability and understanding longer-term planning is important for this sector as well as for many others.
Certainly, we want to make sure that we work with the sector and the wider NHS, so that we deliver our longer-term 10-year plan, but get to that process in the next few years.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
St Luke’s Hospice in my constituency covers the whole of Brent and Harrow.
I helped to form it back in the 1980s.
The staff tell me that the biggest problem they face is that, every time there is an increase in nurses or doctors’ pay, it is never passed on to them, so they have to find the money from charitable giving.
The Minister’s announcement of extra money is of course welcome, but she has failed to answer the question: will it cover the national insurance increase, or not?
All hon.
Members support their local hospices, which I know is important, but I have to remind the House of the parlous state of the sector that we inherited after 14 years of the previous Government.
If Conservative Members, many of whom were part of that Government, had wanted to rectify the way in which hospice funding was allocated, or indeed that end of life care was managed, they had plenty of opportunity to do so.
This Government have hit the ground running.
We have fast-tracked these measures, and this announcement today is clearly a part of that.
I hope that they all welcome it; it is just a shame that they did not do it themselves.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
May I welcome this record investment in our hospices from the Labour Government?
The Conservative Government had 14 years to do that, but they shirked that responsibility.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the amazing staff and volunteers at Saint Michael’s Hospice and Demelza hospice in my constituency who do such amazing work all year round to support families and children who need amazing care?
I am delighted to support my hon.
Friend in the work that she has been doing with St Michael’s and Demelza hospices.
She is absolutely right to highlight that, and I hope that she will be able to meet the staff in the new year and discuss how they can best use some of this funding.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and all the House staff, a very merry Christmas.
Following on from  the hon.
Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) , next year I will be taking part in a strictly dancing competition for my local Rowcroft Hospice.
However, I am pretty sure that, even if all the Members in this House sponsored me, I would not be able to raise the £225,000 needed by Rowcroft to cover the additional national insurance contribution payments that it will have to make.
Will this extra funding, which is very welcome, be additional funding, or will it be just enough to cover the extra costs that have been imposed on the hospice sector through the increase in national insurance contributions in the recent Budget?
I have to say that dancing is more my style than marathon running, so I wish the hon.
Lady luck with that.
At least she did not ask me for any money.
I refer her to my earlier answer: this is additional money to support the hospice sector.
It is a £100 million boost for adult and children’s hospices to ensure that they have the best physical environment for care, and £26 million in revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
We look forward to working with the sector in order to best deploy that in the New Year.
Merry Christmas to you and your team, Mr Speaker.
Our hospices do an amazing job, and I look forward to visiting my local hospice in the next few days, but Scottish hospices have warned that they might have to turn patients away because of the funding crisis that they face under the SNP.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government must at least match the level  of investment that she has announced today?
They must have a similar level of ambition for Scottish hospices, and provide fresh investment for our hospices, which do an amazing job in Scotland.
As my hon.
Friend highlights, this is a devolved issue for the Scottish Government.
We hope that they match our ambition, as she rightly puts it.
I wish her well with her local hospice, and I hope that the Scottish Government take note of what we are doing here in England.
Over 7,000 charities and voluntary groups have written an open letter to the Chancellor warning that the national insurance increase will cost them £1.4 billion and have a devastating impact.
At this time of the year, ahead of Christmas, many charities, including hospices, are trying to raise funds.
I know that the Chancellor did not go into politics to be the Grinch who stole Christmas for charities, so will the Minister please look at this again, and exempt charities and voluntary groups, including hospices, from this cruel tax increase, which is sucking up good will and donations and really hurting valuable charities?
The hon.
Gentleman was a Government Minister, so he had plenty of opportunities to change the system, had he wanted to do so at the time.