Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
I have had reports of people carrying machetes in Livingstone Walk, an area in Grovehill, Hemel Hempstead, with the Dacorum local crime unit investigating one incident of alleged robbery at knifepoint.
Knife crime is not our only issue in Hemel; we have the highest rate of antisocial behaviour in the county, and we are the most dangerous town in Hertfordshire.
That is a direct result of Conservative Governments taking 20,000 police off our streets nationwide, removing 60p out of every pound from local authority budgets and failing to act on antisocial behaviour.
What further steps is the Solicitor General taking to ensure that violent thugs are not allowed to run riot and are brought to justice?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this important matter.
Knife-enabled robberies surged under the previous Government, which is why the Home Secretary has made tackling these offences an urgent priority.
Enforcement is key, and that is why we are putting police back on the beat with a named officer for every neighbourhood.
I commend the Government for acting swiftly to ban ninja swords, seize zombie-style knives and crack down on the illegal online sale of these weapons.
It will reassure communities such as mine in Ilford South, which sadly knows all too well the deadly effect of these weapons, with a number of heinous attacks this year where teenagers lost their lives.
What are the Government doing to support the victims of knife crime and their families?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point.
Many of our constituents will have gone through the same pain as his.
That is why we are taking strong action on knife crime, banning lethal weapons and working to ensure that dangerous blades do not end up in the wrong hands.
This September, it became illegal to possess zombie-style knives and machetes, and we are bringing forward legislation to ban the ninja swords to which he refers.
Merry Christmas to you and the team, Mr Speaker.
A couple of weeks ago, people in West Bromwich were met with the terrifying sight of young people wearing balaclavas and wielding machetes running around the town centre in broad daylight.
It was a shocking, dangerous incident that has put people off going into the town centre.
What is the Solicitor General doing to work with other Ministers to crack down on these zombie-style knives and ensure our town centres are safe?
I am very sorry to hear about that shocking incident in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and she is right to raise it in this House.
These kinds of weapons have absolutely no place on our streets.
That is why this Government took quick action to ensure it was illegal to possess machetes.
I hope and expect that there will be timely prosecutions in this case.
I congratulate the Solicitor General on taking up her position.
As a former trauma surgeon, I have seen at first hand the devastating effect of knife and other serious violent crime, so I welcome the Government’s specific commitment to halving knife crime within a decade.
However, on the broader commitment on serious violent crime, no specifics have been provided to date.
Will the Solicitor General tell the House which crimes are to be included, and the date by which that will be achieved?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that knife crime is still too high—more than 50,000 instances in the year to June 2024.
He is also right to highlight that this Government are taking strong action to combat knife crime.
We know that effective local policing is vital to tackling knife crime, which is why we are putting 13,000 more police and police community support officers on our streets, because we are determined to make our streets safe.
The Home Secretary has also commissioned a rapid review to understand how these weapons are sold online and delivered to under-18s and identify gaps in legislation and the most effective ways to stop this.
Last month, Thames Valley police’s Wokingham neighbourhood team attended Bohunt school in Arborfield, where they presented to young people the dangers of carrying knives.
Early intervention is key to deterring children from violence, and police officers play a crucial role in that.
What conversations has the Solicitor General had with her Home Office colleagues on the link between police officer numbers and effective recording of the prevention of knife crime?
Has the Solicitor General expressed concerns to her colleagues about the potential decrease in the number of Thames Valley police officers?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight these issues in this House.
Key to prevention and early intervention is our programme of young futures hubs and prevention partnerships.
Our young futures hubs will bring together services to improve the ways that young people can access the support they need, and our prevention partnerships will proactively identify the young people most at risk and map youth service provision to ensure there is a clear understanding of the support available in each area.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and your team a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
I thank you for all your kindness to everyone in this House in the past year.
I wish the Solicitor General all the best in her new role.
I share hon.
Members’ concerns about knife crime, which is truly horrific.
The impact it has on families is great.
I have a specific question, so I am happy to receive a written answer.
How many under-18s across the United Kingdom in the past 12 months have been: (a) cautioned; (b) charged; and (c) convicted of knife crime offences?
Good luck with that one!
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
He will appreciate that I do not have those statistics to hand, but I am more than happy to write to him.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
Reliable and effective local policing is the foundation for keeping all our constituents safe, whether they live in a city, a town or a rural area.
That is why the Government are putting more police officers and PCSOs on the beat.
Our plan for change will ensure every neighbourhood has a named contactable police officer in their community to deal with local issues.