I wish you and your team, Mr Speaker, and everyone in the House a very merry Christmas, and I welcome the Solicitor General to her place.
However, I am afraid that it will not be a merry Christmas for all my constituents.
Rural crime in North Cornwall is on the rise, from rural theft to increased drug trafficking.
County lines drug gangs are grooming and recruiting children as young as nine to traffic drugs, while elderly and vulnerable constituents have been cuckooed in their own homes by the gangs.
What steps is the Solicitor General taking to work with the police to increase the number of prosecutions of the ringleaders of these ruthless gangs that blight our communities and expose our young people to violence and crime?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this important and pressing issue.
We know that those who commit such crimes, including crimes in our rural communities, are some of the most manipulative criminals in society.
The Crown Prosecution Service supplies early investigative advice to law enforcement agencies to build strong cases and ensure the robust prosecution of those involved in county lines.
I am determined that we will continue to do everything we can to prevent young people from being drawn into crime and to stop this exploitation.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to improve support for victims of crime.
One of my priorities as Solicitor General and the priority of the Director for Public Prosecutions, whom I met earlier this week, is tackling the intolerable backlog in our courts and transforming  the way in which we support victims of crime.
The Prime Minister has set out our plan for change, which will restore confidence in our criminal justice system.
We have worked with the CPS to make recent changes to its processes in order to improve communication with victims, strengthen the victims’ right to review scheme, reduce the rates of victim attrition, and reduce delays.
You will know, Mr Speaker, that Edmund Burke said: “Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society”, but injustice reigns when victims feel that the cause of their plight is being neglected.
Such was the case in Sutton Bridge, where a constituent of mine, a six-year-old girl, suffered the dreadful event of indecent exposure.
The man was known in the community and was reported by the father of the child, and CCTV footage was available.
When crimes of that kind are not investigated properly, people lose their faith in justice.
We must deal with those crimes, in the interests of the very justice that Edmund Burke recommended.
I am very sorry to hear of the incident in the right hon.
Member’s constituency; that is indeed appalling.
It is vital for this type of conduct to be taken seriously, and policing is key to that.
We need more police officers and police community support officers, which is why, as part of our plan for change, we have promised to put 13,000 more police officers and PCSOs back on the beat with a named officer for every neighbourhood.
We also need to improve the experiences of victims within our criminal justice system, and that includes better communication between victims and the CPS.