The Secretary of State was asked— What reforms he has made to funding for flood protection.
What reforms he has made to funding for flood protection.
Mr Speaker, merry Christmas to you and all your staff.
I put on the record my sympathy with everyone affected by water outages in Southampton; I discussed the matter with the chief executive officer yesterday.
We will have a public consultation in the new year on the formula that allocates flood defence funding, to ensure that the challenges facing businesses in rural and coastal communities are adequately taken into account.
Protecting communities from flooding is a top priority, and later today I will have a winter flood preparedness meeting.
I thank everyone who will be on duty over the Christmas period.
My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South has many farmers, some of whom are personal friends.
On their behalf, I ask the Minister to update the House on the funds that the Government are making available via the farming recovery fund to support farmers impacted by last year’s severe weather.
The Government recognise the awful impact that flooding has had on the farming community.
We are releasing £60 million via the farming recovery fund to support farmers impacted by last year’s severe weather—£10 million more than was planned by the previous Government—and £55.7 million has been paid out to over 12,700 farm businesses.
While the far right and shamefully even some MPs in this House are busy denying climate change and trying to turn it into the latest culture war, people in our communities are paying the price.
More and more severe floods are devastating people’s lives, as  we have seen again in recent weeks, and I am afraid it will only get worse.
Does the Minister agree that it is an absolute disgrace that the last Government left our flood defences in the worst state on record, and that fixing that has to be a national priority and a key part of preparing for climate change?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government left flood defences in a state of disrepair—the worst state on record—leaving 60,000 homes exposed.
That is why this Government will invest £2.4 billion into defences over the next two years.
In Fylde, a number of new housing developments over the years have been constructed in flood areas where the developers knew that the construction sites had flooded, yet they still sold properties without disclosing that to buyers, and in some circumstances they had not constructed the flood defence requirements—the mitigations on site—to spec.
Both residents and councils have felt powerless to get developers to correct what they should have got right in the first place, and a number of properties have flooded several times since people purchased them.
What plans does the Minister have to give residents and councils more power to hold developers to account when they do not properly construct developments or disclose information about flooding?
I share the hon.
Gentleman’s upset about the rules on housing and flooding not being implemented by the previous Government.
We need more sustainable urban drainage in more developments, and it is important that it is built into planning applications to begin with.
If he would like to contact me, I can look into the matter in more detail for him.
Across Huntingdon, flooding continues to be an issue that impacts a huge number of constituents, with flooding almost inevitable every time it rains.
Alconbury flood group is a leading flood group in the constituency, and Charles Dalleywater has been a driving force in implementing flood mitigation measures, such as the recently opened alderman’s retention pond at Sallows farm that was planned by the flood group after funding was provided by Anglian Water, Huntingdonshire district council and Cambridgeshire county council.
What funding is available from the Government to facilitate the construction of further retention ponds?