Stoke-on-Trent is wonderfully served by the Dougie Mac and Donna Louise hospices.
They are part of a healthcare system in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent that the Minister knows has a £90 million projected deficit.
What oversight will there be to ensure that the money that goes to the ICBs reaches the hospices and that the team in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent do not try to use some of this welcome new money to fill holes elsewhere?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point —one that was raised earlier.
It is vital that ICBs work with all providers to understand the needs and how they are best met.
I know he will be diligent, as he already has been, in pursuing what is happening with the funding with his local ICB.
We will work with Hospice UK to ensure that that happens across the piece.
The hon.
Member for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward)  calls for a fresh approach by the SNP Government in Holyrood, but she clearly expects us to do that with fresh air, because part of the £750 million additional cost from the national insurance contributions will fall on hospices.
On Tuesday, she had the opportunity to vote against that cost.
Will the Minister confirm that there will be Barnett consequentials for Scotland?
How will she address the problems that Marie Curie in Scotland faces?
I admire the hon.
Gentleman for keeping on the same wicket.
In the Budget, this Government made the greatest allocation to the health sector.
What the Scottish Government do with their consequentials and how they manage that is entirely a matter for them, and if they are not doing a good job, the public need to vote for someone else.
I wish you, the team and all the wonderful staff on the parliamentary estate a merry Christmas.
I very much welcome this big investment into local hospices, and I know it will be welcomed by my local children’s hospice Forget Me Not and Kirkwood hospice, which do invaluable work in my constituency.
What assessment has the Minister carried out on long-term sustainable funding for the sector, particularly in relation to statutory funding and the increasing role that hospices play in the community and in people’s homes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that need.
As I said earlier, end of life care and its stability as part of the wider system, which is a  commissioning role for ICBs, was not addressed by the last Government over 14 years.
As part of our 10-year plan, that will be important to do.
We can all agree that hospices, such as St Barnabas in Lincolnshire, do vital and valued work.
I hope we can also all agree that every Government—Labour and Tory—have increased national health spending, for that is simply a matter of fact.
I ask the Minister to show a little wisdom in contrition in acknowledging that the national insurance increase that was imposed on charities and hospices has done immense damage.
We welcome the funding today—of course we do—but she needs to be straightforward: was she, or any of the Health team, consulted before the Budget about the impact of the NI increase on hospices, health charities, pharmacies and so on?
May I advise her to put down the folder and tell us what she really thinks?
I have scribbled my own note—the right hon.
Gentleman says that he “agrees”— but the issue is that his Government did nothing over 14 years to support or make a change.
That is why the announcement we are making is so important.
I reiterate my earlier point, which I will repeat every time I am at the Dispatch Box: the Conservatives have not read the Darzi report; if they do not agree with the diagnosis, they cannot agree with the solution.
That is their fundamental problem.