Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I wish you and the team a very happy Christmas indeed.
I congratulate the Solicitor General on her position and welcome her to her place.
I hope to work constructively and effectively with her on this challenging and very important part of Government.
As the Solicitor General knows, rape victims need action now, urgently, given that many rape cases take more than two years to come to trial.
There has been much talk from Ministers about opening specialist fast-track rape courts, but disappointingly there has been very little detail to date.
How will the Government achieve  that fast-tracking if they do not use all potential court sitting days, as requested by the Lady Chief Justice but refused by the Lord Chancellor?
I am grateful to the shadow Solicitor General for her kind words.
She brings an awful lot of experience and expertise to her role, and I look forward to working constructively with her.
She raises the issue of violence against women and girls, and refers to Crown court sitting days.
I said earlier that I am very pleased that an additional 2,000 Crown court sitting days were added by the Lord Chancellor yesterday.
That is very important, because it will allow the fast-tracking that she refers to of the backlog in our courts.
I fully support the Government’s mission to halve violence against women and girls within the next decade, but how will the Government’s progress be measured to ensure that they deliver against their target?
What assessment has been made of the definition of violence against women and girls?
Timeliness is clearly key, and the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to refer to our commitment to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
We will take urgent action, building on the urgent action we have already taken.
In November, for example, pilots of the new domestic abuse protection orders began with three police forces, enabling them to provide additional protection to victims.
The hon.
Lady will know that the police and the CPS have launched their domestic abuse joint justice plan.
Improvements in partnership working under the plan have already led to a modest increase in referrals of domestic abuse cases from the police to the CPS, setting a strong foundation for future improvements.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates of freight crime.
Freight crime poses significant challenges to the logistics and transport sectors, affecting businesses, communities and our economy.
This Government recognise the importance of addressing this issue, and the Crown Prosecution Service will always seek to prosecute serious offending when the relevant legal tests are met.
Prosecutors can also apply for compensation to be paid to victims and, in appropriate cases, can seek the seizure of assets that represent the proceeds of crime.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and your team a very merry Christmas, and I thank you in particular for all your support over the last six months.
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend the Solicitor General to her position, and I know she will be a powerful voice for justice in the Government.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on freight and logistics, I have been listening to businesses across the country, including many in my North   Warwickshire and Bedworth constituency.
They have told me that freight crime has reached unacceptable levels and is damaging their businesses and their drivers’ welfare, yet organised gangs stealing goods from freight vehicles is classed as the same as someone breaking into a car and stealing a phone from the passenger seat.
What does the Solicitor General plan to do to ensure that freight theft is prosecuted as the serious crime it is?
I know my hon.
Friend has formidable knowledge and expertise in these matters, which she raises very effectively on behalf of her constituents.
We are clear that freight crime is a serious threat, and the Government are working closely with the police, the automotive industry and the National Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service to combat this threat.
The CPS is, of course, alive to the prevalence of freight crime and brings together expertise to ensure that there is the resilience, skills and flexibility that is needed to best respond to new and changing areas of organised crime, like freight crime.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase prosecution rates in cases of people smuggling.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and I know how much work he did in this area prior to his election to this place.
Criminal gangs must not be allowed to undermine our border security by illegally bringing people into this country.
That is why this Government are committed to smashing the gangs.
We have set up the new Border Security Command, which will bring together law enforcement across the system and boost the Crown Prosecution Service’s ability to deliver charging decisions swiftly in international organised crime cases.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Solicitor General on taking up her position.
Having worked with the National Crime Agency in the past, and having worked in a counter-terror role, I have seen at first hand the effectiveness of counter-terror powers and the difference that they can make.
Are the Government working to maximise the effectiveness of the Border Security Command by using counter-terror-style powers, or adapting such powers, in order to take on the smuggling gangs and treat them like terrorists?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
Quite simply, the previous Government lost control of our borders.
That is why we need a much tougher approach, learning from the success of our world-leading counter-terror measures.
Our border security, asylum and immigration Bill will create new, stronger powers for law enforcement agencies to tackle, investigate and prosecute organised crime and strengthen UK border security.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on hospice funding.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson)  for asking that important question.
This Government want a society where every person receives high-quality, compassionate care from diagnosis through to the end of life.
We will shift care out of hospitals into the community to ensure that patients and their families receive personalised care in the most appropriate settings.
Palliative end of life care services, including hospices, will have a big role to play in that shift.
Most hospices are charitable, independent organisations that receive some statutory funding for providing NHS services.
The amount of funding that each charitable hospice receives varies both within and between integrated care board areas.
On children and young people’s hospice funding, the Minister for Care met representatives from NHS England and Together for Short Lives and one of the chairs of the all-party parliamentary group for children who need palliative care to discuss children’s palliative and end of life care, and that funding stream was discussed at length at that meeting.
This Government recognise the range of cost pressures that the hospice sector has been facing over a number of years, so today I am delighted to announce the biggest investment in hospices and end of life care in a generation.
We are supporting the hospice sector with a £100 million boost for adult and children’s hospices, to ensure that those hospices have the best physical environment for care, and with £26 million in revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
The funding will support hospices and deliver much needed funding for improvements, including refurbishment, overhaul of IT systems and improved security for patients and visitors.
It will help hospices in this year and next year in providing the best end of life care for patients and their families in a supportive and dignified physical environment.
Hospices for children and young people will receive that further £26 million in funding for 2025-26 through what was, until recently, known as the children’s hospice grant.
We will set out the details of the funding allocation and dissemination in the new year.
We completely understand the pressures that people are under.
To govern is to choose, and the Chancellor chose to support health and social care in the Budget.
The alternative is not to fund.
The sector has suffered from 14 years of underfunding, and we are righting that historic wrong.
This Government are committed to ensuring that every person has access to high-quality palliative and end of life care as part of our plan for change.
We are taking immediate action to make our healthcare fit for the future.
I am sure that the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham and everyone in the House will welcome this announcement.
I thank her for giving me the opportunity to give the House an early Christmas present.
Order.
I think you might find that I granted the urgent question, but don’t worry, Minister.
I call the shadow Minister.
After the confusion of yesterday, I welcome the fact that further details on hospice funding have been announced, albeit by our dragging them out of the Government on the very last day of Parliament before the recess.
On  30 October , the Chancellor decided to break her election promise by increasing employers national insurance contributions and reducing the threshold at which employer contributions are payable.
It was later confirmed that hospices would not be exempt from the increase in costs.
Now the Government have announced new funding for the sector, which they have the audacity to call “the biggest investment in a generation”.
Let us be clear about what is going on: the Government are taking millions of pounds off hospices and palliative care charities, and then think those hospices and palliative care charities should be grateful when the Government give them some of that back.
That is socialism at its finest.
We will look more closely at the funding announced today, but despite many questions from right hon.
and hon.
Members, to date the Government have refused to give any clear answers on how much their tax rises will cost hospices.
I will try again: will the Minister please tell us how much the Government estimate they will raise from taxing hospices more?
Was an impact assessment ever produced on how hospices will be hit, and how that will affect the care that they provide?
Do the Government expect the funding that they have announced today to cover the additional costs in their entirety?
At the heart of this discussion are charities that provide compassionate care to terminally ill people in their final days, weeks and months.
While hospices were left without information, Hospice UK reported that 300 beds have already closed, with many more closures to come.
Does the Minister accept any responsibility for that?
Ultimately, it is patients who will pay the price.
While we welcome this update for hospices, when will the Health Secretary come forward with more details on the many other health providers who have been hit by Labour’s tax increases, including GPs, community pharmacies and dentists?
Will they be expected to be similarly grateful for getting back some of the money that the Government have taken from them?
To govern is, indeed, to choose.
The Conservative party chose neither this sector nor any other health sector and it refused to govern.
Within five months, we have not only increased the funding to the health sector to stabilise it but made today’s announcement.
Beneath all that, there might have been a welcome for the announcement—I am not entirely sure—whereas the sector is pleased to have the money.
The chief executive of Hospice UK said: “This funding will allow hospices to continue to reach hundreds of thousands of people every year with high-quality, compassionate care.
We look forward to working with the government to make sure everyone approaching the end of life gets the care and support they need”.
The chief executive of Haven House children’s hospice said that it is “very positive to hear about the government’s plan to invest significantly in the wider hospice sector; we hope that there will be as much flexibility as possible to determine locally how this new money is spent.”
This is an important issue for many hon.
Members, and we look forward to working with the sector in the new year on the specifics of the announcement.
This is a very welcome announcement and I am sure the hospices are breathing a sigh of relief after the level of funding they endured for 14 years under the Tories.
If we are to move palliative care out of hospitals and into care situations or people’s homes, the money needs to be passported to the hospice sector for it to play its part.
Integrated care boards have been charged under the Health and Care Act 2022 to provide that funding.
Will the money go through ICBs or will it be passported straight to the hospice sector?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the need for more people to be treated at home.
That is absolutely the direction of travel that we want to see.
This money will help, for example, with technology to support more people to be treated at home.
ICBs are responsible for commissioning and allocating funding, so that will be done in the normal way.