Over his many years of

service, Scott has received four police certifications, his Corporal

rank, and a variety of police in-service training.
He's used this

knowledge to provide countless hours of police training to other

officers and mentor new ones straight from the academy.
During his time with Euless PD, Scott has received 40 police

commendations in which he was commended for his service and

professionalism to the department and community.
It has always been my

view that public service is among the most admirable of callings, one

that demands the very best among us to tackle monumental challenges in

the name of selfless service to others.
Corporal Gilley has always been

known and appreciated as an ``informal leader'' of the troops and one

that can be counted on in any situation.
The courage and dedication he

displayed during his many years of service in both the United States

Military and Euless Police Department is admirable, and Texas-24 is

better for having the benefit of leadership.
It is my honor to congratulate Corporal Scott Gilley on his

successful career and retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARIE HANDY

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

Marie Handy of Lakewood, Colorado for receiving the United States

Department of State Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship.
As

part of this prestigious honor, Marie traveled to Japan to study

abroad.
U.S. Study Abroad programs are an important component of the federal

government's efforts to ensure Americans of all backgrounds have the

opportunity to gain global experiences and work across our borders to

help address our world's greatest challenges.
The Benjamin A. Gilman

Scholarship provides exceptional undergraduate students with the

opportunity to expand their cultural proficiencies, study critical need

languages, and conduct STEM research.
The scholarship has empowered

over 41,000 individuals with financial need to engage in people-to-

people diplomacy and prepare for distinguished careers in public

service.
I commend Marie for pursuing an exemplary international education and

representing America abroad as a citizen ambassador.
This scholarship

rightly recognizes a commitment to academic excellence.
Mr. Speaker Pro

Tempore, it is a privilege to recognize Marie's many accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RETIRED U.S. ARMY COLONEL AND PRESIDENT EMERITUS OF

LACKAWANNA COLLEGE MARK VOLK'S LIFELONG DEVOTION TO SELFLESS SERVICE

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I recognize the

distinguished career of Retired U.S. Army Colonel and President

Emeritus of Lackawanna College Mark Volk, a true hero of Northeast

Pennsylvania, who has dedicated over four decades of his life to

selfless service.
While Colonel Volk's military career is marked with

honor and valor, it is his profound contributions to Lackawanna College

that I wish to recognize upon his well-deserved retirement.
Colonel Volk's military journey spans 26 years, a testament to his

unwavering commitment to duty and service.
His military career included

13 years in Field Artillery and an additional 13 years in Military

Intelligence.
During this time, Colonel Volk held various staff and

command positions, both in the United States and Germany, gaining

expertise and honing his leadership skills.
While serving as the Chief of the Strategic Leadership Division in

the Army Strategy, Plans and Policy Directorate (G3) at the Pentagon,

his office was in the wing impacted by the plane during the tragic

events of September 11, 2001.
For his heroic efforts and life-saving

actions immediately following the attack on the Pentagon, he was

awarded the Soldier's Medal, the Army's highest non-combat award for

heroism.
Additional military awards earned by Colonel Volk include the

Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with 5 Oak Leaf

Clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with 4 Oak Leaf Clusters, the

Army Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Armed

Forces Expeditionary Medal, the Armed Forces Service Medal and the NATO

Medal.