Her illustrious career spans a remarkable 17-year tenure of

service at the Consulates of Mexico in Orlando, Florida, and Fresno,

California.
Iris has dedicated her life to providing unwavering support

and making a profound impact on the lives of her fellow Mexican

compatriots living abroad while working closely with community

organizations, legal experts, and government officials to address the

unique needs of Mexican nationals living in the United States.
Born in the vibrant heart of Mexico City, Iris has ardently

maintained a deep connection to her Hispanic cultural heritage

throughout her life journey.
Her commitment to the promotion and

celebration of Hispanic heritage resonates in every facet of her

existence, with deep gratitude for the guiding influence of her faith

in God.
Throughout her distinguished consular career, Iris played a

determinate and indispensable role in delivering humanitarian,

community, and legal assistance to Mexican citizens residing in Florida

and California.
She participated in projects that led to the protection

the success of mutual international relations based on the power of

diplomacy.
Beyond her consular duties and advocacy work, Iris takes immense

pride in her roles as a devoted wife and mother to a cherished

daughter.
The bedrock of family values holds central importance in her

life, with her family in Mexico serving as an unwavering pillar of

support.
One of Iris's deepest aspirations is to instill in her

daughter an enduring love for her Mexican heritage and a profound sense

of pride in her American birthright.
Currently, Iris lends her expertise and dedication to a distinguished

international consultancy firm Lord and Lord Consulting, led by

accomplished women.
She plays a key role in the management of the

relations between LATAM, the USA, and the communication with the U.S.

federal government.
The selection of Iris as an honoree during Hispanic Heritage Month is

a well-deserved recognition of her dedication and contribution to the

promotion of the Hispanic community in the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: RHONDA ROCHON SMITH

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Rhonda Rochon Smith as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Described as passionate, charismatic, compassionate, and driven by

her colleagues and fellow community members, Rhonda is a dedicated

community servant involved with numerous non-profits, committees and

advocacy groups throughout our district.
As the Program Manager at the

Center for Volunteer & Non-Profit Leadership, Rhonda facilitates the

advancement of nonprofits and volunteerism by strengthening leadership,

encouraging innovation, and empowering individuals in Solano County.
She is also the Volunteer Services Manager for Contra Costa Regional

Medical Center where she plays an integral role in placing volunteers

in the hospital to enhance the quality of patient care.
Outside of

these roles, Rhonda serves on the Board of Directors of the Solano

County Fair Association, Vallejo Police Oversight and Accountability

Commission, and is Vice-Chair of the Contra Costa Regional Health

Foundation.
She is also an active member of the Delta Sigma Theta

Sorority, the Vallejo NAACP, and Black Women Organized for Political

Action.
Rhonda works every day to serve her community and inspires

others with her commitment to making positive change wherever she goes.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Rhonda Rochon Smith for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: RUTHIE DINEEN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Ruthie Dineen as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Ruthie is a compassionate and dedicated leader who works to improve

her community through her work, talent, and volunteerism.