JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Ruthie Dineen as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Ruthie is a compassionate and dedicated leader who works to improve

her community through her work, talent, and volunteerism.
She is a

Licensed Clinical Social Worker as well as an accomplished pianist and

composer.
Ruthie is the current executive director of the East Bay

Center for the Performing Arts where she has led the organization with

strategic vision since 2021.
Colleagues describe her as a dedicated and

passionate leader who has touched the lives of countless students and

staff.
Since taking the position, Ruthie has helped increase the

funding for the East Bay Center from $3.2M to $4.2M and in doing so has

helped raise wages for the Center's staff.
Ruthie is also leading the

Center's Strategic Plan, requiring organizational and cultural changes

to the operation, doing so while maintaining high faculty and staff

morale.
Her work makes the school a more vibrant place for every

student and helps many discover new talents and interests which may

otherwise go unnoticed.
Ruthie embodies the mission of the East Bay

Center of the Performing Arts to engage with students in the community

through the world of performance traditions.
She is also an active member of her community who has been involved

in a number of initiatives including Healthy Richmond, the Invest in

Youth Coalition, and the planning group for the Blueprint to Prevent

Interpersonal Violence in Contra Costa County.
In everything she does,

Ruthie finds ways to bring positive change to her community.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Ruthie Dineen for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING YARITZA PEREZ FOR HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, Yaritza Perel graduated from

Gateway High School in Kissimmee in May of 1999.
In September of that

year, she arrived on the world-famous yellow footprints of the Marine

Corps recruit depot in Parris Island, South Carolina, graduating in

December.
After graduation, she was assigned to Fort Lee, Virginia for

MOS training as a bulk fuel specialist.
Upon graduation, she was sent

to her first duty station at Camp Pendleton, California, and assigned

to the First Marine Division, First Marine Expeditionary Force, Seventh

Engineer Support Battalion, Bulk Fuel Company.
After the attacks on September 11, 2001, the Marine Corps shifted

gears and began preparing for deployment to the Middle East in support

of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
As part of the initial invasion, Bulk Fuel

Company was attached to the Sixth Engineers Support Battalion.
Six days

into the war, Bulk Fuel Company completed the 57-mile hose reel

tactical fuel system, capable of pumping fuel from the Kuwait-Iraq

border to Logistics Support Area Viper.
Setting up these fuel lines was

crucial to providing all forward-moving units the capabilities to

complete their mission and reach their targets.
These efforts earned

Yaritza's unit a Presidential Unit Citation.
On her second enlistment, Yaritza was assigned to COMUSMARCENT at

MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida, where she served in an

administrative role working in the G-1 and G-3 overseeing manpower

operations and casualty accountability for all forward operating

commands.
Upon completing those orders, she was sent back to the Marine

Corps Air Station in Miramar, H&HS Squadron serving as Flight Line NCO

conducting flight operations and fuel testing for all base operations.
Yaritza separated from the Marine Corps in 2013 and moved back to

Orlando to be close to family.
Since her return, Yaritza has been an

active member of the community, learning to repurpose her service to

the great state of Florida.