As Lord Darzi outlined, capital development in the NHS is shocking, with a backlog of £11 billion in maintenance.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss his problem.
Alan Petersen is a senior pharmacist in my constituency.
He tells me that pharmacies have experienced high volatility in drugs pricing and big increases in bills in recent years.
At the same time, they are expected to do far more in direct consultation with the public.
Given the UK Government’s jurisdiction over funding dispensing services in England and Wales, when do they plan to review pharmacy funding?
Obviously, health is a devolved matter and funding for pharmacies in Wales is the responsibility of the Welsh Government.
Nevertheless, I pay tribute to the Welsh Government for securing a deal with pharmacies in Wales in line with DDRB—the review body on doctors’ and dentists’ remuneration—pay recommendations.
I know that arrangements in England  affect matters in Wales and I am working as a matter of urgency to conclude the consultation on the community pharmacy contractual framework.
To correct the Secretary of State, the Tobacco and Vapes Bill went through its Committee stage in the previous Parliament, with several amendments proposed across the Chamber, which the then Minister, Andrea Leadsom, agreed to take away and bring back.
Will he incorporate those amendments so that we strengthen the Bill?
Whatever stage the Bill got to, it was not completed, was it?
We will bring back a tobacco and vapes Bill that is stronger than the Conservatives’ and I look forward to seeing if they support it.
Ingleside, the only birthing centre in the city of Salford, was temporarily closed in 2022 amid an acute midwifery staffing deficit across Greater Manchester.
Will the Minister be kind enough to meet me to discuss what he can do to ensure that that unit reopens safely as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the crisis of midwifery services.
We have already had debates in Westminster Hall about this, and the issue affects the entire country.
It is a priority for this Government, and I am of course happy to meet her to discuss her constituency issue.
Lord Darzi’s report highlighted the importance of local focus and alignment to co-ordinating local services and improving health, contributing to reduced hospital admissions.
In Oxfordshire, the integrated care board is proposing to remove Oxfordshire’s dedicated place director.
Will the Secretary of State give his support to place- based roles to maintain local authority alignment, as recommended in Lord Darzi’s report?
I absolutely take the point the hon.
Gentleman is making about the importance of place-based leadership.
That is why one thing we will be looking to do, as part of the 10-year plan process, is to clarify roles and responsibilities in different parts of the system to ensure that we have better strategic place-based leadership.
The Royal Stoke hospital is leading the way when it comes to treatment for stroke patients, but as with so many illnesses, prevention is better than cure.
Can the Minister set out what this Government are doing to minimise the number of people affected by these life-altering events?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, which is why we have set a goal for fewer lives being lost to cardiovascular disease.
We will make it easier for people to have checks in the comfort of their own homes through, for example, the digital NHS health check and the new workplace trials.
Labour’s cut to the winter fuel payment will cause 262,000 cold pensioners to seek NHS treatment, according   to the End Fuel Poverty Coalition.
Do the Government agree with those figures, and if not, what are their own estimates?
The decision on the winter fuel allowance is not one that the Government took lightly, but we inherited a £22 billion hole in the nation’s finances.
We continue to stand behind vulnerable households by increasing the state pension with the triple lock, delivering the warm home discount and extending the household support fund to support the most vulnerable pensioners.
Prevention is the most important intervention to improve health outcomes, yet since 2015 the public health grant has fallen in value by 25%, and by 30% in York.
Will the Minister say what he is doing to restore the value of the public health grant?
My hon.
Friend is incredibly knowledgeable about public health matters both at national and local level.
Lord Darzi’s investigation into the NHS set out the impact of past reductions in local government public health funding.
We will confirm public health grant allocations for the next financial year as part of the forthcoming spending review, but the points she made have been made loudly and clearly.
Can the Secretary of State update the House on the status of Alan Milburn?
Does he still attend meetings in the Department and have access to confidential information?
Does he now have an official role in the Department?
Does he still have private sector interests in the healthcare sector?
The right hon.
Alan Milburn is alive, he is safe and we are treating him well.
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and I stand here today as someone who was diagnosed, treated and cured of breast cancer this year by the amazing staff in the north-east, but not enough women are taking up their breast screening appointments.
Will the Minister do more to raise awareness of, and access to, breast screening appointments, and may I urge all women to check themselves regularly?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work in this area and for setting out eloquently her own personal experiences.
Of course this Government will do more to raise awareness and enable more women to access breast screening services.
A significant impediment to improving adult social care is the split of budget and responsibility and policy between the Secretary of State’s Department and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Will he and colleagues work to remove that hurdle, to have better outcomes more cost-effectively delivered to improve the lives of all our constituents?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that risk.
I assure him and the House that I and the Deputy Prime Minister, herself a former care worker, are working in lockstep to align strategy, policy and delivery.
12.40 pm (Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary to make a statement on the situation in Gaza and Lebanon.