A really important part of improving health outcomes in the east midlands, and across the country, is the use of diagnostics.
The Rosalind Franklin laboratory, which was set up in my constituency, was closed down just a few months ago at a cost of £0.6 billion.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the most important things  we could do is to restore good quality diagnostics to  our NHS?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are committed to improving diagnostics as part of our reform of the health sector.
Analysis of waiting lists shows that 20% of people will end up with a hospital admission, most as a day case.
To improve waiting times, the focus must be on early prevention, diagnostics and consultant review at an early stage.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of NHS urgent and emergency care services.
The recent independent report by Lord Darzi makes it absolutely clear that urgent and emergency care services are also struggling, with the latest data published last week showing that one in 10 patients spend over 12 hours in A&E.
We are committed to returning to service standards that patients rightly expect through our ambitious 10-year plan to reform the health service.
In September 2021, Victoria hospital in Deal lost provision for blood testing.
After a long campaign by residents, it was agreed that it would return.
However, that has stalled in the tendering process.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can move this forward?
I commend my hon.
Friend for championing this issue on behalf of his constituents.
I understand that he has raised it with the chief executive officer of his local trust.
He will appreciate that commissioning decisions are a matter for the local integrated care board, in this case Kent and Medway ICB, but I am, of course, very happy to meet him to discuss it further.
I wish the Minister well in her efforts to address this issue, because it is extremely serious.
There are very often more than 20 ambulances queueing outside Treliske hospital, which has a serious impact on expectations for patients.
Will the Minister please look at the potential for urgent treatment centres to take pressure away from emergency departments, such as the urgent treatment centre at West Cornwall hospital in Penzance, which really needs to be re-established on a 24/7 basis?
That would make a real impact.