A recent review of children’s mental health services in my local authority, the London borough of Richmond, found that, staggeringly, children with mild to moderate needs in tier 2 waited on average 15 months before receiving treatment, and those with more severe needs waited on average nine months.
The Minister does not need me to tell him that during that time, children’s conditions get worse; they need greater treatment and, sadly, too many present at A&E self-harming and attempting to take their own life.
As well as committing to mental health professionals in every school, will he put some money into acute provision, so that children do not end up in A&E?
We are absolutely committed to the three shifts: from hospital to community, from sickness to prevention and from analogue to digital.
The sickness to prevention aspect is important in the question that the hon.
Member raises.
Treatable mental health conditions such as anxiety and depression should be identified early to prevent them from developing into something more serious and into a crisis, so I absolutely share the sentiment behind her question.
They will be at the heart of our 10-year strategy for the future of our health.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to GP appointments.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
As identified in Lord Darzi’s review, primary care is broken.
Satisfaction with GP services has fallen from a peak of 80% in 2009 to just 35% last year—a truly damning indictment of 14 years of Tory failure.
We will rebuild general practice.
We have invested £82 million to recruit 1,000 new GPs, we have launched our red tape challenge, and we are committed to improving continuity of care and ending the 8 am scramble.
On primary care more broadly, we are committed to boosting the role of community pharmacies, enabling patients to be treated for certain conditions by their local pharmacists, without the need to see a GP.
The Arborfield Green community in my Wokingham constituency has around 10,000 residents in new homes, with many more to come, but there is no local primary care provision.
To see a GP, residents must travel to neighbouring villages, which are often inaccessible because of a lack of public transport.
What steps will the Minister take to guarantee that there will be enough GPs in any major new developments that come down the line?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: there are seriously under-doctored areas of the country.
Given the finite resources that we have, we must focus on areas with the greatest need.
I would be more than happy to meet him to discuss how that might best be reflected in his constituency.
Access to GP appointments is consistently raised with me in Cumbernauld.
A number of constituents have informed me that, having made complaints, they have been removed from the list of the general practice at which they have been patients for many years.
Will the Minister raise the matter with the Scottish Government’s Cabinet Secretary for Health and Social Care, so that we can get some resolution for my constituents?
Patients have an absolute right to complain about NHS services, and they should not be removed from a practice’s list because of a complaint they have made.
Health is of course devolved, but I have asked officials in the Department to engage with their Scottish Government counterparts on that matter to ensure that patients in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are treated with the respect and compassion that they deserve.
Residents in Mickleover have been queuing from 7 am to get an appointment with their GP, and Healthwatch says that seven in 10 people  in Derby find it very difficult to book appointments.
That is the legacy of the previous Government.
With new homes being built in and around Mickleover, we need even more additional capacity.
Does the Minister agree that GP capacity must be a priority?
We are absolutely committed to the challenge of cutting red tape and reducing the administrative burden for staff to help patients get the care that they need.
An important element of our plan will be streamlining access to registration in order to move it online, and we are working at pace to make online registration available in all practices.
I am very happy to come back to my hon.
Friend on the constituency issue that she raises.
Lord Darzi’s report on the NHS states that people are struggling to see their GPs.
Prevention is better than cure, and interventions to protect health tend to be far less costly than dealing with the consequences of illness, both financially and in terms of outcomes.
Early and quick access to primary care is therefore crucial.
I accept that it is not always necessary to see  a GP—an appointment with a nurse may suffice—but what steps are being taken to ensure that patients in my Wolverhampton West constituency have quick, easy and direct access to GP surgeries?
I note that Wolverhampton West has seen a decrease of 28 full-time equivalent GPs since 2018, which of course massively exacerbates the issues to which my hon.
Friend refers.
We will introduce a modern booking system to end the 8 am scramble and make it easier for patients to contact their GP.
In particular, we are committed to increasing the use of the NHS app to view patient records and order repeat prescriptions.
All of that will take pressure off the booking system.
Last week, NHS Suffolk and North East Essex integrated care board announced plans to scrap the super-surgery in north Essex.
To say that my constituents were incandescent would be an understatement; many of them have waited since 2021 for a replacement to closed surgeries in Bramford, Claydon and Great Blakenham.
Many have to use Needham Market surgery, which is also awaiting plans to move to larger premises with increased capacity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can expedite plans to expand primary care in north Ipswich and the surrounding villages?