I congratulate all nominees and winners in the NHS parliamentary awards yesterday.
Their success was richly deserved, and the awards were a very good example of the House coming together to celebrate those who work so hard in our health service and social care services.
In the past five weeks, I have asked the Secretary of State 29 questions at this Dispatch Box, yet he has managed to answer only one.
For the rest, he has tried to bluster his way out of his policy decisions, as we have seen this morning.
Let us try again.
When will be the first week in which we see delivery of his promised 40,000 more appointments?
After the performances I had to put up with when the right hon.
Lady was at the Government Dispatch Box, she has some brass neck complaining at the Opposition Dispatch Box that I am not answering  her questions.
She will know that we are working at pace to stand up 40,000 more appointments every week as our first step, as promised in our manifesto, and we will deliver.
More than that, we will go into the next election with a record of which the right hon.
Lady can only dream.
After 14 years of opposition—two and a half of which the Secretary of State spent on the Front Bench and travelling around the world, funded by other Governments, to look at their healthcare systems—and more than 100 days in government, the right hon.
Gentleman does not even know the start date of his own flagship policy.
He is no Action Man; he is Anchorman.
Let us deal with Labour’s cruel decision to slash winter fuel payments, which will add pressure not only to patients, but to the NHS.
The NHS’s deputy chief operating officer— Order.
I have got a lot of people to get in.
Members on both Front Benches must be quicker.
After Labour’s cruel decision to slash winter fuel payments, which will add pressure to the NHS, its deputy chief operating officer warned that this winter our health service will not have the extra capacity or funding that it needs, which the Conservatives had previously provided.
Why has the Secretary of State— Order.
I gave the right hon.
Lady a hint to come to an end and not to carry on fully.
It is unfair to Back Benchers, who I am trying to represent.
I want a short answer.
The shadow Secretary of State questions the budget for this winter, but it was set by her Government.
Is that finally an admission of failure on her part?
Something else that we will have this winter, which we did not have last winter or the previous winter is no—