The UK was the first G7 nation to call for an immediate ceasefire between Lebanese Hezbollah and Israel and for the implementation of a political plan that will enable civilians on both sides to return to their homes.
The Prime Minister has spoken with international leaders including Prime Minister Netanyahu, King Abdullah of Jordan, President Macron and Chancellor Scholz to press the case for a ceasefire.
This builds on extensive discussions by the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister at the United Nations with regional leaders.
We were gravely concerned to hear that five UN peacekeepers had been injured by the Israel Defence Forces.
We reiterate that attacks on UN peacekeepers and UN members of staff are unacceptable.
All parties must take all necessary measures to protect all UN personnel and premises and allow the UN to fulfil its mandate.
The UK co-signed a joint statement by 34 United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon-contributing countries condemning recent attacks, calling for such actions to stop immediately and be adequately investigated.
The situation in Lebanon is worsening by the day.
Civilian casualties are mounting and more than 25% of the Lebanese population has been displaced.
On humanitarian needs in Lebanon, I announced £10 million of support to Lebanon to respond to the widespread lack of shelter and reduced access to water, hygiene and healthcare.
This is in addition to the £5 million that we have already provided to UNICEF.
It is clear that a political solution consistent with resolution 1701 is the only way to restore the sovereignty, territorial integrity and stability of Lebanon.
This requires an immediate ceasefire between Lebanese Hezbollah and Israel now and immediate negotiations to re-establish security and stability for the people living on either side of the Israeli-Lebanon border.
While the world turns its attention to Lebanon, we must not forget the situation for the people of Gaza: they are in a truly intolerable situation currently and winter will make them increasingly vulnerable including to communicable disease.
All of Gaza’s population now faces the risk of famine.
Access to basic services, safe drinking water, shelter and healthcare are becoming harder by the day.
We are gravely concerned by the situation in northern Gaza in particular.
Very little aid has entered northern Gaza since  1 October .
Evacuation orders continue to be issued across northern Gaza but civilians are struggling to move to safety and we are worried that the IDF-designated humanitarian zone is overcrowded and unsafe.
Israel must comply with international humanitarian  law and allow unfettered aid access.
The message from this Government is clear: Israel could and must do more to ensure that aid reaches civilians in Gaza.
It is unacceptable to restrict aid.
We have not lost sight of the destabilising role of Iran across the middle east through its support to militias including Hezbollah, Hamas and the Houthis.
Iran must halt its attacks on Israel.
To that end, we have placed a number of sanctions designations, and I welcome the question.
Order.
The response should be for three minutes.
Please can we try to stick to that?
I call Andy McDonald, who will give us a fine example of a two- minute speech.