The inheritance we have received is truly shameful.
I assure the hon.
Lady, as a cancer survivor myself—because the NHS was there for me when I needed it—that we will work tirelessly through a national cancer plan to make sure that we deliver the cancer waiting time standards that the last Labour Government met, and that are sorely needed today.
If he will make a comparative assessment of the adequacy of access to primary care services for men in (a) England and (b) Scotland.
As Lord Darzi identified in his NHS review, primary care is broken, with 1,600 fewer fully qualified GPs than in 2017.
We recognise that men can face particular challenges in accessing services,  which is why we are committed to fixing the front door to the NHS, bringing back the family doctor and shifting the focus of care away from hospitals and into the community.
Health is devolved in Scotland, but I welcome opportunities to share learning across our two nations.
In my Paisley and Renfrewshire South constituency, the rate of premature death in men is 47.9% higher than the UK average.
According to National Records of Scotland, the number of people who have died by suicide in Renfrewshire as a whole has increased to the highest level in 10 years.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this is a damning indictment of the SNP Government’s record on health?
Will he commit today to holding a summit in November, with Movember, to raise men’s health up the agenda?
Those statistics are both damning and shocking.
Health inequalities in any part of our United Kingdom need to be tackled, and the SNP Government have real questions to answer on these shocking statistics for men in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and across Scotland.
I will take up her challenge.
A summit with Movember, and with her and other interested Members, to talk about men’s health issues is a cracking idea, and I will get straight on to it when I get back to the Department.
I appreciate that the Secretary of State is unlikely to comment on the Chancellor’s forthcoming statement, but he and his Front-Bench colleagues have already mentioned funding issues a number of times this morning, so will he confirm that it is the policy of his Government to take steps to increase the UK’s health spending to the average of other countries in north-west Europe?
That would lead to an increase of around £17 billion for the national health service and would help address some of the issues referred to by  the hon.
Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter) .
Order.
Questions ought to be linked to the subject being dealt with, which is access to primary care.
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman meant to ask, “Will there also be funding to improve access to primary care?”, which I am sure the Minister can answer.
This Labour Government were elected to tackle health inequalities, fix our NHS and ensure that more people live longer, healthier lives.
That will require a concerted Government effort, which is why we have the health mission board in place.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is making the case for investment and reform at every opportunity, but let us be clear: every single Labour Government have left the country with a better NHS than they inherited, and this Labour Government will fix our NHS once more.
What his Department’s timetable is for announcing the outcome of its review of the new hospital programme in relation to the proposed redevelopment of Whipps Cross hospital.
I must declare an interest, because Whipps Cross hospital serves my constituents, as well as those of the right hon.
Gentleman.
On that basis, I am well aware that we desperately need the proposed redevelopment of the hospital.
That is why, in common with so many Members across the House, I am furious that the previous Government’s new hospitals programme had a timetable that was a work of fiction and money that will run out in March.
The assurance I can give to the right hon.
Gentleman, his constituents, my constituents, and the constituents of every right hon.
and hon.
Member across the House whose constituents are waiting for news on the new hospitals programme, is that we will deliver on a timetable that is credible and a programme that is funded, giving our constituents the clarity and consistency they deserve, and rebuilding by placing  the Government among our construction industry supply chain.