The Secretary of State knows that we have campaigned together for the redevelopment of Whipps Cross hospital, and whether that is delivered by a Labour or Conservative Government makes no difference to me.
I want to drag him to the reality of a specific point about the hospital: it was granted £1.2 million towards undertaking a business case, which it received in August, but that money has run out.
A total of £5 million is required to be ready when the decision is made; if it is not available, the hospital will lose the architects and builders.
Will he go back to the Department and ensure that the hospital receives that money, so that managers can be ready with the full, detailed business case the moment the decision is made?
Otherwise, it will cost £50 million extra over the next year to get the architects and builders back.
I beg the Secretary of State—I literally beg him—to look at that carefully.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Those practical considerations are very much part of the review.
I say to the poor project managers across the country who have had to deal with the previous Government’s stop-start approach that we are not going to make that mistake.
We are going to come forward with a credible plan that is also funded, not the work of fiction or the £22 billion black hole that the shadow Secretary of State left in her wake.
Whipps Cross hospital is in my constituency and it is my constituents who have had to endure five years of the previous Government organising photo opportunity after photo opportunity, not putting the contracts in place for the project to be up and running and ready to go.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that only a fully costed, long-term approach from this Labour Government can deliver the modern healthcare that my constituents need?
My hon.
Friend, my constituency neighbour, is absolutely right.
He has been doing an outstanding job of representing the people of Leyton and Wanstead since his arrival.
What our constituents, and indeed constituents right across the country, deserve is honesty, clarity and consistency.
That is how we will turn the new hospitals programme from a press release into reality and how, in doing so, we will restore trust in  politics and, for businesses, the construction industry and the supply chain, restore confidence in public sector procurement.
Many Leicestershire residents are concerned about the Government’s review of the new hospitals programme, which would have seen two new hospitals, a midwifery-led unit and a multi-storey car park in the city.
What representations has the Minister made to the Chancellor to retain this vital investment for the NHS in Leicestershire?
The hon.
Gentleman asks what representations I am making to retain the funding.
If only that were the case.
The funding was not there.
The Conservative party went into the general election with a programme timetable that was a work of fiction and a claim to have a funded programme that was simply not true.
What we arrived to find was a timetable that was a load of rubbish and a £22 billion hole in the public finances that the party hid from the country because it did not want to confront the hard truths.
This Government are facing the facts and answering the challenges.
I am probably the only MP in this current Chamber who has recently used Whipps Cross hospital, which also serves my community in Walthamstow, because I had both my children there, so I know at first hand how desperately it needs redevelopment and how poor the facilities are that the amazing staff are having to use.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that finally getting this project moving under a Labour Government will also deliver thousands of much-needed homes in our local community?
It is a win-win situation, which is why it is such a travesty that, for years, Conservative Ministers came and took photos, but we never saw any diggers or spades in the ground.
Does he agree that Labour can change that?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is about not just the necessary hospital projects, but the growth that will come through construction, getting these projects up and running and, of course, the role that the NHS plays as an economic anchor institution in communities, as some of these projects will necessarily unlock new housing sites and a local transport infrastructure.
We are mindful of all of that.
The most important thing is that we come forward with a timetable that is credible and a programme that is funded, and that is exactly what we will do.
We look forward to getting the land in Chorley on that basis.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of district hospitals in providing services that meet the needs of local communities.
Lord Darzi’s report concluded that the health service is in a critical condition across the country.
District hospitals have a vital role to play in meeting the needs of their communities, and this   Government will support them to reduce waiting times, to improve urgent care and to play their part in building a neighbourhood health service.
Critical care at Furness general hospital in Barrow has been temporarily downgraded, meaning that those in most need of the highest level of care are now exposed to potentially life-threatening delays during a 50-mile transfer on difficult roads.
Will the Minister please look at this worrying decision by the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS foundation trust and do everything to enable the reopening of this service as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty fighter for her constituents.
I am aware that the decision she mentions is an interim measure made by the critical care network, the Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board and the NHS trust.
The decision will be kept under review and patients impacted will receive the appropriate support.
The Government recognise that more must be done to improve the sustainability of the NHS both nationally and in rural and coastal areas.
Services at Chase community hospital in my constituency, in Whitehill and Bordon, are being run down by the ICB.
This is based on a promise that a brand-new health hub will be built in place, which is much welcomed.
It has the support of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation, which owns the land, East Hampshire district council and the community, but the ICB is suffering from inertia.
Can the Minister speak to the ICB and suggest that it either builds this new health hub or refurbishes and renovates the Chase community hospital?
I have every sympathy with the case that the hon.
Gentleman has put forward.
This Government want to see a shift of health services from hospital to community, from analogue to digital, and from sickness to prevention, but these decisions are not taken through inertia; they are taken because of the Government’s inheritance from the Conservative party.
We have had 14 years of running down our health services, with needless reorganisations that have destroyed and set back the progress that the last Labour Government made on the NHS.
This Government will fix the NHS, including in the hon.
Gentleman’s local area, but he has to recognise that the root cause of many of the problems faced by Members across the Chamber lies at the feet of the former Secretary of State and the last Government.
We have heard about the challenges facing Whipps Cross hospital.
The Secretary of State’s decisions to pause capital projects across the country and put them under review has caused worry and uncertainty for staff in hospitals nationwide.
Can he say when the review will be completed, so that we have certainty about when things will go ahead?
The review will be completed when all the information has been analysed.
The hon.
Lady should not just be a little more patient; she should be a little more apologetic for the fact that the Government found a hospital rebuilding programme that was not worth the paper
it was written on, because the ultimate paper we needed—the cash—was not there.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of the NHS dental contracting framework.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the excellent work he does for the people of Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme.
The scale of the problem that he points out is massive.
One of the most shocking statistics I have discovered since taking up this position is that the most common reason for children aged five to nine being admitted to hospital is tooth decay.
That is completely and utterly shocking—truly Dickensian.
We cannot fix the matter overnight, but we are committed to reforming the dental contract and working with the British Dental Association to focus on prevention and on the retention of NHS dentists.
We are also working at pace to ensure that patients can access an additional 700,000 urgent dental appointments.
The horror stories I hear in my constituency are just awful: from the mum on the Isle of Axholme who could not find an NHS dentist after five years and who carries out her own treatment on her son, to a gentleman in Doncaster East whose teeth are crumbling due to illness, causing him horrendous pain, and who cannot get an appointment.
The Government’s pledge to provide more emergency appointments is great, but I know that it will take time to rebuild dentistry.
Can the Minister reassure me that people in my constituency will be given the priority they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is right.
South Yorkshire has the highest level of hospital tooth extractions in England, and I want to assure him that we will target interventions at the areas of greatest need.
For example, integrated care boards have started to advertise roles through our “golden hello” scheme, which will drive recruitment of graduate dentists to areas of greatest need for three years.
We have inherited a mess and we are working at pace to clear it up.