Intermediate care for people facing homelessness, which is recommended by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, can reduce rough sleeping by around 70%.
That is life-changing for people who have been sleeping rough and it plays a significant role in relieving pressure on hospitals.
A recent evaluation of intermediate care for people facing homelessness in one county in England found a 56% reduction in A&E visits and a 67% reduction in emergency admissions.
What exists currently is a postcode lottery.
How can we embed the NICE approach in every integrated care system across England?
My hon.
Friend has highlighted an issue that is often overlooked.
Homelessness has risen to shocking levels in the last 14 years.
When it was addressed under the last Labour Government, people were moved off the streets, and there was decent care at the front end of the hospital system and support in the community.
My hon.
Friend is right: there are good examples across the country, and we would like to see them embedded as part of our overall goal, across Government, of reducing the scourge of homelessness in society and once again supporting the front end of the health service.
I recently met representatives of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, who told me that the inadequate state of social care was resulting in the deterioration of people’s physical health, leading to more presentations at emergency departments.
Does the Minister agree that if social care were properly funded, pressure on our hospitals would be reduced?
What we see at the front end of the system is a result of the deterioration throughout the system, and the flow of patients from the community, through discharge and, indeed, through social care.
Our ambitious 10-year plan will involve examining the entire patient pathway to ensure that care is provided in the community, closer to home.
Prevention is a key part of that, as is the look that we are taking at social care.
What steps he plans to take to reform adult social care.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, adult social care is on its knees.
The number of people receiving long-term care decreased between 2015 and 2023, and there were a staggering 130,000 staff vacancies in the system.
Last Thursday, recognising the central role of our amazing care workforce, we took a critical first step by introducing the groundbreaking legislation that will establish the first ever fair pay agreement for care professionals.
I think it fair to say that this Government have done more for our adult social care workers in 14 weeks than the last lot did in 14 years.
Given unfunded schemes such as the proposed national care service, given the new negotiating body’s aim of establishing a minimum pay floor, and given what clearly amounts to an expensive top-down reorganisation of the care system, can the Minister explain how he will maintain and enhance the role of local authorities, including Buckinghamshire Council, in targeting and delivering care, and how he plans to maintain day-to-day spending alongside this grand plan for reform, without raising taxes?
It beggars belief that Opposition Members should lecture us on fiscal discipline when there is a £22 billion in-year black hole.
We are committed to consulting widely on the design of a fair pay agreement, and we will engage with all who may be affected.
We are keen to ensure that all voices are heard so that the financial impacts on the adult social care market, local government and self-funders can be considered, but in a week in which this Government have attracted £63 billion of investment and just days after the publication of the Employment Rights Bill, we are seeing a Government who are pro-business, pro-worker and pro-growth.
Adult social care is under extreme pressure.
One in four hospital beds are occupied by patients with dementia.
Will the Minister commit himself to the delivery of a dementia strategy in the current Parliament?
That is an extremely important question.
I recognise that dementia is a huge issue that impacts on the entire country and, indeed, many Members on both sides of the House.
We are absolutely committed to the research that is fundamental to addressing the problem, and our fair pay agreement is about not just pay but training and terms and conditions.
We will be ramping up dementia training for our adult social care workforce.