A number of Members, including  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) , talked about wider reform of the House of Lords.
As set out in the Labour manifesto, the Government are committed to replacing the House of Lords with an alternative second Chamber that is more representative of the regions and nations of the UK.
That would be a major change to the functioning of our Parliament and our constitution, so it is right that it should be preceded by a significant period of detailed consideration and consultation.
The Government will set out further details of that process in due course, including how we will seek the British public’s input on how politics can best serve them.
However, that should not prevent progress on other important and long-overdue reforms, including through this Bill and other initial reforms, to help deliver a smaller and more active second Chamber.
The Government’s manifesto made it clear that the measures in the Bill would be introduced to implement immediate reform, which is what we are setting out to do.
The hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) , too, talked about wider reform.
I thank her for taking the time to meet me and the Minister for the Cabinet Office to talk about her concerns and her ambitions for further reform; I am grateful for that engagement.
I want to stress that this is a new Government with a fresh mandate and a set of manifesto pledges that we are committed to implement.
This Bill delivers immediate reform.
As my right hon.
Friend mentioned in his opening speech, part of the reason why there has been no further progress over the last 25 years is the argument that nothing should be done until everything has been done.
We firmly believe in taking this first step as a matter of priority, and it is right that we take time to consider how best to implement other manifesto commitments that the Government have previously set out.
We will engage  with peers and the public, where appropriate, over the course of this Parliament and update the House in due course.
The hon.
Member for North West Norfolk (James Wild)  made a point about the commencement of the Bill.
The Bill will remove the remaining hereditary peers at the end of the parliamentary Session in which it receives Royal Assent.
The timing of the Bill’s implementation ensures that the business of the House will not be undermined by the sudden departure of a number of hereditary peers in the middle of the Session.
Subject to the timely progress of the Bill, we will give notice to existing hereditary peers to give valedictory speeches.
The hon.
Member for Bridgwater (Sir Ashley Fox)  raised some concerns about the balance in the House of Lords if this Bill is passed.
It is important to point out that no political party has held an overall majority in the House of Lords in recent times, and this Bill will not change that.
The role of the Lords is to scrutinise and hold the Government to account in the context of the primacy of the House of Commons.
The hon.
Member is right to say that the Bill decreases the number of peers on the Opposition Benches, but the share of the Opposition’s seats in the Lords will reduce from around 34% to around 32%.
Given that the Conservatives will remain the largest party in the second Chamber, I am sure that hon.
Members will agree that the Bill is hardly a power grab.
I very much look forward to engaging with the shadow spokespeople from the Opposition parties.
I have welcomed discussing this matter with the hon.
Member for Richmond Park and Members of other parties who made time to discuss the Bill at drop-in sessions last week.
I look forward to further engagement with all those who attend the Committee of the whole House, especially given the important views that have been expressed today.
I stress again that this Bill is about finally removing an outdated and indefensible principle, and not about individuals.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the Cabinet Office mentioned at the beginning of the debate, the current hereditary peers and their predecessors have made notable contributions to the other place, the merits of which we have heard in this House today.
This is the first step in reform and not the last.
The other reforms set out in our manifesto are more complex and it is right to take the time to properly consider their implementation.
I know that the Leader of the House of Lords has outlined her commitment to meaningful dialogue with Members of the other place on further reforms to bring about a smaller and more active second Chamber.
The Government remain committed in the long term to replacing the House of Lords with an alternative second Chamber that is more representative of the nations and regions and of how the public can have politics best serve them.
As the manifesto makes clear, it is right to start with this immediate reform, completing the work that we began 25 years ago.
I commend this Bill to the House.
Question put, That the amendment be made.
The House divided: Ayes 105, Noes 453.
[Division No. 19, 6.55 pm] Question accordingly negatived.
[Division lists were not available at the time of  publication.]
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 62(2) ), That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Question agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time.
Hello!
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Mid and South Pembrokeshire (Henry Tufnell) , and I extend my warmest regards to all the Members making their maiden speeches today.
First, I would like to acknowledge my predecessor, Duncan Baker.
He was an attentive and hard-working Member, and I wish him well in his future pursuits in industry.
Before him, Norman Lamb served in this House for 19 years and left an extraordinary legacy in the realm of mental health, a cause that he continues to be a dedicated advocate for.
It was in no small part Norman’s commitment to speaking the truth to power and giving a voice to the voiceless that made him such a hero to the people of North Norfolk, and which attracted me to politics fully seven years ago, when I was first elected as a county councillor—and I draw Members’ attention to the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in connection with my continued role there.
I am immensely grateful for the trust that residents across North Norfolk have shown in me: trust to represent them here, but also trust to play a part in the deep transformation we need in our politics if we are going to make positive change for society.
This is an extraordinary place, but I cannot do what I have promised to do for my constituents—we cannot really do what we have been elected to do—without giving it the shake-up that is long overdue.
When people in the beautiful constituency of North Norfolk cannot live well, in good accommodation, with access to transport and employment and healthcare as part of a vibrant society, it is all of us who are failing them.
I am thinking of the former resident I met on the train just last week who said to me, “I just want to come home, but there aren’t the jobs and there isn’t the transport.”
I am also thinking about Kit, who made me my wonderful Liberal Democrat tie, and about the need to protect the precious Norfolk broads that she lives  near; about Lisa in North Walsham, who is living in constant anguish because of the supply risks to her life-dependent medication; and about Don, a 99-year-old in Sheringham who is pinning his hope on a new kind of politics for the sake of his grandchildren.
The Bill introduces much-needed reform of the House of Lords, which we Liberal Democrats of course support, but we know that it does not go far enough.
We must establish a fully elected upper House—elected using a fairer voting system—as soon as possible.
The House of Lords is only one part of our broken system, which needs to see urgent, radical reform.
The structure and organisation of government itself must evolve to be fit for the modern age, and that transformation must extend beyond government to the wider public services and administrative systems that serve our citizens.
Continuing with the current siloed structures of government is to ignore the technological advances of the past 50 years and fail to embrace the logarithmic advances in the future we are already living in.
This evolution is about bringing policy and service delivery closer to the everyday lives and needs of people at every stage of their journey through life.
The current structures are having a very real impact in rural areas like mine, where our public services are in dangerous decline.
Benjamin Court, a re-ablement centre in Cromer, has fallen into the gap between two silos—social care, managed by the local authority, and health services, overseen by the NHS—leading to its closure.
That is not to mention the desperate need for a properly networked rural public transport service, which is key to enabling access to everything from employment to healthcare, but it is out of those departments’ scope and is instead left languishing at the bottom of the pile of priorities by a near-bankrupt county council.
These problems make the lives of my constituents harder every day.
We cannot go on like this.
But there is a solution: we can bring the design and delivery of services closer to the needs of citizens and there is plenty of precedence to go on here.
In the industrial revolution, Thomas Edison made a profound contribution to rewiring the way that industry was organised.
Prior to electricity generation, which he helped to develop, there tended to be only one motor in a factory.
Industry had to be organised around a single source of power, usually a steam engine, with every machine that needed power connecting directly to the central drive shaft in the ceiling above.
Components could be made, yes, but they then had to be transported elsewhere and assembled, usually by hand.
Energy was the central organising principle of industry, but electricity made it possible to pipe power to anywhere on the factory floor.
It meant that machines could be placed wherever they were needed, becoming more precise, efficient and specialised, and it led to mass manufacturing, with the product as the central organising principle of industry.
Over the past few years, we have gone through another revolution that is potentially even bigger—the communications revolution.
It is powered not by the invention of electricity, but by data.
Since the advent of the consumer web in the 1990s, people have come to expect a higher degree of personalisation in their interactions with organisations and services.
Data gathered from a wide range of sources—not just digital—is driving innovation and enabling more   tailored, proactive experiences for users.
This ability to be more pre-emptive and personalised does not even need people to be digitally enabled.
Data has enabled the rewiring of industry, not around the production line or the product, but around the citizen, or user experience.
That has caused profound change in the overall architecture of many modern organisations, but it has had limited impact on the way that Government and the state are structured.
There are great innovations taking place to try to integrate services and make them more patient or user centred, but without fundamental change in the underlying structures of power and public services, their effects will be limited.
From tackling climate change and preventing sewage spilling into the sea, to helping people get work and get about—let alone get a dentist appointment—so much of the change this country badly needs is not limited to one pillar of the state, but cross-cuts different Departments.
Perhaps it is time to move away from the traditional silos of Secretaries of State for education, health, and transport, and instead adopt a more citizen-focused model.
Imagine Secretaries of State for the citizen experience, for wellbeing and prosperity, for children or for data and privacy.
If people in North Norfolk are to get the changes they deserve to our rural health and social care provision, to access and prosper in the jobs of the future and to trust politicians as the custodians of our natural environment, we need to be prepared to rewire the structures of politics and public service delivery around the needs of the people they—and all of us in this House —serve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Filton and Bradley Stoke (Claire Hazelgrove)  for such a passionate maiden speech.
She will be an excellent representative for her constituency.
It is a privilege to stand here to give my own as the first woman to represent Knowsley in Parliament.
My predecessor, Sir George Howarth, served Knowsley with dedication for over three decades.
In his maiden speech, he promised to “shout and make a fuss”—[Official Report,  26 November 1986 ;
Vol. 106, c. 289.] for his constituents.
He certainly kept that promise, serving not only as a loyal constituency MP but as a Northern Ireland Minister under a Labour Government.
I have another illustrious predecessor: the MP for Huyton from 1950 to 1983, Harold Wilson, who served as a Labour Prime Minister.
Harold transformed our economy and industry, founded the Open University, and started us on the long road to equality that we are still travelling.
He left a more equal society than he inherited, one in which far fewer got by on too little.
I am so honoured to follow in his footsteps.
Knowsley made me who I am.
I was born and raised in Cantril Farm, a so-called slum clearance estate.
My nan lived in the flats there, and I went to Brookside school, where my auntie Jean was a cleaner.
My dad worked at Ford, on the production line, and with his secure, well-paid, unionised job, my mum and dad could give me a better life than they had had.
Then, as a teenager, I got jobs in Liverpool, in Brian’s diner on Stanley Street, and at the Beatles shop, where I met Paul McCartney a few times.
I started club nights where I DJ’d, and one of them—Liquidation—is still going.
However, I am here today as a proud trade unionist.
It is the trade unions that built the Labour party.
I am proud to be a member of Unite and the GMB, and I am proud to be a former political director of Unite and  adviser to the general secretary of the TUC.
The unions are my second family, and it is because of them that I have come from the council estate to the parliamentary estate.
I know why I am here: to speak for my class, the working class.
I will not forget who I am or where I came from.
It is my duty to stand up for the people of Knowsley and to champion our strengths—our dignity, our resilience and our sense of community.
I will never talk down my part of the world or its people.
Our streets are soundtracked by the La’s and China Crisis.
Our parks and estates have nurtured footballing legends such as Peter Reid and Steven Gerrard.
We have produced the finest writers and actors of my class: Alan Bleasdale, Phil Redmond, Sue Johnston, and Stephen Graham.
They all showcase Knowsley’s creative talent.
Last Friday I met Lord Derby at Knowsley Hall, the place that gave my constituency its name.
The so-called local toff and the former council estate kid spoke about how we can work together for the betterment of Knowsley.
Knowsley Hall, where Shakespeare performed for Queen Elizabeth I, still represents our rich heritage, now revived by the Shakespeare North playhouse.
Nowadays, alongside the people of Knowsley, I count as constituents two tigers, six lions, 11 rhinos, and a horde of cheeky monkeys who will take the wipers off your car at the safari park.
In modern manufacturing, the Jaguar Land Rover car plant in Halewood not only provides jobs across my constituency, but is currently at the forefront of electrification.
We have 100-year-old family firms with solid apprenticeships that lead to skilled jobs, such as JJ Smith and Hemsec, pioneers in net zero construction.
I will fight for investment in firms like these and jobs to take pride in, which can provide a good life.
I am proud of Knowsley, but I will always be honest about what stands in our way.
Knowsley is the second most deprived constituency in the country.
When Governments have walked away from us and left us to manage decline, we have picked ourselves up and helped one another through sheer force of will, determination, resilience and solidarity.
We now have a Government who will not walk away, a Labour Government who are on our side.
In Knowsley, we have great women who lead community institutions that take care of our people every day, such as Rachael Jones at One Knowsley, Marie Stewart at Southdene community centre, Jackie Croft at Centre 63, Pam Richards at the Safari Kids Club, Caroline Grant at The First Step, and Margaret Roche at SHARe.
In 1986, when my predecessor took his place, only 6% of school leavers in Knowsley got a job.
That kind of unemployment scars families for generations.
We have never recovered from the devastation of deindustrialisation under Thatcher and 14 years of austerity.
We still face lower wages, higher poverty and fewer opportunities, and we need secure, unionised jobs on decent wages so that people can get by and their kids can get on.
It is not much to ask, but it is everything.
That is why Labour’s plan—the new deal for working people—is so close to my heart.
It will be the greatest transformation in rights at work in a generation.
In Knowsley we dream big, but the opportunities are not always there.
Teachers and school staff in Knowsley work incredibly hard, but the fact is that there is no A-level provision in my constituency.
No child should grow up under a Labour Government thinking that  they are not good enough to do an A-level, and I will do everything I can to change that, alongside delivering more and better apprenticeships.
My politics is the politics of people and of the shop floor, the bus stop, the school gate and the supermarket.
From Huyton and Kirby to Prescot, from Stockbridge village to Knowsley village, and from the Johns estate to the Tower Hill estate, I say to my constituents: “You are my priority.
I will not take you for granted.
It is the honour of my life to serve you, and I will do my very best for you.”
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Filton and Bradley Stoke (Claire Hazelgrove) and for Knowsley (Anneliese Midgley) who gave excellent speeches, showing real love for their communities.
I look forward to serving alongside them in the years ahead—country first, party second.
I know others may think it is the case for them, but must admit to the House that I have the immense privilege of representing the most beautiful constituency in Wales, and therefore the entirety of the United Kingdom.
From the spires of St Davids cathedral, to the classic car shows in Cresswell Quay, Dobby’s grave in the sand dunes of Freshwater West, and the pastel-coloured houses in Tenby, Pembrokeshire is iconic.
Even the little-known playwright William Shakespeare posed the question as to how Wales was made so happy as to  inherit such a haven.
If that were not enough, Lord Nelson declaimed that we have the finest port in Christendom.
That is praise indeed, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We have been discussing constitutional reform extensively in this debate and Pembrokeshire has always been interwoven with the story of our individual, but united, four nations: the Welsh monk Asser summoned by Alfred the Great to leave the great settlement of St Davids to advise him at court; the birth of Henry Tudor in Pembroke Castle who would later return from exile to land his army near Dale and march to Bosworth Field; and the siege of Pembroke castle by Oliver Cromwell in almost the final act of the English civil war, beginning a period of 12 years of the protectorate reigning supreme.
Since my election on  4 July , some of the more charitable correspondents have taken the opportunity to observe that I am a slightly unusual person to be a Labour MP.
I come from a farming family and there were not many Vote Labour posters around where I grew up, but times have changed and, as the son of a fierce, strong and wonderful Welsh woman, who is in the Public Gallery today, I was proud to be part of the red wave that subsumed Pembrokeshire, Wales and our United Kingdom.
My wife and I chose Pembrokeshire as our home.
I chose to join the Labour party, and now, perhaps to my father’s despair, I choose to vote and do away with hereditary peers.
I say sorry to my dad, who is sitting in the Public Gallery today, but I am here to serve the many, not the few.
Talking of family, I wish to acknowledge my wife, Poppy.
It is not fun being a political spouse—not that I would know—and she has bigger fish to fry in the law courts.
She has been a tower of strength—a real and meaningful support—and I am so grateful that she is on this journey with me.
We do not get to this place alone, and I want to thank all those true believers who stood with me and campaigned in the rain, the sleet and the snow, on the beaches, across farms and across our many rural communities to deliver a Labour MP and a Labour Government.
I am grateful to them all.
As with the history, the experiences and the tribulations of the great figures of Pembrokeshire’s history, our county has seen its fortunes rise and fall.
The fishing industry was once the largest in our United Kingdom.
The establishment of the Royal Naval Dockyard during the Napoleonic wars in Pembroke Dock cemented our county’s military legacy, which lives on to this day in Brawdy barracks and Castlemartin range.
The latter part of the 20th century saw the rise of the oil industry and the transformation of Pembrokeshire’s economic fortunes, with four oil refineries on stream by the early 1970s.
Oil has given way to gas, and the Port of Milford now has two liquefied natural gas terminals, one gas-fired power station and one oil refinery.
More than 20% of the UK’s energy comes through the port.
With the rise of renewable energy and the potential for floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, we are in a unique position to give true meaning to the term a “just transition”.
We have the talent, the skillset, the resources, and I will use my voice in this House at every given opportunity to ensure that Pembrokeshire will not only benefit from but spearhead the industries of the future.
On the subject of fortunes rising and falling, I wish to pay tribute to my predecessors, Simon Hart and Stephen Crabb.
Both were dedicated servants of the good people  of Pembrokeshire and had long and successful careers in this House.
They flew high, with both serving as Secretary of State for Wales and holding other Cabinet positions.
Their most notable acts were Stephen’s bid to be Prime Minister and Simon’s unenviable task of holding together a fragmented Tory party as Chief Whip.
I wish them both well, and I hope that Simon, the quintessential countryman, can find time for his alternative pursuits, given that his favoured sport has become something of a bête noire for my party.
As I bring my maiden speech to a close, I wish to paraphrase the words of a man greater than me and one who has already been mentioned in this debate: the inspirational and history-making Harold Wilson.
He said that the party on the Government Benches is driven every day by “a moral crusade” and that, without that mission, that purpose and that cause, we are nothing.
In my county, where we have the highest child poverty rates in Wales, those words are as true now as they were then.
I will use my time in this House to fight for fairness, to deliver real change and to stand up for all the people who live, learn and work in the wonderful community that sent me to Parliament.
The work is urgent, the time for action is now, and I am here to serve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is the privilege of my life to give my first speech in the House of  Commons as the first Labour Member of Parliament for the Filton and Bradley Stoke constituency.
Having been a candidate since 2022, it still feels rather surreal to be on this side of the election and to say those words, and in truth I hope that standing here in this awe-inspiring place will always feel at least a little surreal.
I could not be more grateful to fellow residents for the time that thousands of them have given in speaking with me and my volunteer team on their doorsteps over the years already, and for putting their faith in me to serve them well.
But no matter how people voted, I will work hard every day to serve all residents as an active, impactful and approachable MP that they can be proud of.
I come from a family of teachers, NHS workers and RAF service members, and their sense of public service runs deep in me.
I have spent my life working with and for those who too often do not have enough of a voice on issues that matter to them—on global poverty, on opportunity, on the environment and on the housing crisis.
I am at my core a campaigner and advocate.
I whole- heartedly believe in the power of community, and that lived experience is as valid in shaping policy and public services as holding multiple degrees in that same subject.
I see this role, which I am honoured to hold for a time, as being a vital jigsaw piece, joining together with others to make life fairer for people across our community and our country.
The NHS workers, the charity workers, the teachers, the carers, the innovators and the volunteers—I could go on—are the ones who bind us.
That is certainly the case across our rich tapestry of towns and villages just north of the city of Bristol in glorious South Gloucestershire.
I am determined to put the whole of the Filton and Bradley Stoke constituency—named after the oldest and youngest towns at the time of its creation, and including many distinct and vibrant communities—on the map.
It is the home of Concorde and the future of flight, with our aerospace companies setting the standard nationally and internationally.
It is the home of the lifesaving NHS Blood and Transplant, the innovative University of the West of England and the vital Ministry of Defence Abbey Wood.
It is also home to Wallace and Gromit, more places called Stoke then one could count after a few great local ciders, and a palpable belief that better days still lie ahead.
People in my constituency do not ask for too much.
We want security, stability and fairness, and to know that if we work hard, we have the same chance as anyone else to fulfil our potential.
We want to know that we will be able to provide for our families through good wages earned from decent jobs, and to enjoy life and give back in our own way.
I am incredibly grateful for the fact that even though they have been up against so much in recent years, people in my community chose to keep their faith in better.
I will work hard every day to repay that trust.
With that in mind, while it is almost impossible for any two people, let alone 75,000 of us across a constituency, to agree on everything all the time, I will always be up front with fellow residents, will listen, and will share what decisions I am making and why.
I believe that how we do things in politics matters almost as much as what we do.
I appreciate my part—my responsibility—in doing politics differently and having better conversations.
On that note, I give thanks to my predecessors.
Jack Lopresti championed defence, and I know that he will be glad of this Government’s continued support for Ukraine.
Before recent boundary changes, some local residents were served by Luke Hall, and briefly by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol North East (Damien Egan) , when he was the last Member for Kingswood.
My true thanks to them and their predecessors for their service.
I also want to give my personal thanks to two other former Members of this House who have been important in my journey to this place.
Sally Keeble was the nearest Labour MP to me when I was growing up in a village that still does not have a Labour MP.
She took me under her wing and first encouraged me to think about standing to serve in this place.
I also thank Tony Blair, whom I had the privilege of working closely with for a few years at his Institute for Global Change.
His approach to considered and considerate leadership has taught me a great deal.
It was the last Labour Government’s response to the Make Poverty History campaign that showed me that politics at its best can be an unparalleled force for good, and that significant change can happen when people power meets political power.
That is when I first found the Labour party.
I got into politics, like many, to make a difference, but I was driven every day by the simple belief that someone’s background should not determine their life chances and life choices.
That is why it feels fitting to give this speech today, in a debate that is fundamentally about how we make our Parliament better and fairer.
While I am a great supporter of British institutions and traditions, there is clearly no place in a modern Parliament for people—largely men—who can vote on legislation as a birthright, because their father did.
As a new officer of the all-party parliamentary group on financial education for young people, and as a soon-to-be member of the upcoming group focusing on political and media literacy, I will work hard and across the divide to help others to feel as confident, capable and comfortable as anyone else in these spaces.
I hope to show that if I can stand here today—a girl from a village who had, and still has, a simple belief in making life fairer—so can anyone.
I am fully committed to serving local people well, putting our priorities at the heart of the agenda and breaking down barriers to opportunity, so that everybody has their chance to thrive.
I end by thanking my family, friends, campaign team and community, who inspire me every day.
Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of a Report, dated  15 October 2024 , entitled Independent Inquiry into the issues raised by the David Fuller case—Phase 2 Interim Report—Funeral Sector.—(Taiwo Owatemi.)