The Minister is right to underline the issues for children, but can I remind him of the issues for those above the state pension age—which is increasing to 67, including for ladies—in particular when it comes to certain benefits, such as attendance allowance?
Will he look at the contract for those who are elderly and in receipt of such benefits?
We are in a situation where a staggering 28% of the country—13 million people—have a need that is unmet by NHS dentistry.
There are so many issues that we need to resolve.
We are looking at the contract with the BDA and I am more than happy to look into the issue raised by the hon.
Gentleman.
Last month, the Secretary of State for Wales told the Labour party conference that this Labour Government will “take inspiration” from Labour-run Wales on dentistry.
That is the same health system in which less than 60% of dentistry courses are being completed in comparison  with pre-pandemic figures—a rate that is far lower than in England.
Does the Minister agree that the Secretary of State for Wales is right and that Wales is a blueprint for what a Labour Government will do in England, or will they drop the bluster, get serious and commit to the dental reforms set out in the dental recovery plan, including a tie-in to NHS dentistry for graduate dentists?
I find it extraordinary
that yet
again we see a total lack of humility and contrition from the Opposition.
The key difference that we will see in how our United Kingdom works is that we now have some grown-ups in charge in Westminster, who will work with colleagues in Cardiff Bay to ensure that a rising tide lifts all boats and we improve the state of NHS dentistry across the United Kingdom.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of access to NHS mental health services.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of access to NHS mental health services.
Our mental health service is on its knees, thanks to 14 years of Tory neglect and mismanagement.
A staggering 1 million people are waiting to access mental health services, and vacancy rates are around 10%, the highest across the NHS.
This Government are committed to fixing our broken NHS so that people can be confident of accessing high-quality mental health support when needed.
That includes recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers, introducing specialist mental health professionals in every school, rolling out Young Futures hubs in every community and modernising the Mental Health Act.
Patients tell me they cannot get access to community mental health nurses, putting huge pressure on GP practices and leading to people going to A&E in desperation.
Can the Minister confirm whether the 8,500 extra mental health staff pledged in Labour’s manifesto will include much-needed nurses in the community?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is doing excellent work for the people of North Durham.
I would also like to take the opportunity to thank our mental health nurses, who do such vital and valuable work.
The Government are committed to shifting from hospital to community, and that of course includes the mental health sector.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are working with NHS England on how best to deploy those additional 8,500 mental health workers.
I wish to pay my respects to the family of Jamie Pearson, the 27-year-old Blackpool man who sadly took his own life in a local hospital in August after waiting nearly 24 hours to see a mental health worker in A&E. Jamie was in a mental health crisis, but got himself to what should have been a place of safety.
What steps is the Minister’s Department taking to ensure that no one is left to suffer in A&E because they   cannot access mental health treatment in their community, and will he meet me to discuss that tragic issue, so that we can make sure that it never happens again?