Last year, Abbi Hickson from Ashfield lost both her hands and her lower legs to sepsis.
The local hospital was very slow to diagnosis her condition, and since then she has been suffering from shortness of breath, fatigue and a lack of sleep.
This could be post-sepsis syndrome, yet nobody at the hospital has spoken to her about it.
Does the Minister agree that every single sepsis patient and survivor should be advised about this condition?
I absolutely do, and I pay tribute to Abbi, a beautiful woman whom I was privileged to meet after the Westminster Hall debate last week.
Although care after sepsis will vary hugely on a case-by-case basis, we need to make sure that the needs of each individual are met.
In this case, it sounds like they have not been met.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to meet me to discuss this issue further, I am more than happy to do so.
Given that last month was Sepsis Awareness Month, will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the courage of John Snow and his family in my Dartford constituency?
Tragically, he has just experienced a quadruple amputation due to sepsis.
He has received amazing support from the Dartford community, who have rallied around to help fund support for his family.
Will the Minister use that as a spur to improve treatment for sepsis more generally across the country?
I pay tribute to John Snow and, indeed, my hon.
Friend’s constituents, who have rallied around him at his time of need.
This matter highlights the need to have better joined-up care to ensure that people who have sepsis receive the best care possible, that those who tragically lose limbs as a consequence of sepsis are able to have good-quality aftercare, and that we continue to raise awareness of sepsis and the risks it poses.
We think that about 48,000 people a year lose their lives to sepsis, but the truth is that we do not know, because the data is inconsistent.
Will the Minister look  at establishing a national registry to track sepsis cases, so that performance can be measured, published and improved?
Given the national standards and framework that have been put in place in this regard, I hope very much that the NHS will be able to do precisely what the hon.
Gentleman wants it to do.
Yesterday was Allied Health Professions Day, which raises awareness of 14 professions, including physios, speech and language therapists, and radiographers.
Does the Minister agree that all the hard work of those professionals is really important for  patient care?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point.
The wonderful staff we have working across health and care ensure that our constituents receive, within a very tightly constrained health service, the best possible care that we can give them.
The NHS is broken.
We have to fix our broken health service, and having good-quality staff at the heart of it is how we are going to achieve that aim.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient waiting times.
Waiting times are wholly inadequate in our country.
That is because the previous Conservative Government took a golden inheritance of the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history and left behind the worst crisis in the NHS’s history.
What is more, they accept no responsibility and cannot even bring themselves to say sorry.
I pay tribute to my own family GP, Dr Islam at the East Hull family practice, who goes above and beyond for his patients.
However, I know that GPs are troubled by the amount of time patients have to wait to see them.
The disparity between GP numbers in different areas is utterly shocking.
In Kingston upon Thames, for example, a GP looks after 1,800 patients, but in Kingston upon Hull it is more than double that number.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to sort out the Tory mess of the last 14 years?
May I first, through my hon.
Friend, say thank you to Dr Islam and to GPs right across the country who, against the backdrop of the extraordinary challenges they are working through, have none the less managed to deliver more appointments now than when there were thousands more GPs?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that we do not have enough GPs in this country.
That is why, within weeks of taking office, this Government found just shy of £100 million to  put into the frontline to employ 1,000 more GPs who will be seeing patients before the end of this financial year.
That will make a real difference, and the shadow Secretary of State should have the humility and to grace accept that.
Patient waiting times are reduced dramatically through the recruitment and retention of more GPs, so will the Secretary of State welcome the work of the Anglia Ruskin medical school in Essex, and perhaps have a conversation with myself and neighbouring MPs about how that medical school could be expanded to do much more to support the recruitment and training of more MPs—more GPs in Essex?
I am sure that the right hon.
Lady does want more Conservative MPs in Essex.
She has raised an entirely constructive point, which I strongly welcome.
This Government are committed, as we were in opposition, to doubling the number of medical school places, and that means real opportunities for local medical schools such as hers.
As ever, I would of course be delighted to meet her to talk about what more can do with her local university.
The news that we are recruiting more GPs is very welcome.
I spent an afternoon shadowing a local GP and saw just how stretched the services were.
Will the Secretary of State give a commitment that we are moving towards investment in primary care services and moving from a national health service to a focus on neighbourhood health services?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that question.
When in opposition, I was delighted to spend time with a whole group of GPs from across Sheffield who showed us what primary care reform could look like.
We are committed to increasing primary care as a proportion of the NHS’s budget, which will be important, and also to building exactly the kind of neighbourhood health service she describes, with more care closer to people’s homes.
General practice has a key role to play in that.