I recently met representatives of Martins Oak and Oldwood surgeries in my constituency.
Both surgeries have ambitious plans to move to bigger premises so that they can see more  patients, but they face numerous challenges, including the gap between the lease lengths that the integrated care board will support and those that GP practices can get developers to sign up to.
There are other challenges that I am sure the Minister can help unpick, so will he meet me to see whether we can help bring those ambitious plans for new surgeries to fruition?
The hon.
Gentleman has considerable expertise in this area, given his background.
I would be happy to discuss that issue with him, but I remind him that although there may well be specific issues, there is a generic problem: the total and utter failure to ensure investment, reform and strategic thinking about our system.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Today, I am publishing the full findings of Dr Penny Dash’s review of the Care Quality Commission.
Her interim report made it clear that the CQC was not fit for purpose, with fewer inspections being carried out, urgent follow-ups being neglected and patient safety being put at risk.
Today, she makes seven recommendations for improvement, and I have made sure that the CQC has begun urgently putting them into practice.
We are also publishing a review of the CQC’s deeply flawed single assessment framework today.
Sir Julian Hartley will shortly begin as its new chief executive, with my full support.
My constituent Mark has been unable to find an NHS dentist for his 19-month-old child, even at the seventh time of trying.
My right hon.
Friend well understands the crisis he has inherited.
Will he meet me to discuss the shortage of dentistry in Stockton North and across Teesside?
I am sorry for my hon.
Friend’s constituents, and so many others who are dealing with the consequences of the Conservatives’ failure on dentistry.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss the challenges in his area.