Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Culpeper Baptist Church on their 250th anniversary.
Over the last 250 years, Culpeper Baptist Church has served as a space for the community to gather, connect, and worship.
Formed in 1774 as Mount Poney Baptist Church, the church was a place of worship open to all--Black, white, freemen, enslaved people, and servants.
The community flourished under the ideals of religious liberty, which are forever woven into the history of Culpeper Baptist Church and the fabric of our nation thanks to the actions of its third pastor, John Leland.
Leland directly petitioned then-Virginia legislator James Madison to enshrine religious liberty in our Constitution.
In 1833, Mount Poney Baptist moved to the Town of Culpeper, where it built a new church in 1858.
The church then changed its name to Culpeper Baptist Church in 1873.
Finally, in 1955, Culpeper Baptist Church moved and began services in its present-day location.
Since its inception, Culpeper Baptist Church has worked to serve the community well.
In 1949, it established a kindergarten program--now known as the Child Development Center--which has grown to serve the community.
Thanks to the labor of love poured into the program, it will celebrate 75 years of helping children from infancy through elementary school later this year.
To better assist the community, Pastor J.T. Edwards created the Virginia Baptist Home for the Aged in 1950, known today as The Culpeper.
Later, in partnership with the community, Culpeper Baptist Church renovated space within the church's building to open Generations Central Adult Day Care in May 2022, where aging adults are provided with intergenerational programming and care.
Finally, in response to the growing Latino population in Culpeper, Primera Iglesia Bautista Maranatha, the longest-serving Hispanic Church in Culpeper, was founded in 2001 at Culpeper Baptist.
The church continues to thrive today.
Throughout the last 250 years, Culpeper Baptist Church has cultivated a culture of faith and service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Culpeper Baptist Church on their 250th anniversary.
Please join me in wishing this community success as they work to foster a love for their neighbors and honor a history that upholds the American ideal of religious liberty.