Emma from Tring is one of my constituents who has said that these changes to disability benefits will mean that they will have to come out of a career in the NHS.
What does the Secretary of State have to say to those who are terrified about losing their work after changes to disability allowance?
Nine out of 10 people who are on PIP when the changes come in will be unaffected by the end of this Parliament.
Anybody who is affected will keep that benefit for three months—that is, I think, one of the longest transitional protections ever and certainly three times as long as when we move from disability living allowance to PIP.
The important Access to Work fund is there precisely to help anybody who needs that sort of support to get into work.
We will guarantee that  during those three months, anyone who is affected and who uses their PIP for work will get access to an adviser who will help them to apply for Access to Work, because it is so important that we support them.
With 800,000 people not going to be in receipt of PIP by 2029-30, we have to be honest in this House.
We all know, don’t we, that many of those people are just not able to access the healthcare that they need, such as for mental health, neurodiversity and physical health?
As a result, they will not be able to work, but they will be pushed into poverty because of these reforms.
Will the Secretary of State please, please, please pause these reforms to ensure that those people, who have desperate health needs, are not forced into poverty?
My hon.
Friend will know that this Labour Government are investing billions extra into the NHS precisely so that we can drive down waits for vital operations and increase the number of people getting mental health treatment.
It is also the case that good work is good for physical and mental health.
There is very clear evidence on that, and that is one of the things we know that we can achieve with the £1 billion extra a year in employment support.
Matching the Scottish child payment by raising the child element of universal credit would bring more than half a million children out of poverty.
The Secretary of State has been clear that a lot of issues are being considered by the child poverty taskforce.
Is raising the child element of universal credit to the level of the Scottish child payment one of those matters?
At the risk of boring the House, let me say that all levers are very much on the table when it comes to getting our kids out of poverty.
A single parent in my constituency has worked full time for more than 20 years but is now in personal crisis because universal credit is unable to reimburse the childcare costs she has paid in advance.
I hope the Minister agrees that it is deeply unfair that my constituent is left short every month despite working incredibly hard.
Will he set out ways in which the Government are supporting hard-working women with childcare needs?
My hon.
Friend’s constituent will benefit from the big increase in the universal credit standard allowance, which we have talked about, and from free school meals for her children.
Somebody who starts work or increases their hours may also be eligible for support with up-front childcare costs.
The flexible support fund can award the full cost for up to a month of fees to a childcare provider in advance of the care being delivered, so that may be an option for his constituent.
At the weekend, Vivergo and Ensus workers learned that UK negotiators had successfully protected the UK bioethanol industry until President Trump called the Prime Minister and he sold out that industry, allowing a genetically modified bioethanol to flood the market and put all  those jobs at risk.
What can the Secretary of State tell those workers who feel that they have been sold out by our Prime Minister when negotiators had successfully protected an industry of the future?
This Government will always have the backs of working people, and I believe there will be a statement shortly on our modern industrial strategy.
I know that Ministers from the Department for Business and Trade will be extremely engaged in the point that the right hon.
Gentleman has just raised.
Many new mothers in Plymouth are claiming maternity allowance, not because they are unemployed, but because they do not qualify for statutory maternity pay; they may be self-employed, have recently changed jobs or have had a pregnancy-related sickness.
Many of them have contacted me with concerns that maternity allowance is treated as unearned income and is therefore subject to universal credit deductions, unlike statutory maternity pay.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure financial security for women in Plymouth who are claiming maternity allowance?
I understand the point that my hon.
Friend makes.
The treatment of maternity allowance in universal credit was subject to a judicial review, which upheld the policy of treating it as unearned income when calculating universal credit and of treating SMP paid by employers as earnings, in common with other statutory payments made by employers.
My hon.
Friend may be interested to know that, depending on individual circumstances, additional financial support—for example, child benefit and the Sure Start maternity grant—may be available to parents.
My constituent Tirath is currently being pursued by the Child Maintenance Service for £20,000, despite having  successfully appealed the claim in 2022.
He is now at risk of losing his professional status as a pharmacist because of this process.
Will the Minister encourage the CMS to investigate that case urgently or to meet with me to discuss it?
I am very sorry to hear about the plight of the hon.
Member’s constituent.
If she would like a meeting with me, I am very happy to give her that, and I am also happy to look into the matter, as she suggests.