There are 300 more people on out-of-work benefits in Basildon and Billericay than there were 12 months ago.
Local businesses tell me that that is because business rates have gone up under the Labour Government, national insurance tax has gone up under the Labour Government and taxes on investment for the long term have gone up under the Labour Government.
Does the Minister agree, or has she got another explanation for the fact that 300 more of my constituents are unemployed than there were 12 months ago?
Our Department is determined to serve businesses well.
If the right hon.
Member would like to help his local jobcentre do that and get good jobs into the jobcentre so that we can help his constituents, I am sure that I can facilitate that.
However, he should be aware that employment is up and inactivity is down.
We are moving towards an 80% employment rate, and the Chancellor’s investment plans, as she set out in the spending review, will help us move towards that.
The Government’s proposals to change benefits have a compound consequence for people wanting to stay in work.
For example, the Department has said that 95,000 working-age claimants receive carer’s allowance and, under the proposals, would lose the PIP they receive.
Does the Minister agree that those proposals will actually make it harder for people to stay in work, rather than easier as they claim?
As the Secretary of State set out some moments ago, we are introducing the biggest improvement to employment support that the country has known.
We will ensure that people receive the help they need to get into work and to stay in work.
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent the use of the child maintenance system to facilitate economic abuse.
The issue of economic abuse through the Child Maintenance Service is a serious one, which this Government are looking to address urgently.
I am pleased to say that a response to the “Child Maintenance: Improving the collection and transfer of payments” consultation was published earlier today.
We intend to reform the CMS into a single service type, where the CMS collects and transfers all payments.
This reform will drastically reduce opportunities for economic abuse throughout the service and make sure that money gets to the children who need it.
We estimate that this change alone could lift more than 20,000 children out of poverty.
I have too many constituents whose financial abuse is effectively being perpetuated and facilitated by the Child Maintenance Service.
I have secured a meeting with the relevant Minister in the other place, but it has been postponed.
Could the Minister help me to secure a date for that meeting?
I am sure that he would agree that if the system is at fault, it needs to change.
I hope the hon.
Member has heard me say that we concur with the need for change.
We have announced changes in the right direction today, and I will of course pick up with my fellow Minister about securing that meeting for her.
I know they have already been in protracted talks about arranging it, and I will make sure it happens.
My constituent, Deborah, should receive monthly child maintenance payments for her daughter, but her former partner withholds payments, despite my complaints and hers to the DWP Child Maintenance Service complaints team, advising them that he deliberately withholds payments for three months and then backdates them.
That is a form of abuse and controlling behaviour, but the DWP complaints team have advised me today that there is  nothing they can do to prevent it, despite a deduction-from-earnings order being in place.
Does the Minister agree that that is a completely inadequate response that requires a ministerial review of the system?
I am sorry to hear about the case that my hon.
Friend has highlighted.
He will have heard the reform that I announced earlier, but I absolutely understand why he wants to raise this issue for his constituent, and if he would like to meet me to discuss it further, I would be happy to do that.
Whether she is taking steps with Cabinet colleagues to help support climate and nature targets through her Department’s pensions policies.
The short answer to that question is yes.
The Department is contributing to two consultations that will shortly be published by the Business and Energy Departments.
They will invite views on the new UK sustainability reporting standards and transition plans.
This will help investors, including pension savers and their schemes, to understand the impact of climate and nature on investments.
As a co-chair of the all-party parliamentary groups on sustainable finance and on global deforestation, I remain concerned that around £388 billion in UK pension savings is still invested in fossil fuels and deforestation-related activities.
Will the Minister reassure me further that undermining the long-term financial security of savers in South East Cornwall is not the Government’s intention, and will he commit to reviewing this, including via the Pension Schemes Bill and the landmark pensions review?
My hon.
Friend has been a powerful campaigner on this issue for some years, and she will know that larger pension schemes are now required to publish annual reports with climate-related disclosures.
The evidence shows that around two thirds of pension funds have a net zero commitment in place, and we will be reviewing those regulations over the course of this year.
It is very important that those who have pensions get a return, so that their pensions are beneficial.
It is also important to ensure that net zero is delivered, because many people who have pensions want to see that happen.
It is about getting a balance, so how will the Minister get that balance?
On the first part of the hon.
Member’s question, I do not want to get the balance, because we want to make sure that savers get the absolute best value they can for every buck they save.
I completely endorse his sentiment on that part; that is the very purpose of the Pension Schemes Bill that is coming through.
On the second part of his question, I also endorse the point that he makes.
When we look at those disclosures, we see that they set out a balance of judgments about the requirements on schemes, but they also provide greater transparency so that both individuals and the schemes themselves can take a view about the investments.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the personal independence payment on the ability of disabled people to work.
Many disabled people want to work, but only 17% of people on personal independence payments are in employment.
We believe that disabled people should have the same rights, chances and choices to work as anybody else, which is why we are delivering the biggest ever investment in employment support for sick and disabled people, quadrupling what we inherited from the Tories to over £1 billion a year, and it is why we have asked the former boss of John Lewis, Sir Charlie Mayfield, to review what more we can do to support employers to recruit and retain more disabled people.
One of my constituents, who has epilepsy, responded to the “Pathways to Work” consultation and highlighted that the questions implied that the Department views PIP as a pity payment, rather than a benefit designed to offset the extra costs of disability, such as seizure alert devices or accessible transport.
Without such support, disabled people are less able to live independently.
Does the Minister agree that cutting PIP payments simply pushes more disabled people further from living independently and from employment?
I do not recognise the attitude that the hon.
Member describes—quite frankly, we feel precisely the opposite.
This vital benefit makes a crucial contribution towards the extra costs of living with a disability.
That is why we want to reform it to protect it for generations to come, because we do not think that it is sustainable to have a doubling of the number of people on PIP over this decade from 2 million to more than 4.3 million.
It is also why we are putting in extra employment support, why we want to support employers to do more to recruit and retain disabled people, and why we want to reform Access to Work—a vital scheme that helps people—because disabled people should have equal rights, chances and choices to work, and that is what we seek to deliver.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting PACT for Autism, a brilliant local charity in Harlow.
It raised concerns about the accessibility of the PIP application process for those with autism.
As the Department looks to reform the process, could that be considered?
I absolutely will consider that.
In fact, I ask my hon.
Friend and his constituents to feed into the work that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability is doing.
We have to ensure that it is as easy and effective as possible to access that vital benefit.
It is crucial for people with autism, and we want to make it work properly.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in Stroud.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in North Durham constituency.
Given our objective to reduce the number of children in poverty overall, I expect the impact of the child poverty strategy on children in Stroud to be positive, as all children benefit when the whole community can rely on children enjoying a good childhood.
We will publish the child poverty strategy as soon as possible, but, as we have said, we are not waiting to act.
The Secretary of State has listed a number of initiatives that we have already been getting on with.
In Stroud, after 14 years of austerity, over 4,000 children are living in poverty.
A recent Joseph Rowntree Foundation report stated that after removing the two-child limit, the next most effective way of reducing child poverty is to get rid of the benefit cap.
Would the Minister be willing at least to review the benefit cap?
As the Secretary of State has already said, all policies that can lift children out of poverty are under consideration by the taskforce.
We obviously will not commit to any policy without knowing how we will pay for it; neither, as I have said, will we wait to act if there are steps we can take immediately.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, which I will take as input to the child poverty taskforce.
I also take this opportunity to thank all colleagues who have participated in the five parliamentary sessions that the taskforce has hosted since November 2024.
Will the Minister give an update on the work the Department is doing with the North East Mayor Kim McGuinness’s child poverty reduction unit to tackle the specific drivers of that issue in our region?
Child poverty is a significant challenge in the north-east, and that is why it is right that Mayor Kim McGuinness participated in an early session of the taskforce and has shaped the agenda since then.
The child poverty unit engages regularly with colleagues from the north-east and will hold a dedicated session on strategy with the north-east child poverty commission this week.
Mayors have been absolutely critical to the development of the strategy, and we will continue to work closely with them.
As in Stroud and the north-east, children in poverty rely on food banks to get by—6,617 food parcels in my constituency alone.
Will the Government take the advice of the Trussell Trust and seek and follow independent advice on the universal credit standard allowance?
As Labour’s manifesto said, the emergency food parcels that we have seen are a “moral scar” on our country.
That is why I am glad that, as Ministers have said, we are increasing the standard allowance for the first time in—as long as I can remember, certainly.
I am also pleased that emergency food parcels were down this year.
What steps she is taking to encourage people who are out of work to accept jobs that they are offered.
If a person is out of work and is offered a job, they are required to accept appropriate work that is offered to them.
The focus of our Get Britain Working reforms is to address the current situation whereby nearly 3 million people are out of work sick and not actively looking for work, and 1.7 million people are out of work but are not getting the help they deserve from the existing jobcentre system.
R and J Yorkshire’s Finest butchers in Kirkby Malzeard have had multiple job applications via jobcentres from people who they think never had an intention of going to interview or taking a job.
May I urge the Minister to look at how incentives and penalties are matched up, to ensure that people actually turn up to interview and take a job?
The right hon.
Gentleman mentions a problem that I think is central to the situation that we have inherited.
That is why, as I mentioned in response to  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , we are changing the way that DWP acts, so that we serve employers better and match people who actually want to move into those jobs.
If the right hon.
Gentleman would allow me, I will connect him with his local jobcentre manager, so that he can link up the businesses he mentions.
What steps she is taking to support severely disabled people who will never be able to work in East Worthing and Shoreham constituency.
Protecting those who can never work is at the heart of our welfare reforms.
That is why, in the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill, we are ensuring that those with severe, lifelong conditions, which will never improve and which mean they will never work, and those at the end of their lives are guaranteed the higher rate of the universal credit health top-up, protecting one in 10 of all future universal credit health top-up claims.
We are also going further by ensuring that those who meet the severe conditions criteria are never again reassessed, in order to stop unnecessary anxiety and stress, helping 200,000 people over this Parliament.