I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, but he will forgive me.
I am not going to enter into a history lesson from the Dispatch Box, except to remind him that on Sunday I achieved 25 years as an elected parliamentarian.
During the course of that period, there have, of course, been debates about regime change.
I also remind him that the US has been clear that its intention is to target the nuclear threat.
We should keep that in mind.
Will the Foreign Secretary now concede that the international community’s unwillingness to take robust action through things like the snapback mechanism and the JCPOA is part of the reason that Israel felt the need to take the initial strikes and America to do likewise?
I agree that diplomatic means will ultimately be the only long-term resolution,  but that means not just asking nicely for Iran to put its nuclear weapons away, but enforcing that and ensuring it does so through such mechanisms.
Will the Foreign Secretary ensure that if we are not going to be involved in military action—I understand why we might not want to do that—we will ensure that robust action is taken, and that it is underpinned by measures that will force Iran to do the right thing, rather than just hoping that it will do the right thing?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman—I know he knows how difficult it is to deal with Iran.
He will remember that under the JCPOA, Iran was allowed to enrich to 3.67%; today, it is at 60%.
The question is, how could that possibly be for civilian use?
I challenged the Iranian Foreign Minister on that on Friday.
We have had seven rounds of negotiations with the Iranians, which began under the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government; he was Foreign Secretary for a period of that.
Iran has obfuscated and deceived—the time now is to get real.
Will the Foreign Secretary assure the House that while we all want to see urgent de-escalation, the escalating conflict in Iran will not take focus from the UK’s efforts to end the devastating war in Gaza, help the Palestinian people, free the hostages and lift restrictions on humanitarian and medical aid?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
The loss of life over the past few days—hundreds of people who lost their lives queuing for food—is appalling and should offend us all.
Of course, when I spoke to Israel’s Foreign Minister yesterday, I reminded him once again of my deep concerns over the new system that Israel has put in place to deliver aid and of our belief that that system cannot and will not work, and that we need to return to a much better provision.
The Foreign Secretary has said that Iran must not be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.
Does he therefore support the recent targeted strikes by the United States and Israel on Iranian nuclear facilities: yes or no?
If not, can he explain how exactly that inaction would have curtailed Iran’s nuclear ambitions?
I am afraid I am not able to give an assessment of the effectiveness of that action at this stage, and neither is the United States.
The hon.
Lady may think that that is a binary question, but I do not believe it is.
What the UK is engaged in is diplomacy, and we are working, of course, with our closest ally, the United States.
I associate myself with the Foreign Secretary’s condemnation of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, but we need to match that condemnation with accountability.
Here in the UK, Jewish communities in particular are deeply concerned about what lies ahead.
Last week, the Iranian ambassador acknowledged before the Foreign Affairs Committee that MI5 had identified 22 threats on British soil that had been organised by the Iranian regime.
What is the Foreign Secretary’s message to Jewish communities, who are in a state of high alert at the moment, wondering what will happen?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Iranian regime is the world’s worst sponsor of state terrorism and state threats.
We have three individuals who were arrested under the National Security Act 2023 moving through our judicial system.
I want to reassure those in the Jewish community in our country that we take those threats very seriously, and I and the Home Secretary will do all we can to keep them, their buildings, their institutions and their families safe.
As usual, I agree with much of what the Foreign Secretary has to say, but I have to ask him this: how many times must a terrorist-funding, fanatical regime threaten to wipe another country from the face of the earth before a Government advised by Lord Hermer of Chagos acknowledge that military action to delay and degrade its nuclear weapons programme is both ethically and legally justifiable?
I simply say to the right hon.
Gentleman, with all respect, that there is a convention in our country about the very important role that Attorneys General play in our Government.
They are able to give the Government advice when asked for it; that happens under all Governments.
I do not really recognise the caricature that I have heard or some of the reports.
I want to make it crystal clear that we were not involved in this action and therefore some of what is being said is wholly beyond the pale.
Many constituents contacted me over the weekend, fearful of the fallout from US intervention in Iran.
They know, and we know, that wars do not make the world a safer place, but make it much more dangerous.
Their concerns are not unwarranted.
In 2002, Netanyahu offered a guarantee that regime change in Iraq would bring “enormous positive reverberations” to the region.
We now know that there was no imminent threat and no evidence of weapons.
The scale of the disaster, not just in Iraq but across the region, was so profound that the Chilcot inquiry insisted that any future military intervention must be met with rigorous scrutiny.
Does the Foreign Secretary accept the need for such scrutiny, and will he reassure the House again that we will not enter an endless war fuelled by reckless provocateurs?
I was in the House during the period in which Chilcot was doing his work, and I reassure my hon.
Friend that our Government—and, I hope, all future UK Governments—have learned from its findings.
The Foreign Secretary has confirmed that Britain was not involved in the strikes on Iran.
Will he also confirm whether the US Administration sought permission to use Diego Garcia as the launch point for the strikes?
If permission was sought and denied, on what basis did the Prime Minister deny permission?
If it was not sought, what does it say about the UK-US relationship that America would rather fly around the world from Missouri than launch from Diego Garcia?
They did not seek that advice.