Recently I met Kathryn from my constituency who had to give up a £90,000-a-year job in order to care for her husband.
With 150,000 carers set to lose their allowance due to PIP eligibility reforms, some of our country’s most hard-pressed households face losing £8,000 a year.
Will the Minister confirm that even if the welfare reforms work out to the most optimistic expectations, there will be far more net losers that net gainers among PIP claimants?
Among households as a whole, there will be more net gainers than net losers from the package.
The reason for that is the increase to the standard allowance of universal credit, which according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies is the biggest increase to the headline rate of benefit since at least 1980.
We are consulting on support for those who will lose carer’s allowance because of the changes and considering what additional help they may need, including for health and care needs.
The hon.
Member will have seen in the Bill we have published that we have committed to a 13-week run-on of benefit after an assessment decision so that people have time to adjust to the new situation.
What steps she is taking to support people on universal credit into work.
What steps she is taking to support people on universal credit into work.
We are building a new jobs and careers service for all, including those on universal credit, as the cornerstone of our Get Britain Working reforms.
This new service will build towards an 80% employment rate, closing the gaps between disabled people and others and between parents and those without caring responsibilities, and dealing with the crisis in youth unemployment.
We are also changing universal credit to stop people being left on the scrapheap, as per our “Pathways to Work” Green Paper.
Last week, I held an emergency community meeting for 250 workers in my constituency who are about to lose their jobs following the closure of the electric fibreglass site in Hindley Green.
It was heartbreaking.
Some families have three generations of workers who  have powered the blast furnace and produced materials for our energy, defence and housing sectors.
I am bitterly disappointed that after the hard graft of the Government, me, the Mayor of Greater Manchester and the GMB union, it has come to this, and another foreign company is closing a blast furnace in our country.
What is the Minister doing to get workers like those back into work, so that they can do what they want to do, which is contribute to a strong industrial future?
Specifically on the business that my hon.
Friend mentioned, the Department’s rapid response service has worked with those affected and is keen to do more.
I will personally ensure that he is put in touch with my colleagues in the Department so that he can help facilitate that, too.
More broadly, like many industrial communities, my hon.
Friend’s constituency deserves more good jobs.
Our industrial strategy will help lead the way on that, as will the Chancellor’s investment plans set out in the recent spending review.
I know that if my hon.
Friend feels that we need to do more for his constituency, he will not hold back in telling us.
My constituent Tracy is living in local authority temporary accommodation after fleeing domestic violence.
She is currently trapped on universal credit because the cost of her accommodation is way beyond anything she could earn locally—by a factor of about 10.
As a single young person, she faces years before she is likely to be allocated a flat, and she is rightly concerned that future employers would question her years of unemployment and under-employment.
She wants to work full time but has been advised not to do so.
Does the Minister agree that we need to do something to address the cliff edge?