I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as an officer of the all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment.
A recent freedom of information request by the Royal National Institute of Blind People found that thousands of recipients whose primary health condition is listed as eye disease are set to lose out from the reforms to PIP, with referrals to the RNIB’s counselling services more than doubling since the Secretary of State announced the reforms.
There are over 3,500 people in Leicester with sight impairment.
What is her Department doing to help those constituents, given these harmful changes to PIP?
I know the brilliant work that the RNIB does and the brilliant sight services locally in Leicester—I have visited them myself.
I would say to the hon.
Gentleman that nine out of 10 people who are claiming PIP when these changes come into place will be unaffected by them.
We are going to see 750,000 more people claiming PIP by the end of this Parliament compared with when we are elected, and, even with these changes, spending will still be £8 billion higher.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud of the steps this Labour Government are taking to tackle child poverty.
Our historic expansion of free school meals to families on universal credit will lift 100,000 children out of poverty and tackle term-time hunger.
That is alongside the £2.5 billion we are investing in the household support fund, and our commitment to funding the holiday activities and food programme, which will tackle holiday hunger too.
Making sure that children have hungry minds, not hungry bellies, will help them to fulfil their potential in life, and that is what this Labour Government are all about.
Closing the disability employment gap is a matter of opportunity for disabled people in my constituency.
I recently visited M&M Supplies, a stand-out company in Bletchley, not only for its many exporting successes but because a quarter of its workforce are adults with learning disabilities and difficulties—and that is thanks mainly to the vision of managing director Frank Purcell, who works with organisations like MK SNAP to run a work experience programme for adults with disabilities.
What assurances can my right hon.
Friend give me that this Government are committed to working with employers to ensure that no disabled people in my constituency are written off?
I congratulate, through my hon.
Friend, those in his constituency on the fantastic work that he has described.
I recently visited an incredible supported internship programme that helps young people with learning disabilities to get work and stay in work, including in our local NHS and with our local hotel voco in the heart of Leicester.
This Government are determined to tackle the disability employment gap, which fell under the last Labour Government, although movement stalled under the Tories.
We are going to turn this around with the biggest ever investment in employment support, introducing mandatory disability pay gap reporting and looking at what more we can do to support brilliant employers, like the one my hon.
Friend described, to recruit and retain more disabled people.