Two weeks ago, the hon.
Gentleman’s Government told people they were U-turning on winter fuel payments because the economy is on a “firmer footing”.
The next day, the unemployment figures were released, showing that a quarter of a million jobs have been lost since the Chancellor’s job-taxing Budget.
The country is now losing 100,000 jobs a month.
These figures are worse than even the most pessimistic forecast.
Is that what a firm footing looks like to the hon.
Gentleman?
A firm footing for economic recovery looks like kicking the Conservative party out of office and growing the economy once again, and that is what we see if we look at the data.
The hon.
Lady likes to look at one month’s data—well, let us look at it.
Data from the Office for National Statistics show that vacancies rose by 27% between April and May.
I know the Conservatives want to pretend that everything was wonderful a year ago, but every business and every voter in this country knows that that was not the case.
Honestly, who does the Minister think he is fooling with this spiel?
Growth forecasts have been slashed and inflation has surged.
What world is he living in?
The Government have been in office for a year and people are losing their jobs because of the decisions that they have made.
How does he think his “everything’s fine” mantra actually sounds to one of the people who have lost their jobs or to a business facing a tax bill that it cannot afford?
Has the Secretary of State even told her Back Benchers, who will be strong-armed into voting for cuts next week, that the welfare cuts Bill that we will be debating will get a grand total of zero people into work, according to the Government’s own impact assessment?
The hon.
Lady asks about what is going on with the economy.
What is going on is that we have had four rate cuts over the past year.
What is going on is that we have signed three trade deals over the past year.
What is going on is that employment has gone up and inactivity has gone down.
I know that the Opposition love to latch on to one month’s data, but let us look at the whole period of this Government: wages have increased by more under this party in the past 10 months than they did in the first 10 years of the Conservative Government.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
The current PIP application process is outdated and can be very difficult to follow.
Alongside proposed legislative changes, the Department’s health transformation programme will greatly improve the experience of applying and, I hope, increase confidence in the outcomes of the assessment as a result.
The response to my recent written question on disability benefits applications listed the 18 most common disabilities and health conditions and showed that hundreds of thousands of people were awarded fewer than four points in all living activities and will miss out on the daily living component of PIP.
They include people like Jemima in Harpenden, who suffers from severe physical disabilities and thyroid cancer and finds even walking very difficult.
Will the Government please commit to reforming the criteria to better reflect the full complexity of claimants’ conditions?
I recognise that many people who are on the PIP daily living component who did not get four points on anything at their last assessment are feeling rather anxious.
However, what they need to know—I hope the hon.
Member will reassure her constituents on this—is that it is the view of the Office for Budget Responsibility that most of them will nevertheless still have their PIP after their fresh assessment once the changes have been introduced.
They will be introduced in November next year and an individual’s assessment will take place whenever their first award review is after that date.
The OBR is confident and clear that most of those people will keep their PIP.
Over 4,500 people in Ely and East Cambridgeshire claim PIP, and they are not just anxious, as you put it; they are seriously worried that they are going to lose the payments and, with them, their independence.
Contrary to what you said—sorry, contrary to what the Minister said—the Government’s own data suggests that 85% of people getting standard payments and 11.5% of those getting enhanced payments will lose support under the proposed changes.
What steps is the Minister taking to support those who will be affected, including to make sure that their health and eligible care needs are met and, most importantly, that they can maintain their independence?
I suggest that, in future, shorter questions might prevent mistakes such as “you”.
It is really important for claimants of PIP that its funding should be sustainable into the future.
The trajectory of the past few years has been unsustainable.
We are taking action to put that right.
The hon.
Member is wrong to say that because people did not get four points last time, they will not keep their PIP.
As I said, the view of the OBR, which I think is correct, is that most of them will.
We are consulting on how to support those who will lose their PIP as a result of the changes that we have announced.
Ministers have highlighted that the PIP recipients who are expected to lose payments make up one in 10 of the total PIP caseload.
That suggests that the impact of the cuts will be limited, but it still represents 370,000 current recipients, who are expected to lose £4,500 on average.
However, those numbers rest on a set of assumptions that the OBR has described as “highly uncertain”.
DWP data shows that 1.3 million people currently receiving PIP daily living payments would not meet the new criteria.
Before MPs are asked to vote on imposing such appalling poverty, will the DWP or the OBR provide further evidence underpinning those claims?
The OBR has published its assessment, and my hon.
Friend is right that it has assessed that one in 10 of those receiving PIP in November next year will have lost it by 2029-30—one in 10; not the much larger proportion that we were hearing about earlier.
Following that, we will be able to introduce the biggest ever investment in employment support for people out of work on health and disability grounds.
We do not want any longer to trap people on low incomes for years and years; we want people to be able to enter work and fulfil their ambitions.
That is what the investment will allow.
Is it not the simple and sad truth that any MP who votes for the upcoming welfare Bill will be voting to take PIP from disabled people who need assistance to cut up their food, wash themselves and go to the toilet?
No.
Members will be voting for reforms to open up opportunities for people who have been denied opportunities for far too long.
We are putting that right.