Two weeks ago, the IAEA produced a report that was damning of the Iranian regime.
Iran was not co-operating, and was breaching its obligations.
It had more than 400 kg of uranium enriched to 60%, far beyond any level needed for a civilian nuclear programme, and enough material to create at least nine nuclear devices, while its nuclear facilities were buried deep underground to hide its programme—and all this from a despotic authoritarian regime that represses and tortures its own people, is committed to the annihilation of Israel, the world’s only Jewish state, is responsible for so much of the suffering in the region through its sponsorship of terrorist proxies, is supporting Putin in his illegal war against Ukraine, and is involved in plots and activities to undermine our national security here at home on a daily basis.
It is for these reasons, and for many more, that the Iranian regime must never be allowed to have nuclear weapons.
That is why we stand with those who are working to stop them—the House will know that, as His Majesty's Opposition, we will always put the defence and security of our country first—and why we will work constructively with the Government to secure the protection of the British people and our national interests.
We will support the Government when they are doing the right thing, but we will also question, challenge and press Ministers to go further when we think that more needs to be done to safeguard our interests, and it is in that spirit of constructive scrutiny in the national interest that I put these questions and points to the Foreign Secretary.
First, British nationals and dual nationals continue to be stranded in Israel and the middle east owing to airspace closures.
I have written to the Foreign Secretary about this matter, and note the progress being made with today’s flight.
I thank the Foreign Office for the work that it has been doing with many families with whom I have also been in touch, who have been able to get on to that flight today.
Can the Foreign Secretary tell us how many British nationals may need to be repatriated?
What resources are being deployed to support those efforts?
Is there enough capacity to match the number of people who need to leave, and why does it seem that the US and other European countries were ahead of us in their operational planning to bring back their citizens?
The Foreign Secretary has mentioned the US embassy’s advice, and he has given advice to British nationals in Qatar today.
Will there be any further notifications for other British nationals in Gulf Co-operation Council states?
Secondly, on Iran’s nuclear programme, the Foreign Secretary could not say on radio this morning how effective the weekend’s strikes were.
I understand that it will take time to get information, but if more strikes to further degrade Iran’s nuclear capacities are planned, will the Government consider supporting them?
The Government have not taken a clear position on the actions that the US and Israel have taken, but we have seen reports of the apparent legal advice from the Attorney General cautioning against UK involvement.
While I appreciate that the Foreign Secretary cannot comment on any legal advice, do the Government have a position on the lawfulness of the strikes, and does he welcome the ends as well as the means?
Does he share my cynicism about Iran’s attempt to cloak itself in the UN charter—the same UN charter that it has undermined for decades through its brutality?
Can the Foreign Secretary confirm whether the US will be permitted to take action from Diego Garcia should future strikes on Iran or actions to defend Israel be needed, or do the Government think that there are legal barriers to the US doing so?
Thirdly, with heightened tensions in the region, can the Foreign Secretary give an update on what further steps are being taken to safeguard British military assets in the region and our partners from any unwise military action taken by the Iranian regime?
Given the reports over the weekend of a suspected Iranian spy plot targeting our base in Cyprus, are we now stepping up efforts to protect bases?
Fourthly, what steps are being taken across Government and with our police, counter-terrorism and security services to reassess the domestic threat level?
The Foreign Secretary cannot go into operational details, so can he give an assurance that robust action and disruptions to any potential Iran-backed plots are under way?
He rightly mentioned the issue of Gaza and the fact that we absolutely must work together to ensure that humanitarian aid gets to people who are desperately in need of it.
Can the Foreign Secretary update us on what steps he has taken to engage with Israel to get more aid into Gaza, and does he agree that Iran must be weakened to end its ability to sponsor Hamas and other terrorists in the region?
I am very grateful for the co-operative tone in which the right hon.
Lady has made her remarks.
Quite rightly, she has a number of questions that I will  attempt to answer, but let me begin by saying that, fundamentally, we are in agreement that the regime in Iran can never have a nuclear weapon, and all our efforts are designed to ensure that that is the case.
The whole House will understand that this is not just about Iran, the region and global security; we have to remain steadfast in our commitment not to see nuclear proliferation.
If Iran got a nuclear weapon, others in the region would clearly seek to follow.
It is, therefore, a sober commitment, beginning 80 years ago, that we must see to completion in relation to those ambitions.
The right hon.
Lady asks about British nationals in Israel.
Just over 4,000 British nationals have registered their interest following our appeal last week, and judging by the pattern in previous crises in Israel and the region, we estimate that between 15% and 20% of them will take up the offer of British assistance to leave.
As she knows, the airspace has been closed, so that offer—until this point—has been about getting them to the border, but I am very pleased that a flight has landed and taken off, and we hope to work with the Israeli Government on further flights from the area.
My understanding is that the Americans have put on a military plane from Israel for its citizens, but she will understand that the uniqueness of the relationship between the United States and Israel facilitated that opening, and I am very pleased we have been able to garner the same agreement with the Israeli Government.
This is an ongoing and fast-moving situation, and she has heard what I have advised British nationals in Qatar today.
Of course, we keep this under close review, and there may need to be further updates over the next few days.
It was important that I was in Washington DC to sit down with the US Administration, and in that meeting with Marco Rubio and Steve Witkoff last week, it was very clear to me that all options were on the table and that President Trump had those options in front of him.
I of course discussed with them in detail the trip I would be making to Geneva, alongside my French and German counterparts and the European High Representative, and they were keen and hopeful that it might be successful.
It was not successful, but we continue to press the Iranians to take the off ramp and get into negotiations with the United States and the E3 to ensure that they are in compliance.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the legal advice.
That must rightly be a matter for the US Government in relation to their action.
I am pleased that she mentioned the ministerial code.
She will know that paragraph 2.13 of the ministerial code prevents those of us in government —and she has been in government in the past—discussing legal advice so that Government can operate in the appropriate way.
However, I would say to her that this was not our action.
We have been clear that we were not involved.
She asked whether we had any request from the US Government.
We did not get such a request, but we were notified before the action took place.
The right hon.
Lady also asked about state threats, and it is right to say that we have thwarted 20 such state threats in this country since 2022.
She will know, including from the fact that we put Iran in the highest tier for national interference, that we take the threats from Iran very seriously.
We are reviewing the gaps that Jon Hall  found in how we deal with state threats in our country, and we will come forward with legislation in the coming months.