I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
Economic inactivity is higher in Scotland than in the UK as a whole, and a staggering one in six young Scots are not in education, employment or training.
We have delivered an extra £9 billion for Scotland over the spending review—the biggest settlement in the history of devolution—and I hope the SNP will match our ambition to get people who can work into work by investing in employment services, not cutting them, as they have in recent years.
The expansion of free school meals will massively help families in my constituency of Gloucester and take them out of poverty.
Can the Secretary of State confirm how many more families in Gloucester will be eligible for free school meals under the Government’s expansion, and what steps is she taking with the Secretary of State for Education to ensure that every child is able to access that support?
This vital step will benefit 7,560 children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
It comes on top of rolling out free breakfast clubs, starting with Calton and Grange primary schools in his constituency, our new fair repayment rate in universal credit, and the first ever permanent, above-inflation increase in the standard allowance of universal credit, a vital part of our welfare reforms, putting more money into the pockets of hard-working families and helping to give all children the best start in life.
At the lobby last week by the food banks, a number of people expressed the wish to have greater facilities to educate their clients with respect to shopping and preparing meals more effectively.
They make a fair point, don’t they?
As the former chair of Feeding Leicester, I know that many of our food banks offer a range of support, helping to signpost people to mental health treatment, debt advice and other measures to improve their wellbeing.
They certainly do not need any advice from Conservative Members.
Under their watch, we saw 900,000 more children and 200,000 more pensioners in poverty.
It is time they took a lesson from this side of the House to get this issue right.
Probably the largest single driver of child poverty in my communities is the enormous cost of housing.
The average house price in my community is up to 13 times average household incomes.
That drives grinding poverty, particularly among children.
Will the Secretary of State have a word with her right hon.
and hon.
Friends in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that a disproportionate amount of housing grant goes to rural communities such as mine, in particular with the Windermere Gateway scheme?
Reducing housing costs is one of the key things we are looking at in the child poverty taskforce in advance of our strategy, which we will publish in the autumn.
We are investing an additional £39 billion in building more social, affordable and other homes, but I will, of course, always raise all issues relating to housing, because kids deserve to live in good homes that are affordable.
That is what this Government intend to achieve.
As is the case for my hon.
Friends the Members for Livingston (Gregor Poynton) and for Gloucester (Alex McIntyre),  a number of my constituents are affected by the two-child cap, with the latest statistics showing that 330 households in my constituency are impacted.
I absolutely agree with a number of charities that removing the cap alone is not a silver bullet to tackle child poverty, but it will make a difference.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm whether the child poverty taskforce is considering the removal of the two-child cap?