When the Government’s own impact assessment for the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper suggests that 50,000 children will be plunged into poverty and businesses are already slashing vacancies in the light of the Employment Rights Bill, does the Secretary of State really believe that the Government’s child poverty taskforce is pushing in the same direction as the rest of the Government?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that that assessment does not take into account all the steps that we are taking to get more sick and disabled people into work, with the biggest ever investment into support—support that was denied to them by Conservative Members, who wrote people off, consigned them to a life on benefit and then blamed them.
We take a different approach.
We believe that sick and disabled people should have the same rights, chances and choices to work as anybody else.
That will be a key measure in tackling poverty.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the level of unemployment.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the level of unemployment.
We all know the importance of work, and since the election we have seen employment rise by 500,000, but Britain is a country that has too few young adults in work or education, and where the post-pandemic employment recovery has taken too long.
That is why we will continue our reforms to support more people into work.
To cut spending and balance the books, Labour has to get people off welfare, but the Chancellor’s job tax and the Deputy Prime Minister’s unemployment
Bill mean that there are fewer jobs for them to go to.
Some 285 more of my constituents are out of work than last year, and since the Budget a quarter of a million  jobs have vanished.
A rise in public sector roles in the same period is probably masking a far deeper crisis going on in the private sector.
There is no joined-up thinking.
Has the Secretary of State warned her Cabinet colleagues that their policies are making her job impossible?