Title: CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE SELBYVILLE VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
132

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE SELBYVILLE VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY

HON.
LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER

Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the centennial

anniversary of the Selbyville Volunteer Fire Company.
Just over 100

years ago, a group of young men saw a need in their community, decided

to act, and established this company.
Now, a century later, it has

grown into what it is today--a critical part of the Selbyville

community with a legacy of exceptional service.
In addition to this occasion being a chance for fellowship and

comradery between those in uniform, it is also an opportunity for the

rest of us, whom the members of the Company serve, to pause and express

our gratitude for their selfless and dangerous work.
To these firefighters: we in Delaware know the risk each of them

takes when they put on their uniforms and go to work each day.
And to

take on these risks is as remarkable as it is inspiring.
Our state

would not enjoy the same peace of mind without people like them

answering the call and volunteering their time to protect our

communities.
In Delaware, we are incredibly proud to have so many wonderful

volunteer firefighters

up and down our state.
I am proud to be their Congresswoman, and

especially as a member of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, I am

Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to

everyone at the Selbyville Volunteer Fire Company for this historic

accomplishment and thank them for their selfless service.
Here's to the

next hundred years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DETROIT CITY CHESS CLUB

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I want to celebrate the outstanding

achievements of the Detroit City Chess Club and congratulate its

members as they celebrate 20 years.
Under the incredible leadership and vision of Mr. Kevin Fite, Detroit

City Chess Club's founder, students from across Detroit Public Schools

have been recognized regionally and nationally for their skills.
Inspired by the popularity and success of the teams he coached at

Detroit's Duffield Elementary and Middle Schools; Coach Fite founded

the Detroit City Chess Club in 2003.
He leveraged a partnership with

the Detroit Institute of Arts to provide a permanent home for students

to play outside of regular school hours.
Since then, Detroit City Chess Club has strived to engage young

people in the game of chess.
The club has grown from only a handful of

members at its inception to reaching thousands of students and adults

alike.
The Detroit City Chess Club has played all over the world,

winning 15 National titles, 16 regional championships, 28 state

championships, and hosting 4 individual No.
1 players in the U.S.

The 12th Congressional District is proud to recognize the Detroit

City Chess Club, its members, and volunteers for their outstanding

contributions to our community as we wish them well on 20 years of

gamesmanship, education, and camaraderie.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING WINAMAC COIL SPRING'S 75TH ANNIVERSARY IN BUSINESS

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize and congratulate

Winamac Coil Spring, Inc. on 75 years of doing business in Indiana's

Second Congressional District.
For more than 7 decades, Winamac Coil Spring has been a leading

manufacturer of compression, extension single and double torsion

springs, and wireforms.
I am proud to represent the ``RV Capital of the World'' in Congress.
The work Winamac Coil Spring has done for 3-quarters of a century has

played a meaningful role in allowing our District to have and maintain

that distinction.
The professional, quality work Winamac Coil Spring does is not

limited to the recreational vehicle industry, however.