She was also

critical in leading my legislative team's work on the House

Appropriations Committee, ensuring the Central Valley had a seat at the

table when it came to funding the federal government.
One of her most significant accomplishments during her time in my

office was her leadership on the Working to Advance Tangible and

Effective Reforms (WATER) for California Act.
This sweeping water

legislation was made possible because of the months of effort on behalf

of Mrs. Earl, and I am incredibly grateful for her work on this issue

which is so critical for Central Valley communities and our local

economy.
After nearly a decade spent in both Oklahoma and Washington

D.C., Mrs. Earl would depart my office in March of this year and return

to her beloved home state of Texas with her husband, Andrew.
While her

welcoming personality, signature quick wit, and leadership in our

office are all greatly missed, I am incredibly excited for Mrs. Earl as

she begins this exciting new chapter of her life.
Knowing Amanda, her

character, work ethic, and compassion for others, I have no doubt there

are many great things ahead for her.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in honoring Mrs. Amanda (Hall) Earl for her

service to our country and wishing her the very best in this next

chapter of her life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MONONGAHELA CHURCH OF THE

NAZARENE

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate

the congregation of the Monongahela Church of the Nazarene in

Monongahela, Pennsylvania for 100 years of service to God and the

surrounding community.
The Monongahela Church of the Nazarene was originally organized with

24 members on July 25, 1923, the small group of members sought God's

will for their lives.
The congregation held tent meetings until the

physical church was built and established nearly a decade later.
Rev.

Frank Strickler from the California Church of the Nazarene, aided by

David Mitchell, became the Church's first Pastor.
Throughout the years,

the church was blessed with the spiritual leadership of nine Pastors.
In 2000, Reverend Raymond DiCamillo became the current Pastor of the

church.
Under his leadership, the Monongahela Church of the Nazarene

remains committed to reaching the lost, helping those in need, and

loving those they meet.
With the Holy Spirit guiding them, they look

forward to building on this storied history for the next 100 years.
Mr. Speaker, the Monongahela Church of the Nazarene's story is deeply

rooted in our great Nation's origins.
On behalf of the people of

Pennsylvania's 14th Congressional District, I congratulate them on

their 100th anniversary and thank them for their service to

southwestern Pennsylvania's faith community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DEACON BENJAMIN SWINTON

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a faithful

servant, trusted counselor, and cherished community leader, Deacon

Benjamin ``Ben'' Swinton.
Deacon Swinton, a lifelong friend and

supporter, transitioned from this life on July 26, 2023, in Sumter,

South Carolina.
His compassion and kindness will be sorely missed.
Mr. Benjamin Swinton was born on September 10, 1929, in Sumter, South

Carolina.
He attended Sumter City Schools and graduated from Lincoln

High School in 1954, where he was a gifted athlete.
Upon graduating

high school, Mr. Swinton pursued higher education at North Carolina A&T

University and completed his coursework at Morris College in Sumter,

graduating Magnum Cum Laude.
Mr. Swinton also dutifully served our

nation in the United States Army.
After graduating from Morris College, Mr. Swinton pursued a career in

public service.
He served as a counselor and planner at the Wateree

Community Actions Agency before joining the South Carolina Vocational

Rehabilitation Center, where he served for 21 years before his

retirement.