From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION DISTRICT OF

COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the National Capital

Planning Commission District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
This bill would

remove the authority of the National Capital Planning Commission

(NCPC), a federal agency, to review or approve the development of

District of Columbia-owned real property.
This bill would also remove

the requirement that the D.C. Mayor get NCPC's approval before selling

D.C.-owned real property and allow D.C. agencies to transfer

jurisdiction over D.C.-owned real property among themselves without

NCPC's approval.
Under federal law, NCPC has approval authority for the development of

D.C.-owned buildings located in the ``central area,'' including the

location, height, bulk, number of stories and size of such buildings.
D.C. is required to consult with NCPC on D.C.-owned buildings outside

the central area, but NCPC has only advisory authority in those areas.
The central area is defined by the concurrent action of NCPC and the

D.C. Council and currently consists of the Downtown and Shaw Urban

Renewal Areas.
NCPC's authority over D.C.-owned real property is unnecessary, as

demonstrated by the virtual absence of its use to disapprove sales or

development, and violates D.C. home rule.
The federal government should

not be able to slow or block the development of D.C.-owned real

property or add to the cost of development.
This bill is an important step to increase home rule for D.C. I urge

my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I missed the vote because I was meeting

with constituents.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll

Call No.
379.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PLANT VOGTLE'S UNIT 3 OFFICIALLY ONLINE

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Southern Company

and all of the co-owners on their historic accomplishment of Unit 3 at

Plant Vogtle officially coming online this week.
Plant Vogtle, located in Georgia's 12th District, is now home to the

first newly-constructed nuclear unit in the United States in more than

30 years, with Unit 4 shortly to follow.
Announced earlier this week, Unit 3 is fully operational and will

provide 24/7 baseload power to 500,000 Georgia homes and businesses for

decades to come.
A project of this magnitude does not come to fruition easily, but the

persistent efforts and dedication since 2012 have culminated in what

can only be defined as a major win for all Georgians and America as a

whole.
Seeing the results of the meaningful collaboration and hard work that

made this possible is truly a blessing.
I am beyond proud that Georgia-12 is leading the way in America's

nuclear energy expansion; congratulations to Southern Company,

Oglethorpe Power Company, MEAG Power, and all involved for this

historic accomplishment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL GOODNOW

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor an

outstanding individual in my district, Bremerton City Councilmember,

Michael Goodnow.
This year marks a significant milestone as he helps

organize the 27th Kitsap Pride Festival, his 25th year assisting, a

momentous occasion that celebrates diversity, inclusion, and equality

in our community.
Councilmember Goodnow has been an unwavering champion for the rights

and well-being of the LGBTQ+ community in Bremerton and beyond.
Through

his tireless efforts and dedication, he has fostered a spirit of unity

and acceptance, creating a safe and welcoming environment for all

individuals, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Beyond his role in organizing the Kitsap Pride Festival,

Councilmember Goodnow has been a strong advocate for social justice

issues throughout his tenure in public service.