I am proud to represent the ``RV Capital of the World'' in Congress.
The work Winamac Coil Spring has done for 3-quarters of a century has

played a meaningful role in allowing our District to have and maintain

that distinction.
The professional, quality work Winamac Coil Spring does is not

limited to the recreational vehicle industry, however.
From agriculture

to appliances, construction to industrial, Winamac Coil Spring serves a

wide variety of industries and markets, with an ironclad commitment to

customer satisfaction always at the forefront.
Additionally, Winamac Coil Spring's example as a successful family-

owned business is an inspiration to those looking to start their own

companies, as well as a source of pride for many Hoosiers.
Congratulations again on reaching this impressive milestone.
I thank

them for their many contributions to Pulaski County and communities

through the Second District.
I wish them continued success and many

more years in business and anniversaries to celebrate going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KOREAN WAR ARMISTICE

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th

anniversary of the end of hostilities in the Korean War.
From the

freezing temperatures of the Chosin Reservoir to the race to the Yalu

River, over 1.8 million men and women from our Armed Forces fought with

distinction and bravery.
Unfortunately, the Korean War still lingers today as the armistice

was never intended to be a permanent peace treaty.
The armistice

established the Demilitarized Zone on the 38th parallel and currently

divides the free Nation of South Korea and the communist regime in

North Korea.
Since the end of hostilities, South Korea has forged a historic and

beautiful relationship with the United States and is 1 of our closest

allies in Asia.
Today, South Korea remains prosperous, democratic, and

unwavering in the face of communist aggression.
Each year, we are

reminded that the costs of freedom come with a heavy price, and we are

grateful for all service members who demonstrated integrity and courage

in the struggle for self-determination.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capital to recognize our Nation's veterans in their valiant efforts to

defeat the threat of communism.
We must continue to stay vigilant and

strive to maintain order and stability in the region.
I will continue

to advocate for efforts that will unify the Korean people once again.
Our Veterans' sacrifices to uphold freedom and liberty in the Korean

Peninsula will never be forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING OFFICER ANTHONY FERGUSON OF THE ALAMOGORDO POLICE DEPARTMENT

HON.
GABE VASQUEZ

Mr. VASQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor

the memory of Anthony Ferguson, a dedicated public servant who was

killed in the line of duty while serving as a police officer in my

district.
Officer Ferguson spent eleven years serving his community as a member

of the Alamogordo Police Department.
As a field training officer in the

patrol division, he trained countless other officers to protect and

serve.
On July 16, 2023, Officer Ferguson was senselessly killed in

action while protecting his fellow New Mexicans.
Officer Ferguson is remembered by his family, friends, and fellow

officers as loyal and courageous in the performance of his duties.
His

sacrifice in the line of duty serves as a solemn reminder of the

bravery and commitment of our law enforcement officers.
His loss is

felt across the state, and my deepest condolences go out to all who

knew and loved him.
We owe a debt of gratitude to our law enforcement officers that can

never be fully repaid.
We must strive to honor Officer Ferguson's

memory by continuing to support and appreciate those who put their

lives on the line every day to keep our communities safe.