Brian and

Caroline embody the promise to stand together through life's joys and

challenges, growing stronger as individuals and as partners.
Their love

story is a testament to the beauty of finding someone who not only

inspires you but also walks beside you every step of the way.
Mr. Speaker, let us all join in congratulating Brian and Caroline on

this exciting new chapter in their lives.
I wish them boundless

happiness, love, and success as they embark on their journey together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, December 17, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 18

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Caroline

A. Crenshaw, of the District of Columbia, to be a

Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

Gordon I. Ito, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the

Financial Stability Oversight Council.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine the climate-driven insurance

crisis.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of James

Bernard Coughlan, of Illinois, Halie L. Craig, of

Pennsylvania, and William Patrick J. Kimmitt, of

Virginia, each to be a Member of the United States

International Trade Commission.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine the RESTORE Patent Rights

Act, focusing on restoring America's status as the

global IP leader.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine trade wars and tariffs.
210-CHOB