Title: CELEBRATING DR.
CHARLES BREITHAUPT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
186

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DR.
CHARLES BREITHAUPT

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Dr.

Charles Breithaupt for a lifetime of service to Texas education and

student athletics.
His active leadership in advancing interscholastic

opportunities for young people and his steadfast commitment to student

safety exemplify the very best of Texas.
Dr. Breithaupt has dedicated over 16 years as the Vice President of

the University of Texas at Austin and as the Executive Director of

Texas' University Interscholastic League (UIL), supervising academic,

athletic, and music competitions at thousands of schools across Texas.
Throughout his tenure, he has made several pioneering achievements,

including the implementation of a six-conference alignment, the

establishment of the National High School Football Summit and the

formation of the UIL Medical Advisory Committee.
The Committee, under

his leadership, has developed protocols mitigating health risks for

students in high-impact sports.
Dr. Breithaupt's 50-year career exemplifies his passion for student

success.
Before working as Executive Director, Dr. Breithaupt served 17

years as a public-school teacher, coach, athletic director, and

principal in Southeast Texas.
He currently serves on the Texas

Interscholastic League Foundation Board, which awards hundreds of

scholarships annually to students attending Texas colleges and

universities.
Dr. Breithaupt's numerous accolades include being named 1991 Texas

State Coach of the Year, inductions into the Texas Basketball and Texas

High School Football Halls of Fame, and two Lone Star Emmy Awards for

his role as Fox Sports Southwest High School Spotlight Show Executive

Producer,

I join Dr. Breithaupt's family, friends, and colleagues in

celebrating his unwavering dedication and contributions.
His efforts

reflect his outstanding leadership and commitment to fostering a legacy

of opportunity and achievement for Texas students.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING JIMMY ``MRBEAST'' DONALDSON

HON.
WILEY NICKEL

Mr. NICKEL.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Jimmy Donaldson,

better known as MrBeast, a remarkable North Carolinian who has

significantly impacted both the digital world and our local

communities.
Raised in Greenville, MrBeast has become one of the most influential

figures in digital media while embodying the values of

entrepreneurship, innovation, and philanthropy that drive North

Carolina forward.
MrBeast's ventures, including the Team Trees and Team Seas campaigns,

have drawn attention to critical environmental causes.
Team Trees

raised over $24 million to plant more than 24 million trees worldwide,

and Team Seas collected over $30 million to remove 30 million pounds of

trash from our oceans.
His commitment to giving back is also seen through the MrBeast

Philanthropy channel, which has delivered over a million meals to those

in need across eastern North Carolina.
These efforts have not only

rallied millions of supporters but have set a new standard for global

activism.
With over 330 million YouTube subscribers and millions more on other

platforms, MrBeast has turned his success into an opportunity to bring

industry, jobs, and creativity to our state.
I honor Jimmy Donaldson today not only for his entrepreneurial

success but for his philanthropic endeavors and his efforts to create a

more connected and inspired community.
Please join me in recognizing Jimmy Donaldson for his contributions

to North Carolina and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE ESTHER HAYWOOD

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I along with the people of St. Louis, rise

today to honor the extraordinary life of Esther Jean Hill Haywood, a

trailblazer, educator, public servant, and unwavering advocate for

civil rights and social justice.
Born in Memphis, Tennessee on January

15, 1940, Esther's early commitment to service shaped a lifetime of

transformational contributions to her community and our nation.
She

dedicated herself to fostering equity in education, leading initiatives

for underserved youth, and tirelessly advocating for social

progress.