From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHELLE HINES

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michelle Hines on her

retirement from 33 years of working in community service with the

Barren River Area Development District (BRADD).
A Logan County native, Michelle was born, raised, and resides in

Auburn, Kentucky.
After graduating from Logan County High School and

Western Kentucky University, Michelle's first job out of college was

with the Barren River Area Development District.
In her tenure, which

spans over three decades, Michelle has been a faithful servant to her

community, advocating and supporting citizens throughout the region she

oversees.
She has been part of many critical initiatives including

supporting the 2021 Tornado Relief fund, countless food drives, and

BRADD's Veterans Directed Care Services expansion.
Mrs. Hines can best be described by all who know her as devoted,

humble, and ready to act.
Her devotion throughout her career has

inspired many people and enriched the lives of countless constituents.
I want to thank Michelle for her work that has put the needs of others

first and give recognition to her tenured career as she enjoys

retirement spending more time with her husband, Kevin, and daughter,

Rachel.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY 2024 FALL INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO ILLINOIS'

13TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

class of interns who supported my office during the Fall 2024 term.
Whether they were working in the bustling U.S. Capitol or amongst the

cornfields of Illinois, their contributions to Illinois' 13th

Congressional District have made a significant impact.
In my Washington Office, I was honored to work alongside Daryl

Salinas, Wedad Osman, Stella Linn, and Sophia Hinich.
These four

interns have worked tirelessly to support my staff, skillfully

navigating the complexities of working on Capitol Hill.
They have been

instrumental in managing direct correspondence with our constituents,

drafting numerous memos and letters, and assisting with in-depth policy

research.
I am especially grateful for their work in preparing my

office to transition to the 119th Congress.
Back in Illinois, I was honored to work with Avery Martin in my

Champaign Office.
Her commitment to constituent service by assisting my

casework team has been tremendous, and I applaud her for the dedication

she showed to the people of Central and Southern Illinois while also

being a full-time student at the University of Illinois.
The impact that these five individuals left in my office will be felt

for years to come as we transition to the 119th Congress, and we will

be very sad to say farewell to this spectacular group of interns.
I

thank Daryl, Wedad, Stella, Sophia, and Avery for their service.
I wish

them all the best as they continue their professional and academic

journeys.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER AND SERVICE OF MARY L. ADAMS

HON.
JIMMY PANETTA

Mr. PANETTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the extraordinary

career and service of Mary L. Adams, who has tirelessly dedicated

herself to the people of Monterey County.
Today, at her last meeting of

the Big Sur Multi-Agency Advisory Council, and upon her well-earned

retirement, it is fitting to honor her leadership and enduring

contributions to our community.
Mary L. Adams has served with distinction as the Fifth District

Supervisor for the County of Monterey, skillfully navigating numerous

complex challenges with compassion and foresight.
Her accomplishments

exemplify a lifetime of hard work and community dedication.
Mary played a vital role in leading Monterey County through major

emergencies, including multiple atmospheric river events and wildfires

such as the Soberanes, River, Carmel, Dolan, and Palo Colorado fires.