In light of the shocking revelation that only 2% of the tip-offs received by the Government’s covid fraud hotline are being actively pursued, can the Secretary of State explain to an increasingly despairing nation what steps the Government are taking to recover every single penny of that fraudulently claimed taxpayer money?
That is precisely why we set up the Public Sector Fraud Authority and I can update the House that in its first year it met more than double its target.
In addition, there are both civil and criminal investigations ongoing to bring every person responsible to justice if they have defrauded the taxpayer.
My constituency boasts the highest number of veterans of any in the UK, with about 12% of people having served, but the veterans agency is not assisting me and other MPs like me in serving my constituents, because when I raise issues with it, it insists on responding via ministerial correspondence from the Ministry of Defence.
There can therefore be no direct interface with it, making it very time-consuming and frustrating for my constituents.
Will the Minister get the veterans agency to introduce an MPs helpline so that veterans’ concerns can be answered quickly and efficiently?
I believe my hon.
Friend is referring to Veterans UK, which is being retired because I am well aware of the plethora of issues.
We have staff there who work incredibly hard but with very poor resource, and consequently the experience of veterans has not been what I want it to be.
We are retiring that brand and completely revamping those services—I take on board the point about an MPs hotline, which exists in other Departments.
I can confirm that we are looking to establish the same thing in the new organisation to meet these claims.
Given the Paymaster General’s answers to colleagues earlier, may I remind him that Sir Brian Langstaff said yesterday that compensation proposals were published in April 2023 and must be dealt with urgently?
Can he confirm that Sir Brian Langstaff’s proposals are being accepted by the Government in full and that there will be no watering down of the decision of this place when the other place discusses the Victims and Prisoners Bill?
The next stage of the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place will be the week after next, and that is where the Government will make clear their response to what the Commons has decided.
As  I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worthing West (Sir Peter Bottomley)  a few moments ago, the issue of further interim payments will need to be considered in the round as the Government consider the recommendations of the second interim report.
We are very aware of the urgency of this.
However, as I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will understand, there is a lot of complexity with respect to the different cohorts and we are working on those as rapidly as we can with the experts now in place.
Ending veteran homelessness and rough sleeping has been an absolute passion of the veterans Minister.
Can he give us an update on how this is faring after the festive period?
We made a commitment that this Christmas we would end rough sleeping for veterans in the UK because of a lack of provision, and we met that promise.
We housed 407 of the most desperate, most vulnerable veterans across the UK and I am incredibly proud of that.
The charge towards ending all homelessness across the UK is clearly something we are all engaged in, but I am incredibly proud of the team at Op Fortitude.
I pay tribute to Lee Buss-Blair and the Riverside Group who worked throughout Christmas to achieve that objective.
It is a fantastic base to build from and I look forward to the day when these services are no longer required.
This week, the head of the National Audit Office told Parliament that between £4 billion and £8 billion of annual efficiencies could be achieved by better use of competition.
When so many areas of our public services are on their knees and would benefit from that funding, can the Secretary of State set out what steps he is taking to stop this colossal waste of taxpayers’ money?
Better competition and better procurement are at the heart of the Procurement Act 2023, which the hon.
Lady will have seen go through the House of Commons and the House of Lords last year.
The Act creates a world-leading framework for the good use of public money in acquiring goods and services.
As others have said this morning, every week victims of the contaminated blood scandal will die as we wait for the final report.
We know the will of the House on this.
Why do constituents have to wait any longer for the compensation scheme?
Yes, it is complex, but the Government have been repeatedly challenged on getting on with this and they are still not doing it.
We need it urgently.
As I have said, if the House of Commons has indicated its will by the amendment, that piece of legislation moves to the House of Lords and the Government will respond at that point.
That is the week after next.
That is the process of the House.
I have recognised the need to ensure that we get the clinical, legal and care experts in place.
They are in place, and they are working on some of the complex issues the hon.
Lady alludes to.
The psychological support is now in place, but I am doing everything I can in every dimension of this complicated problem to deliver as quickly as I can.[Official Report,  5 February 2024 , Vol. 745, c. 2MC.]
(Correction) I have just listened to the Minister’s response, and I appreciate  that the situation is complex, but people are dying.
My constituent contacted me earlier this week.
He has renal failure and cirrhosis of the liver.
He wrote asking for “faster resolution to the infected blood scandal compensation before it is too late for myself and others to see full and final resolution”.
It might be too late for my constituent—he cannot wait two more weeks—but can the Minister outline how many people have received interim payments and how many are still outstanding?
A large number of payments were made available quickly in the last quarter of 2022.
I fully recognise the absolute tragedy that this is.
Every death is a tragedy.
This is the biggest scandal in the NHS’s history.
I recognise and acknowledge that.
The victims’ organisations said that there were 141 deaths last year, and I am doing everything I can to find solutions as quickly as possible.
Arm’s length bodies across Government spend more than £200 billion a year, and my Committee has been looking at that issue.
The Government launched the public bodies review programme as part of their latest drive to look at quangos, but there is little in the public domain.
Will the Minister commit to publishing the review of individual quangos as it goes through?
What will the final publication date be for the outcome of the review?
In the spring statement in March 2022, the review of public bodies was announced, as the hon.
Lady knows.
That will give us significant savings.
There are 125 arm’s length body reviews, covering 90% of arm’s length body expenditure.
Honestly, I am not familiar with the exact protocols around publication, but I am happy to look into it, and I will come back to her.
In 2012, the Cabinet Office rejected my request that it fund the forensic investigation into the Horizon IT system by Second Sight.
Indeed, the Cabinet Office insisted that the Post Office pay for its own investigation, which ultimately allowed the Post Office to try to control and coerce the lead investigator Ron Warmington, thus delaying justice for the sub-postmasters.
Will the Minister look into the reasoning behind this historic decision and write to me about it, please?
I am happy to do that.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Police Service of Northern Ireland’s cyber protect team in relation to learning the hard lessons that have arisen from the numerous data breaches of office information across the PSNI and throughout the United Kingdom?
This was an appalling incident, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, and it highlighted big flaws in how data is handled in respect of freedom of information requests.
We have issued further guidance on how such requests should be handled, but I continue to work with officials in my Department and across Government to make sure that that sort of incident never happens again.
That completes Cabinet Office questions, and we will soon be going on to the next set of questions.
As I said, next week we will be paying tribute to our friend Tony Lloyd following his tragic death, but I have   no doubt that the shadow Leader of the House, who took over his previous seat, will have a comment to make.
I am just watching the clock tick down—we are nearly there.
We head now to business questions.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Beautifully done, Mr Speaker.
May I ask the Leader of the House for the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  22 January  will include: Monday 22 January —Second reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Tuesday 23 January —Opposition day (3rd allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 24 January —General debate on Defence and International Affairs.
Thursday 25 January —General debate on Holocaust Memorial Day.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 26 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 January  includes:
Monday 29 January —Second reading of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 30 January —Remaining stages of the Media Bill.