I will be here to pay tribute to my friend Tony Lloyd at the appropriate time.
The Hillsborough inquiry, the Post Office Horizon scandal, Windrush, contaminated blood, and LGBTQ veterans have all been the subject of reports, and they are all examples of how the state treats working-class people when it should be there to support them.
Victims of the last three of those scandals—Windrush, contaminated blood and veterans—are still waiting for their compensation to be sorted out and for the outcomes of the reports to be enacted.
Can we have some form of cross-party arrangement whereby we can all come to an agreement on how we should respond to the reports and treat those people with the dignity to which they are entitled?
The Government are just obfuscating and kicking the can down the road.
We know that we are at the fag end of the Government, but these things need dealing with now.
Why can we not have some co-operation to bring matters to a conclusion for those people?
In last week’s session, I spoke about many of the inquiries and issues that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
I am proud of this Government’s record in bringing forward, for the first time in some instances, inquiries into such matters and in making public apologies on behalf of the state about some of those issues.
I will not repeat what I said earlier about the legislation and progress on infected blood, but I will repeat the statement with which I ended my evidence to the infected blood inquiry about why the inquiry is so important, not just to a comparatively small group who have been affected or infected, but to all of us, because it could have been any one of us—anyone in the country could have been affected.
How the state responds to such matters is incredibly important and we all want to see justice done.
Last week, I wrote to the Cabinet Office about how we could learn lessons from the series of inquiries we have set up.
I know that the Paymaster General is in regular touch with the all-party groups that are primarily concerned with the issues the hon.
Gentleman raises, and with  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) .
In addition, many people in the House and other stakeholders are engaged in consultations and providing their input.
We are determined to get these long-running injustices resolved; that has been our visible track record.
When I was Paymaster General, I admitted that there is a  moral obligation on infected blood and I set up the compensation study.
We will deliver on it with, I hope, the support of Opposition Members.
I send my condolences to the family and friends of Tony Lloyd.
I did not know him well personally, but I knew him well within this place.
He was not just well respected but well liked, which is quite hard for a politician of such tenure.
He was also known to be very kind, and the immeasurable difference he made to this place will last for generations.
I recently spoke to a constituent who was concerned about fraudsters knocking on doors, dressed as if they worked for a commercial business, with the intention to scam usually vulnerable residents.
Will my right hon.
Friend advise on how that issue can be addressed to ensure that residents feel safer when opening the door to people who are supposedly selling to them?
May I start by saying how good it is to see my hon.
Friend in his place again, fit and well?
Earlier we heard from an Opposition Member about cold-calling zones and measures that are put in place to protect areas with a high volume of vulnerable people, which is one way to address the problem that my hon.
Friend raises.
That is within the gift of local authorities and may be something his local residents wish to see.
I will also ask the relevant Department on his behalf whether there is any good practice that can be passed to my hon.
Friend’s office.
Time and again, the Government have ignored warnings about the crisis brewing in adult social care, children’s services and homelessness that, combined with rising costs, is pushing local council finances over the brink.
The result is that from lunch clubs to libraries, and from art groups to youth centres to supporting bus services, communities are losing the things that bring people together and support their lives.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact that this loss of social infrastructure is having on communities, and particularly on the old, the young, the sick, the disabled and those who already face extreme poverty?
The hon.
Lady will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way, but I also draw her attention to the local government finance settlement and the offer from the Secretary of State and his Ministers to discuss that with Members.
I urge her to take him up on that offer if she so desires.
I also point to the work and focus across many Government Departments on the issues that she raises.
I am thinking in particular of the Department of Health and Social Care and the work that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , has been undertaking with regard to homelessness.
Last week, I met my constituent, Kym Ledgar, a former sub-postmistress and former representative of the National Federation of SubPostmasters.
I was already appalled but am now incensed by the stories that the victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal have to tell.
I welcome  the Government’s commitment to complete the process of exonerations and resolve outstanding compensation claims as soon as possible, but those responsible need to be held accountable.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Government should learn from victims of this appalling miscarriage of justice?
Will she find parliamentary time to debate the introduction of a whistleblower Bill to protect brave citizens who speak out against corporate wrongdoing in the future?