The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight that attack.
It demonstrates that such attacks can affect not just central Government; any agency of government can be subject to them.
Indeed, we discussed it at Cabinet just this week.
I continue to co-ordinate  activity through the ministerial cyber board, and the National Cyber Security Centre works closely with Government agencies, including the British Library, to ensure that they are as robustly prepared as they can be.
What recent discussions he has had with the independent adviser on ministers’ interests on ensuring transparency of declarations.
There is an established process in place for the declaration and management of interests held by Ministers, as set out in the ministerial code.
The independent adviser on ministers’ interests publishes a twice-yearly list of Ministers’ interests.
Since 2023, interim updates to the list are also issued as needed.
The latest list was published in December.
Public appointment declarations are important.
As the public face of scandal-ridden Greensill Capital, it has been said of Lord Cameron that he earned $10 million, was paid via an offshore trust and enjoyed many personal flights on Greensill’s planes.
Yet when challenged on his remunerations, Lord Cameron refused to answer, saying that he had been a private citizen and had declared all the information for the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The reply that I received from the independent adviser about all that said that, on appointment, Ministers must declare their private interests.
I ask the Minister how a Member can get answers to questions about Lord Cameron’s employment before his appointment.
Surely, if someone gets a new public job, answers to fair questions should be laid out for us all to see?
As the hon.
Member says, integrity is vital in this place and we all adhere to high standards.
He will also know that there is an established regime in place for those declarations.
The Foreign Secretary has adhered to those and, as he has said, he has just one job now, Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom.
He is very proud to have that job and to work with the Prime Minister to try to make sure our country is as safe and prosperous as possible.