Southport pier was a significant feature of our town’s life for over 163 years until it was closed by Sefton Council in December 2020.
Given the significance of piers to many towns around the country, particularly because of the economic impacts that they can have, will my right hon.
Friend agree to have a debate on how can they be restored and maintained for future generations?
I believe my hon.
Friend is referring to Veterans UK, which is being retired because I am well aware of the plethora of issues.
We have staff there who work incredibly hard but with very poor resource, and consequently the experience of veterans has not been what I want it to be.
We are retiring that brand and completely revamping those services.
I take on board the point about an MPs hotline, which exists in other Departments, and I can confirm that we are looking to establish the same thing in the new organisation to meet these claims.
As I have said, if the House of Commons has indicated its will by the amendment, that piece of legislation moves to the House of Lords and the Government will respond at that point.
That is the week after next.
That is the process of the House.
I have recognised the need to ensure that we get the clinical, legal and care experts in place.
They are in place, and they are working on some of the complex issues the hon.
Lady alludes to.
The psychological support is now in place, but I am doing everything I can in every dimension of this complicated problem to deliver as quickly as I can.
As I told the House yesterday, I have to report the death of Sir Tony Lloyd, the Member for Rochdale.
I know that hon.
Members from across the House will join me in mourning the loss of our colleague, and I invite all Members to join me in a minute’s silence in memory of Tony.
The House observed a one-minute silence.
I would like to assure the House that there will be an opportunity for all of us to pay tribute to Tony at a later date.
Our sympathies are with his family and friends.
He will be sadly missed across the House.