I agree with a great deal of what the shadow Leader of the House,  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  said about Tony Lloyd, and I agree with much, if not all, that my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House said on party politics, having a plan and delivering for the British people.
Next week, the Select Committee on the Holocaust Memorial Bill continues its hearings.
It had three sessions this week and transcripts can be made available in the Vote Office.
One issue that comes up is the Government’s continued failure to publish the minutes of the UK Holocaust Memorial Foundation from 2015 to 2016.
There was a consultation on a site for the proposed memorial and learning centre.
The consultants analysed the responses and shortlisted three.
Two days later the Government produced an alternative option, which was Victoria Tower Gardens.
No one outside the Department has seen the comparisons between the merits of Victoria Tower Gardens and other possible sites.
No one has seen the minutes of discussion changing the specification behind the backs of the public.
Will my right hon.
Friend look to see the redactions made by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and why it is continuing to instruct lawyers to oppose the freedom of information request, which is vital to the work of the Select Committee?
Through her, may I recommend to the Select Committee asking for that information and making it public?
I presume that the Father of the House is asking for a debate on the matter as well.
I know that this issue, which my hon.
Friend raises almost weekly, is of great concern to him, and that he wants to ensure that the final outcome of the process is as good as it can be.
I will again make sure that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has heard what he has said.
The next session of questions to the Secretary of State will be on  22 January , and my hon.
Friend may wish to raise the matter with him directly.
This is the kind of information that should be in the public domain, so that people can make good decisions, although on some matters—relating to security concerns, for example—it may be sensible to redact.
Let me start by associating myself with all the remarks about Tony Lloyd, whom I always found to be a very good and decent man.
Once again, I am indebted to the Leader of the House.
Her eccentric video last week, in which she joked about Tupperware and the Stone of Destiny, excited quite a response in Scotland.
“Why is she always on about Scotland?”
people ask.
The Tories have given us a joke Minister for common sense, and now it looks as if we have a Minister for clickbait.
Scotland does seem to be just a big joke for the Leader of the House.
The brief seems clear: to rubbish and insult Scots every week during business questions.
Of course she is not alone—this seems to be Tory policy nowadays—but she is adding value now by producing full-page articles in the papers about how awful Scotland is, along with a new clickbait video every week.
All that effort, Mr Speaker!
Although, given the very bad news for her party in this week's YouGov poll, perhaps these joke videos are in fact auditions.
Perhaps it is not so much “stand up and fight” as stand-up comedian.
Meanwhile, the record of the right hon.
Lady’s own Government is absolutely nothing to joke about, with destitution rising, doctors on strike crippling the English NHS, sea coasts foul with pollution, inhumane treatment of asylum seekers and the breaching of international law, unresolved scandals piling up, and the crushing impact of one of the worst Tory jokes of all, Brexit.
But before we are treated to—oh, I don’t know, perhaps an attack on the Scottish Government and praise for the bullish actions of the zombie Scotland Office—let me say this.
Surely Scotland can find a better use for—what is it now, over 12 million quid?—than funding that ever-expanding propaganda unit beavering away behind the scenes, undermining the work of the Scottish Parliament and, of course, assisting the Leader of the House with her scripts each week.
Closer to this place, however, we have the Westminster joke of the other place, with its 860 or so ermine-clad peers but one notable absentee.
The right hon.
Lady’s Scottish Tory friend and colleague Baroness Mone is currently not a sitting Member, because she has taken leave of absence by her own choice.
It is being reported in the Daily Record that Baroness Mone claims she is still a Conservative as far as she is concerned, because she never had the Whip removed.
Can the Leader of the House confirm that if Baroness Mone resumes her position in the other place tomorrow, as I believe she is entitled to do, she can sit as a Conservative?
If not,  exactly when was the Whip removed?
Can the Leader of the House make time to answer that question before reading out this week's hilarious clickbait script?
The hon.
Lady should thank me.
I have been giving her publicity that money cannot buy, and I think it is encouraging that we have generated such a following and such an interest in what goes on in the Chamber during business questions.
Let me make it clear to the hon.
Lady that I am not talking Scotland down.
I am talking the Scottish National party down, because it has been an unmitigated disaster for Scotland.
The stoicism of the Scottish people in dealing with their inept Government deserves great credit.
Each week the hon.
Lady talks about our record on delivery and invites me to make the comparison with the Scottish Government.
I shall try to do so this week without mentioning the appalling record of the SNP Government, and just invite people to contrast our record with theirs.
In the UK, we have the largest rail infrastructure investment since Victorian times.
We have massive regeneration projects across the UK.
More than 1,000 miles of major roads have been refurbished; compare that with the A9, please.
We have 20 times as much offshore wind capacity as we had when we entered office.
Eighteen million households have full-fibre broadband.
How is the Scottish Government’s broadband rollout going?
Then there are our hospitals, mental health facilities, 50 new surgical hubs, new nuclear power stations and record investments in home and flood defences, and in the coming financial year our research and development spend will be about £20 billion.
In 2010, the strategic defence and security review greenlit a couple of aircraft carriers and, six years later, one was commissioned.
That complex 65,000-tonne warship was built through the carrier alliance, a wonderful example of the UK supply chain working together.
After the same six-year timeframe, the SNP is still building a couple of ferries, which are £308 million over budget.
For context, the overspend is three times the original budget, and I now understand that these pioneering green vessels will run on diesel.
The SNP Government have been an unmitigated disaster for Scotland.
They have been found out.
They are incapable and incorrigible, and now they are in trouble.
The hon.
Lady’s final question is a matter for the House of Lords, not the House of Commons.
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe will be meeting in Strasbourg next week, which means that Members on the UK delegation will not be here for the tributes to Tony Lloyd.
He was latterly an effective and diligent member of that Assembly, and I hope we will be able to pay our tributes in Strasbourg.
We miss his charm and humanity.
As a fellow Member who first entered this House in 1983, I had the privilege of knowing him for a very long time.
Will the Leader of the House initiate a debate on the effectiveness or otherwise of integrated care boards?
The rationale for the boards was to deal with the interaction between health and social care and to reduce the incidence of bed-blocking.
Last week we heard that no fewer than 353 hospital beds in Dorset are occupied  by people who do not need them, at a cost of over £100,000 a day, let alone the opportunity cost of missed operations and so on.
This is intolerable and shows that the system of integrated care is not working.
Can we have a debate?