Southport pier was a significant feature of our town’s life for over 163 years until it was closed by Sefton Council in December 2022.
Given the significance of piers to many towns around the country, particularly because of the economic impacts that they can have, will my right hon.
Friend agree to have a debate on how can they be restored and maintained for future generations?
The Government recognise the importance of these often much-loved heritage assets.
That is why part of the coastal communities fund was there to renovate heritage buildings, particularly piers and lidos, and we have done that.
We have renovated an enormous number of those types of structures across the UK.
Even sadder than the pier closing is the fact that it received £2 million through the coastal communities fund and only a few years ago underwent a £2.7 million enhancement.
There are questions about the use of that public money and what my hon.
Friend’s local authority is doing.
I want to alert the Leader of the House to action by a private security firm on the Wynyard estate in my constituency to stop legitimate political campaigning.
There are thousands of homes on the estate, but Chris McDonald, who I hope will succeed me as the Labour MP for Stockton North, was ordered to leave the area by guards.
He was told that they did not allow cold callers, and that was how they categorised Labour activists.
The Leader of the House will recognise that as anti-democratic, denying thousands of people the right to hear from those who seek to represent them.
I would be obliged if she could use her offices to investigate the silencing of politicians, and make it clear that people of whatever political colour should not be stopped carrying out perfectly legal activities.
I will certainly ensure that the Cabinet Office has heard about that case.
I think there is sometimes a misunderstanding about the function of local councillors and Members of Parliament when they go door to door, trying to identify issues.
There are certain areas in local authorities, particularly those with a high volume of quite vulnerable people, where cold calling zones are in place.
That is perfectly proper.
I will certainly raise the matter with Ministers, but I also encourage Members to address such issues directly and locally.
Often these things are misunderstandings.
If people say what their business is in a particular area, hopefully such incidents will not arise, but I will ensure that Ministers have heard the hon.
Gentleman.
May I add my words of condolence to the family of Tony Lloyd?
I served with him on the International Trade Committee.
He always made a valuable contribution and will be sadly missed.
The RAC recently published a report calling on the Government to commission an independent inquiry into headlight glare.
Members will be aware that headlights  on vehicles are now much brighter, with LED lights.
In my constituency, the local paper the Grimsby Telegraph has carried a report on the issue, which is clearly of concern to many of my constituents.
May we have a statement from a Transport Minister about whether the Government intend to commission such a review?