The Prime Minister and four Ministers, including the Foreign Secretary, hold their wealth in blind trusts or managements.
The “Ministerial Code” says: “Ministers must ensure that no conflict arises, or appears to arise, between their public duties and their private interests”.
How can the public trust their politicians when that money is hidden from public scrutiny?
I repeat that there are established regimes in place for the declaration and management of interests, and they are overseen by an independent adviser, who publishes reports twice a year.
I read the report that was published in December.
Lord Cameron lobbied on behalf of the Chinese state’s belt and road initiative, aiding the geopolitical and economic interests of the Chinese Government.
The 49-day Prime Minister also sought to export defence equipment to China.
If there is nothing to fear, there is nothing to hide.
Will any new requirement be placed on UK politicians to disclose in full interests from foreign states, even when those are in blind trusts or managements?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the latest list of Ministers’ interests, which was published on  14 December 2023  and included the relevant interests of all Ministers forming the Government as of  14 December 2023 , including the Foreign Secretary.
Our clear-eyed position on China remains unchanged and our approach of engaging directly and robustly with China in the UK national interest is the right one and is firmly in line with that of our G7 and Five Eyes partners.
Whether he has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the use of AI on the delivery of public services.
I discuss this area regularly with Cabinet colleagues.
The Incubator for Artificial Intelligence, which I announced last year, will recruit experts from the private sector, academia and beyond, who will work with Departments to rapidly and responsibly develop new applications for artificial intelligence across Government, as part of radical plans to harness the potential of AI to improve lives and public services.
I join others in paying tribute to the great Sir Tony Lloyd; our thoughts and prayers are with his family today.