Tony was also my predecessor as MP for Manchester Central.
As I said many years ago in my maiden speech, he was a brilliant man, first elected in 1983, serving Stretford and then Manchester Central for 29 years before being elected as police and crime commissioner for Greater Manchester.
He then returned to Parliament to serve the people of Rochdale from 2017.
He was an incredibly hard act to follow; I still often find myself in his shadow.
For the first few years, I had to accept the frequent complaint that I just was not as good.
Some of my constituents still say, “You’re no Tony Lloyd, are you?”
He was a proud Mancunian—but we did disagree on football as he was a long-standing season ticket holder for United.
We all knew what Tony stood for and the causes he held dear and tirelessly campaigned for, but in all the years I knew him I cannot remember ever hearing him raise his voice.
He went about his politics differently.
For him, politics was all about relationships and discussion, whether in this place, internationally, on the street or in his beloved pub.
That is what earned him so much loyalty from everyone who knew him—because he was such a thoroughly nice bloke.
My thoughts are with his family, his friends and his staff at this difficult time.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Tony was not afraid to champion little-heard or unpopular causes, such as his campaigning on mesothelioma.
One of his last acts just this week was to join more than 100 Members and peers and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  in calling for urgent action on infected blood compensation.
We have raised that issue many times in business questions, but given Sir Brian Langstaff’s statement, which was issued yesterday, it needs raising again.
I just heard questions on it during Cabinet Office questions.
Sir Brian, the chair of the inquiry, has unfortunately delayed publication of the final report until May.
However, he also made it absolutely clear that his final report on the compensation scheme has already been published—in April last year—and that that aspect of the inquiry and its findings will not change.
Given that, may I ask the Leader of the House once again to arrange for a statement from the Cabinet Office on establishing the compensation scheme?
She and the Government cannot keep hiding behind the final report or complexity when the chair has made it crystal clear that his recommendations on the scheme are now published.
I must say that the answers I heard in Cabinet Office questions just were not good enough.
They felt like dodging, unfortunately, yet the will of the House is clear on this subject.
This week I happened upon an article by the Leader of the House in The News Portsmouth, bemoaning the fact that nothing seems to work anymore.
It was remarkably similar to a big speech she made a year ago this week to the Institute for Government, making similar arguments that ordinary people feel the system is rigged against them.
I agree with her and, after the Post Office scandal, I am sure many others do, but it left me wondering what her Government are doing about it, and who she thinks is responsible.
In a week when Avanti is bragging about “free money” from the taxpayer while rail passengers suffer poor services, whose responsibility does she think that is?
In a week when the National Audit Office warned that the Government are wasting tens of billions of pounds on crumbling infrastructure and badly run projects, whose responsibility does she think that is?
The Leader of the House says that she wants to focus on improving the quality, accountability and accessibility of healthcare, so in a week when it has been reported that the NHS is spending a staggering £10 billion a year on agency staff, whose responsibility does she think that is?
Whose responsibility is it that millions of people are waiting longer for treatment and cannot access a GP?
Before she embarrassingly blames doctors or Welsh Labour for the problems of the English NHS, will she be honest about her Government’s terrible record, and tell us what she is doing to fix it?
The whole House will soon have an opportunity to pay tribute to our late colleague Tony Lloyd.
People may not know, and the hon.
Lady may not have had an opportunity to do that, so I thank her for her tribute today.
Let me place on record my deepest sympathies for all who loved him.
The tributes paid to him already illustrate his gentle and kind nature, and the breadth and depth of his public service.
As the hon.
Lady testified, he was still doing that right up until the end.
I also thank the families of those held hostage by Hamas for again coming to Parliament this week to talk about their loved ones.
We will all keep them at the  forefront of our minds and do all we can to bring them home.
I remind the House that Kfir Bibas turns one today in captivity.
I also wish both His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales a speedy recovery.