The House will know that I have repeatedly raised my concerns about image and performance-enhancing drugs.
It is estimated that between half a million and a million people are using these drugs, so may I pay tribute to the sports Minister, who has agreed to join a roundtable discussion with me next week that will bring together academics, clinicians, groups and the police to discuss the matter further?
We need more data.
One of the biggest problems is that it is a cross-departmental issue, so would the Deputy Speaker mind writing to the Home Office and the Department of Health and Social Care, as well as the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, so that this issue gets the attention that it deserves?
I am sure that Mr Deputy Speaker would mind writing to those Departments, but I do not at all.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his really important campaign in this policy area, which did not have a lot of focus prior to his taking it up.
I am pleased to hear what the sports Minister is doing and I will certainly make sure that, via him, this will be co-ordinated across Government.
On  12 April , Barclays will close its doors in the county town of Bridgend, leaving 145,000 constituents in my constituency and in  the constituency of Bridgend with one fewer bank.
In my own constituency, there is now one bank left.
In Bridgend, older people and charities are finding it increasingly difficult to get access to cash.
Will the Leader of the House find time for a debate in which a Minister comes to the House and sets out what the Government will do to stop this desert of banking services, so that we can ensure that people have access to cash and that our hard-pressed charity sector is able to bank and have support from towns right across the United Kingdom?
I am sorry to hear about the situation in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He will know that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has a number of programmes to ensure that vital services, such as those he outlined, are co-ordinated locally and can still be accessed.
He is right that for the charity sector in particular, but also for businesses and individuals, these are necessary services that people should have access to.
He will know that just because bricks and mortar may be going, those services can be continued in other ways, as happens in many other places across the UK.
I will ensure that someone from the Department gets in touch with his office, shares the good practice that is going on and gives some advice on how he can ensure that those services are available to his constituents.
In Tuesday’s 90-minute Westminster Hall debate on trends in excess deaths, Back-Bench contributions were limited to three minutes each.
Given the huge and growing public interest in, and concern about, excess deaths, and given the growing awareness across this House, may we now have a debate in Government time on excess deaths?
Also, will the Government instruct the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency to release anonymised the doses, dates and deaths data that it holds, which it has already disclosed to AstraZeneca, Pfizer and Moderna—public data that the public have no right to, and data that would very quickly verify whether those experimental covid-19 vaccines are, in fact, safe and effective?