As the co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worthing West (Sir Peter Bottomley) , said in the Cabinet Office questions, the Government now have all the information to arrive at a compensation scheme in those inquiries, which is why the Paymaster General is making progress on exactly that.
We are acutely aware of that moral imperative and what both the study and the inquiry have said on this matter so far.
This House has also been clear in its desire to see that appalling scandal resolved quickly.
I refer the hon.
Lady to what the Paymaster General just said at the Dispatch Box with regard to legislation, but I am kept regularly informed of progress that he, the Treasury and other Departments are making on this matter.
I expect more news on that important point in the coming weeks.
The hon.
Lady referred to my article, and I thank her for the publicity.
I argued that we should ensure that the consumer is king again.
We have some challenging new monopolies—the natural monopolies of water companies —and the online giants, and we need to ensure that the customer is king.
That is what the Government have been doing, through our legislation to improve competition and the work we are taking forward with regulators on a whole raft of things, from energy bills to other consumer issues.
We can do because we have a plan.
We have a plan on all the issues facing the public.
I expect praise from those on my own Benches, but I was much encouraged at the praise we heard yesterday from the Opposition Benches.
One Labour Member,  the hon.
Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) , was urging a focus on reducing the backlog and ending hotel use.
She said: “The Conservatives started this work by employing some temporary new officers and it started to work”.
She went on: “The Tories have also started smashing the gangs through the work they are doing in France.”—[Official
Report,  17 January 2023 ; Vol. 743, c. 972.]
She was right.
On that priority, she could have added that crossings are down by 36% this year, the Albanian returns scheme has seen a 93% fall in arrivals, and we have dismantled, alongside the French, 82 organised criminal gangs.
We are making progress on that and other areas.
The health statistics announced show that the waiting list figures  the hon.
Member for Manchester  Central (Lucy Powell)  mentioned are coming down.
These are not easy problems, particularly because of the recovery from the pandemic and the global situation on prices and supply chains, but we have a plan and we are methodically working through it with zero assistance from the Labour party.
On any issue and priority, we are sticking to that plan.
The reason we can do that and are not being blown off course is that we have some principles backing it up.
Unlike the Labour party, we understand our duty to the people of this country, whether that is setting up inquiries into infected blood and the Horizon scandal, or on the people’s priorities, which are also the Prime Minister’s five top priorities.
We have never wavered in our duty to the people of this country.
We have never wavered in our support to protect our country’s borders and protect the defence of the realm, unlike the hon.
Lady’s party which has six current shadow Cabinet members who voted against our continuous at-sea deterrent.
We are working to strengthen our borders and stop the boats.
The Labour party has voted consistently against that legislation.
We believe in supporting minimum service standards on vital public health services, including health and transport.
Labour has opposed that.
And we have taken tough decisions on helping the economy, including controlling borrowing, which is why inflation is down by 60% since October and the Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts inflation falling to 2.8% this year.
Labour’s stated policy on fiscal rules and spending means that it will have to raise taxes if it wants to stick to those fiscal rules, but it has not said what and when.
On all those things, we have a plan and it is working.
We are going to stick to it, despite what the Labour party is doing.
Labour has no plan, just a big fat bill for taxpayers.