The right hon.
Lady has just spoken about the integrity of the honours system, but the Government have failed to be transparent around the interests of Baroness Mone in the PPE Medpro contracts, where over £200 million was wasted.
We have no answer from the Government as to why the links were not made public at the time; no answer as to why a Government Minister did not correct the wrong impression that had been given in public; and no answer in response to the allegation that the Government indicated a National Crime Agency investigation would be dropped if the civil claim was settled.
Back on  18 December , Labour called on the Government to order an urgent investigation into this matter to give taxpayers the answers they deserve, but the Deputy Prime Minister has not even responded to the letter.
Is the reason the Government are so afraid of an investigation that it will just show, once again, Tory sleaze?
We have responded.
You have not responded.
Have you not had our letter?
I have not had it.
I will say from the Dispatch Box that the answer has been sent and given.
If it needs to be reissued, we will do so, but it has been sent.
Baroness Mone has taken leave of absence from the Lords, and there are separate investigations into the allegations against her.
In my mind, if she is found guilty of wrongdoing, she needs to resign membership of the Lords—the public would expect no less.
The House of Lords Reform Act 2014 ensures that a Member convicted of serious offences will cease to be a Member of the House of the Lords, and that is what we want to see.
We do not want people in Parliament who bring either House into disrepute: they need to leave.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on helping to ensure potential employers recognise veterans’ skills and prior learning.
Veterans’ employment is at an all-time high, with 87% of those leaving service finding employment within six months.
We have recently launched the employers’ guide to hiring veterans, showcasing best practice on how employers can benefit from veterans’ skills and qualifications.
I regularly champion veterans’ employment to Cabinet colleagues, as employing veterans is one of the best decisions that businesses can make.
Is it not the case that, after 13 years of Conservative Government, Ministers have created a postcode lottery for veterans and halved employment support for them?
Specifically, will the Minister tell the House how many veterans have been employed as a result of the civil service interview scheme for veterans?
When it comes to veterans’ care in this country and how it has changed in the past 13 years, it is hard to take the hon.
Gentleman seriously—those services have been transformed.
The number of those employed through the civil service scheme is, I believe, over 1,000, but I will write to him with the correct figure.
Having a job is the No. 1 factor that improves the life chances of any veteran in this country; it is the real focus of what we are doing at the Office of Veterans’ Affairs, and I am incredibly proud of those efforts.
Again, I lament the fact that that is not reflected by Labour.
I want to see that change as we go into the next election, so that veterans know that whoever wins it, their interests will be represented properly.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This week, I signed an agreement on biological security between the United Kingdom and the United States.
This strategic dialogue will mean sharing more data, collaborating on research and co-ordinating action, preparing for a whole spectrum of biological threats.
I also signed a memorandum of co-operation on cyber partnership with Japan, helping to fulfil a key element of the Hiroshima accord.
This week, the Government are making available a free portrait of His Majesty the King.
Available to all public buildings, this portrait will hang in schools, police stations and local authorities, serving as a reminder of the country’s ultimate public service.
I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in wishing His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales very swift recoveries.
It emerged this week that Avanti West Coast bosses were recently caught giving PowerPoint presentations bragging about receiving free money from the Government.
Is this value for money?
I am not aware of those allegations, but they sound very concerning and I am very happy to look into them on behalf of the hon.
Lady.
Last year, the Government trialled their emergency alerts system.
This summer, I had the joy of going to South Korea.
Unfortunately, I was caught up in the typhoon, but there were many such alerts telling people where roads were closed or flooded.
Recently in Leicestershire, the likes of Shenton and Witherley came under the cosh of flooding, and my constituents are wondering whether the alert system could be used for something like this, as the Government website states that it can.
Yes, the service is available, but it is up to local responders to determine whether to put in a request for it.
In this case, they did not do so.
I would commend the local responders—whether the Environment Agency, the police or the fire service—for their response.
That tool is available to them should they need it.