The recent British Library incident is a stark reminder of the terrifying security risk and enormous cost of cyber-attacks, and recent ministerial answers have revealed a shockingly high number of red-rated IT systems across Government Departments.
I hear the Secretary of State’s words, but given that the Government’s cyber-security strategy tells us that “transparent central governance structures will maintain oversight and responsibility for cross-government cyber security risk”, will he now set out the Government’s timetable for remedying this shocking situation and explain how he will keep the House updated on progress?
We know about this in the first place because of the work undertaken by the Government to fully understand the cyber-security risks facing this country.
We are better prepared than most countries around the world.
None the less, in respect of the red- rated systems, we are developing remediation plans, all of which will be in place by next year.
We are tracking progress and are confident that we will achieve over £1 billion in efficiency savings, in addition to achieving greater resilience by next year.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to public sector procurement processes for small and medium-sized businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to public sector procurement processes for small and medium-sized businesses.
The Procurement Act 2023 will deliver simpler and more effective public sector procurement, and it will help SMEs secure a greater share of approximately £300 billion of expenditure every year.
The Act includes a new duty on contracting authorities to have regard to the particular barriers facing SMEs and to consider how they can be overcome.
To some extent, SMEs have historically been blocked out by large companies.
This week it was reported that the Government tried to block Fujitsu from bidding for future contracts, on the basis of woeful performance in previous contracts.
Government lawyers have advised that this cannot be done, but they are wrong.
Will the Government give further serious thought  to blocking large companies with terrible track records, such as Fujitsu, from bidding for future contracts and, if necessary, legislate accordingly?