Last month, a report by the pension provider Royal London showed that women lose, on average, £92,000 as a result of juggling part-time work and childcare.
What are the Government going to do about that?
As the hon.
Gentleman will have heard earlier, the proportion of women saving for their pensions has gone from 40% 10 years ago to 89% now.
People with disabilities often take on voluntary roles, as there can be societal barriers to gaining employment.
My constituent Philippa has a son with Down’s syndrome who volunteers, providing much-valued music workshops for local children.
How can the Minister ensure that the work of people with disabilities is properly recognised in the workplace?
I congratulate Philippa’s son on the very good work that he does.
We have disability employment advisers in our jobcentres.
I am visiting my hon.
Friend’s constituency later this week; I know that he has been involved in the Denbighshire project, including the We Mind the Gap programme for young people, and I will be interested to discuss that and other matters.
Fife Gingerbread, based in my constituency, contacted me to point out that most of the provisions in the Child Support Collection (Domestic Abuse) Act 2023, which was unanimously agreed by the House and received Royal Assent at the end of June last year, have still not been brought into force.
That means that far too many vulnerable people who want to make a claim through the Child Maintenance Service find that abusive ex-partners use it to control their behaviour.
Why is it taking so long to put in place the measures in the Act?
I can confirm to the hon.
Gentleman that the Child Maintenance Service has a domestic abuse plan to ensure that parents are not placed in danger as a consequence of any suggestion of domestic violence; for example, it has a centralised sort code to limit the risk of parental involvement.
I wish to place on record my thanks to the Secretary of State for helping to guide my private Member’s Bill through Parliament.
It lowers the pension auto-enrolment age from 22 to 18, and abolishes the lower earnings threshold.
Briefly, has the Secretary of State received reassurances from the Chancellor that the necessary forms will be implemented in the spring Budget?