Given that the Secretary of State has just said that the continuation of the household support fund after the end of March is up to the Chancellor, and given that, last week, we had the support of all parties in Westminster Hall for  the continuation of this vital fund, will he assure the House that the subject is a top priority in his negotiations with the Chancellor?
The specifics of my negotiations with the Treasury remain between me and the Treasury.
As I have said, the any of those decisions on the HSF are matters for the Treasury.
In 2005, the DWP failed to make a reasonable decision about targeting information at the women affected by state pension age changes.
The ombudsman ruled that there was maladministration.
These women, in Dudley and around the country, deserve more than just an apology.
Does the Minister accept these findings, and if not, will he explain why not?
The Department is co-operating with the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman investigation, which is ongoing, and it would not be appropriate to comment on it or the outcome.
My constituent’s universal credit payments have been stopped over Christmas for two years running, because her employer pays her salary early in December.
Why will Ministers not do more to ensure that caseworkers know that they can use the discretion that they have, so that my constituents and others like her have financial certainty at what is a very difficult time of year?
The way that universal credit works means that work coaches can use their flexibility, but if a payment is short one month, the appropriate thing to do is to sort it the next.
In his opening remarks, the Secretary of State mentioned the assessment period for cost of living payments, but people on four-weekly pay schedules miss out on support because they fall foul of the assessment period rules for universal credit.
What assessment have the Government made of the number of people missing out, and what remedy do they have?
Cost of living payments can be affected by when people are paid, and therefore by whether they are on universal credit and qualify at precisely that point.
I do not have the figure to hand that the hon.
Lady requests, but I will of course get back to her with it.
This morning’s report by the Academy of Medical Sciences revealed that our appalling child health and infant mortality rates are worse than those of 60% of  similar countries and is the key driver of child poverty.
What assessment has the Secretary of State undertaken to make on the impact that stopping the household support fund in April will have on relative child poverty and, subsequently, infant mortality?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the number of those in child poverty has decreased by 400,000 since 2010.
We do not yet have a decision on the household support fund, to which she refers, but I point her to the very significant uplift in the local housing allowance, which will give 1.6 million people £800 a year more on average, thereby taking many of them out of poverty.
From unanswered emails to unreturned calls, it has been heartbreaking to hear from so many vulnerable constituents who are in a state of limbo and distress, and trying to chase up personal independence payments.
When will Ministers ensure that people can get the support that they need in a timely and straightforward manner?
If the hon.
Gentleman has specific examples, I would be keen to hear from him and to look into them.