What estimate his Department has made of the cost to the public purse of economic inactivity due to ill health.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce labour inactivity.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce labour inactivity.
There are, of course, significant costs related to an increase in long-term sickness and illness rates in work.
That is why we have our £2.5 billion back to work plan, to help 600,000 disabled people and people with health conditions start and stay in work.
That approach, along with others, has seen economic inactivity reduce by 330,000 since its peak during the pandemic.
NHS waiting lists are currently at 7.8 million, with more than 177,000 people on waiting lists in my own NHS trust area.
When it is this difficult to access medical treatment, it is no surprise that we have a record 2.8 million people out of work due to ill health.
Does the Minister accept that this Government’s failure on the NHS is stymying economic growth, denying people the dignity of work and costing taxpayers billions of pounds?
On NHS waiting lists, there has been progress, in that the two-year waiting lists have almost been entirely dispensed with and those of 18 months have been very substantially reduced.
Our Department recognises that work is part of the solution to improving people’s health, which is why we are putting forward the WorkWell service, bringing together medical input and work coach input; fit note reform to help at an earlier stage of the journey; and the reforms to the work coach assessment.
All those things are moving towards getting more people into work, which is good for their health.
In Barrow and Furness, an estimated 4,000 people who could be contributing to the labour market are not doing so.
I am incredibly grateful to my right hon.
Friend and his team, in the Barrow jobcentre and centrally, who, alongside Team Barrow, have worked with local employers and skills providers to help get those people back into our incredibly tight labour market.
Will he pass my thanks on to those teams?
May I also encourage him to visit to see their good work?