Half the women surveyed with endometriosis had to take time off work often or very often because of their condition, and one in six women had to give up work altogether.
Will the Minister meet the incredible women from Endometriosis Support Hull and East Yorkshire to discuss the work they are doing with the local trade unions to create a best practice charter for employers in Hull to support women with endometriosis in the workplace?
I was in Aberdeen on Thursday meeting women with health conditions and hearing about how we can better support women who are having debilitating impacts from the menopause.
That was in the oil and gas sector, where it takes a long time to build up to a senior career.
I would be interested to hear about the work that the hon.
Lady’s local team are doing.
Through the wider women’s health strategy, we are supporting women to have a thriving career all the way through.
I am keen to hear from her and those women, and to support the women to stay in work.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in collecting child maintenance payments.
The Government are dedicated to ensuring that parents meet their obligations to children, and we take robust enforcement action against those who do not.
Parents who paid some maintenance on the collect and pay service increased from 64% to 69% over the 12 months from September 2022.
My constituent’s daughter is a young lady who has missed out for more than a year on child maintenance payments, because her father changed jobs and the Child Maintenance Service lost track of him.
My team have been involved, and despite lots of faffing, she still has not received a payment.
She is one of around half of children in separated families who are not receiving the maintenance payments they deserve.
Will the Minister explain what his Department is doing to ensure that the employers of these missing parents are properly chased up?
Where parents have certain categories of taxable income not being captured by the standard child maintenance calculation, they can make a request to the CMS to have the calculation varied.
We have consulted on proposals to include more types of taxable income held by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs in the standard maintenance calculation.
The Department has a number of ways to try to get paying parents to cough up, and we must remember that this is cash for the children.
In July 2022, the Government consulted on child maintenance and improving our enforcement powers through the commencement of curfew orders, and we still have not had a response to that consultation.
I would be grateful to hear from the Government when they plan to respond, and I remind them of the other powers in place, such as depriving people of the ability to drive or of their passport.
This is a simple thing, where people have the money and will not cough up the cash.
I think we need to get on with curfew orders.
My right hon.
Friend is quite right that the Government have consulted on the use of curfews, which are complex and interact with numerous Government services.
Several enforcement initiatives aimed at improving compliance are currently in train, and we need to get those in place and assess their effects before we can best see how curfews might fit with them.
I note her enthusiasm for curfews and might well put her in touch with Viscount Younger of Leckie, the Minister in the Lords, whose policy brief this is, so that he can update her on our latest thinking.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of levels of benefits.
Welfare is there to help those who need assistance, including many of the most vulnerable, which is why we increased most benefits by 6.7% for 2024-25.
That was on top of an increase of 10.1%, including the benefit cap, in 2023-24.
That is all very well, but the rate of inflation for low-paid families has been significantly higher than the headline rate of inflation for some time.
That means that those families who were struggling badly last year are struggling even worse this year.
Citizens Advice has shown that families on low incomes have less disposable income this year than they had last  year.
Does the Secretary of State accept that it is time to introduce an essentials guarantee so that nobody on universal credit or another income-based benefit can ever be allowed to fall below a level where they cannot afford the basic essentials of life?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we keep all benefits under review.
I point him to various things that we have done to ensure that we look after those lower-income families, including increasing the national living wage by about 10% in both of the last two years; the increase in the local housing allowance to the 30th percentile announced at the last fiscal event, which will be worth about £800 a year for about 1.6 million people; and, of course, the tax cuts that the Chancellor was able to bring forward, which for an average earner are worth £450 a year.