There we are.
Burnley and Padiham has so much going for it—with the rest of Lancashire, our area is the manufacturing powerhouse of the United Kingdom—but still has stubborn levels of economic inactivity among people who could be contributing to economic growth and having financial security, which we all want them to have.
What more can we do to help those people?
In particular, can my right hon.
Friend do more to join up with other Departments so that areas such as Burnley, which might have structural problems, get more intensive support?
My hon.
Friend asks what approach we can take to resolve the issues that he has raised.
We have announced a doubling of universal support, a scheme with which he will be familiar; WorkWell, to which I just referred, bringing together medical support and work coaches; and reform of the fit note system so that we get involved earlier in the journey that many people  experience when they fall out of the workforce into longer-term sickness and disability benefits.
Overall, the evidence is clear: economic inactivity is down by 268,000 on the year, and by more than a third of a million since its peak during the pandemic—a 52% reduction.
What estimate he has made of the number of jobs provided by businesses in Witham constituency.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 36,000 jobs were provided by employers in Witham in 2022.
As it is Apprenticeship Week, will the Secretary of State join me in thanking businesses in Witham for everything that they are doing to employ youngsters and put them on that apprenticeship pathway?
Those businesses, however, are crying out for a labour market strategy that will help them to harness the skills and the upskilling that they need in certain sectors.
Would the Secretary of State be prepared to advance that, and push it, across other Departments?
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the extraordinary work that she does locally to promote apprenticeships.
I believe she was involved in a jobs fair on  24 January , hosted by Reed, which was highly successful.
The employment rate in her constituency is 81%, well above the national average, which I put down almost entirely to the work that she is doing.
She asked how we would proceed.
We already have swaps, bootcamps and returnerships, but I am indeed looking at specific areas of the labour market, particularly in the context of migration changes, where we may be able to do more on a strategic basis.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential cost of restoring parity in the level of state pension received by UK citizens living overseas.
According to the latest estimate, based on data from March 2022, uprating the state pension where we do not currently do so would cost about £0.9 billion a year if all UK state pensions in payment were increased to current UK levels.
Following our withdrawal from the EU, we are rightly able to move closer to our partners in the Commonwealth.
One way in which we could do that would be to confirm that all British citizens who live in the Commonwealth should be entitled to the appropriate uprating of their state pensions as if they were still in the UK.
That would seem to be a matter of simple fairness.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the practicalities of making it happen, and restoring some much-needed common sense to a needlessly complicated situation?
The UK Government continue to uprate state pensions when there is a legal requirement for that to be done, and have no plans to change their long-standing policy or enter into new reciprocal social security agreements.
If he will take steps to simplify the benefits claims process for cancer patients.
Understandably, such a health diagnosis can be a shock for individuals, their families and, indeed, their finances—and I am conscious of saying this just after World Cancer Day.
It is important to ensure that people have the right support as soon as possible, and as part of our reforms we will simplify the system to reduce the assessment burden and improve people’s experiences of assessments.