On a wider armed forces and MOD note, we have £288.6 billion for equipment over the next 10 years.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that has to be matched with the sailors, the airmen and women and the Army able to resource that equipment, and I have some good news for him.
Since we have been talking very actively about these issues, we have seen an eight-year high in applications to the Royal Navy, a six-year high in applications to the Army and a 42% increase between this January and last January in applications to join the Royal Air Force.
I predict we are making progress.
I wonder whether the Secretary of State has seen the front page of the Financial Times today because it outlines how Iran has been using Lloyds and Santander accounts to evade sanctions.
The US is accusing front companies of funding the IRGC with hundreds of millions of dollars and working with Russian intelligence to raise money for Iranian proxies.
I am sure all in this House would be appalled to know that money laundered here in our capital is being used against our own troops by the Houthis, so what assessment have the Government made of those allegations by our ally?
Does that not yet again show that we must proscribe the IRGC now?
This issue is repeatedly raised in the House and the hon.
Lady will know, as she will have heard the responses many times before, that we do not routinely comment on proscription.
It is the case however that we do sanction, and we have sanctioned the entirety of the IRGC already, as well as taken a number of different actions.
She will appreciate that this matter does not come directly within the Defence portfolio, but I know that she will have the opportunity to press Foreign Office and Home Office Ministers at a future time, and we do keep this matter under constant review.
I agree with the Secretary of State and the Government that we do not want to see an escalation in the region and that we want to be proportionate in our response and calibrate our response not to provoke and antagonise, but is it not the case that we might actually be hitting the wrong target—that we are hitting proxies of Iran and, while I believe in peace and diplomacy, the malevolent factor in the region, in all of this, is Iran?
It might be the case that, while we have the best of diplomatic intentions and we do not want to provoke Iran to a major conflict with NATO, the US or the UK, putting off that decision now will cost more lives in the future.
Iran and the regime—not the Iranian people but the regime in Iran—are behind all this.
They are the ones destabilising Israel, the Abraham accords and so on.
I hope the Secretary of State will take a strategic view and make hard choices on Iran, because, whether we like it or not, it is coming.
My right hon.
Friend makes the excellent point that Iran is behind all this.
Iran is behind Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthis and the IRGC-aligned militia that we have seen attack not just American troops—I often hear it is American personnel have been attacked 160 separate times in Syria and Iraq, but in fact about a third of those occasions involved British troops as well.
On every occasion, Iran is behind all of this.
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend and we are working hard to pressurise Iran into realising that its current approach can do no good at all and will destabilise the region, which it claims it does not want to do.
Let me first make the point that a direct attack on Iran would be insanity; the region would be provoked and others would be dragged into it.
I understand why the Government are saying that it is wise “to not over-link”
Houthis strikes with Gaza, but the reality is that the middle east region is on the edge of conflagration as a result of the war that is going on and the attacks on Gaza.
The priority must therefore be to secure peace in Gaza.
We have a limited role in that, but we know that Netanyahu would secure peace if pressurised to do so by the American Government, because realistically they are the only power that can influence him and Israeli strategy.
What further talks have taken place with the Biden Government to ensure that they exercise the maximum pressure on Netanyahu to get to that peace negotiating table?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, I hope, that the UK and the US work very closely on this.
I was in the States last week.
I met Blinken, Lloyd Austin and others to discuss exactly the points that the right hon.
Gentleman raises about how we bring together a solution that not only provides, ultimately, the Palestinian state for the Palestinian people, but security guarantees for Israel.
It is also important to realise that we are working closely in a number of different spheres, including on the Lebanese border, where we are working hard to try to prevent a further conflict there.
We should remember that 125,000 Israelis have had to move from that border because of the activity of Lebanese Hezbollah.
We are working with the Lebanese Government.
I saw the Yemeni Defence Minister yesterday, and we discussed how to prevent that conflict from becoming part of this, too.
The Government are pulling every single possible diplomatic lever in what is clearly a very complex position.
The Defence Secretary is right that this mission must continue to stand up and defend international laws in the Red sea, but the mission to remove the Houthi threat and keep the Red sea safe could last months, and it is not sustainable to continue tasking Typhoons from Cyprus for each mission or subsequent future threats.
Will the Defence Secretary therefore agree that there is a case for an urgent operational requirement to upgrade the Type-45 destroyers, given the continued inability of their vertical launch systems to strike targets at range inland?
I know that my right hon.
Friend takes a huge interest in this matter, and he will be interested to hear that on Friday I was on HMS Somerset in Devonport, where they are fitting a surface-to-surface system, which may or may not be appropriate in this particular type of conflict.
I want to take issue with one thing.
We are in a coalition here, working with the US and others.
As we have demonstrated repeatedly, there is no issue with Typhoons flying a long distance.
Indeed, when America carried out their unrelated attacks for Tower 22, they flew all the way from the United States.
Flying a long distance is no sign that the capability is not there in itself.
Will the Secretary of State please have another go at giving a better answer to the question from  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  about the extremely serious report in today’s Financial Times that two of Britain’s main banks are indirectly helping to fund the Houthis, with whom we are now in some sort of conflict?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard my answer a moment ago.
I know that he wants me to go into further detail, but I am unable to do that at the Dispatch Box right now.
We have noted both the question and the article of this morning.
We are also intensely engaged in finding the best way to ensure that Iranian influence, whether through the UK or in the region, is limited.
I do not think I can go further at this moment.
The Houthi rebels are violent extremist antisemites, and it is right that we take action to combat their aggression in the Red sea.
It seems that there is success in degrading their capabilities.
Is the Secretary of State confident that we will get to the point where we can stop the attacks altogether?
I think the clock is running down for the Houthis, in as much as their ability is being degraded, as my right hon.
Friend points out—they do not have the eyes and ears from the radar stations; they are more reliant still on Iran, and only the UK and the US have done interdictions of their weapons.
There is a limitation to this.
None the less, we still think that would continue, if they choose to, even at that lower level, but it is important that they cease and stop this.
We are putting pressure on, as I have described, through every possible means, including very extensive talks that I had yesterday in Saudi Arabia with various different people, including not just the Saudis but the Yemenis themselves.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what the long-term strategy is and how it relates to the ongoing precarious situation in Yemen?
Do the Government plan to commit to sustained military action?
If so, surely it is only right for Parliament to have its say in the appropriate way.
This is the third time that we have come to Parliament and made a statement—I know that the hon.
Lady has made other contributions to the debate—so we do feel that Parliament is being fully engaged in the process.
We are not looking to make this a sustained, long-term military action.
Indeed, I can guarantee for the House that if the Houthis stop, we will have absolutely no requirement again to drop munitions on them.
But it is a fact that they are the ones interrupting international maritime activity, and we cannot stand by and allow that to happen.
The Defence Secretary cannot comment specifically on target acquisition, but will he please confirm to the House that our intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance is focused on those Houthi capabilities directly engaged in the attacks on international shipping?
Is it reasonable to assume that further degradation of those capabilities will result in increased security in the Red sea?
My hon.
Friend asks a good question that has not yet been asked.
The answer is yes.
We are looking carefully, and the locations chosen on this occasion were indeed from a combination of US and UK intelligence.
The Government are right to have this strong response for what may seem to many to be a faraway war or incident, but which could impact so much on people’s lives here in the United Kingdom, through food shortages, supply chain disruption and inflation.
Given the reports about shortages of Royal Navy personnel, the difficulty with munitions, the difficulties with some ships and now the increased demands on the Navy because of tensions with China and Russia—maybe even Argentina in future—will the Secretary of State assure us that we have the capability to play our part in keeping supply chains open?
What discussions has he had with other allies to get them involved in the task of supporting us in this job?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of trade.
Some 90% of our goods come to this country via the sea, so it really matters to the United Kingdom, but it matters to the whole world.
He mentions personnel, munitions and so on, as have one or two other Members.
In my time as Defence Secretary, I have not been unable to deploy exactly where I have needed to, for example at the request of NATO when we deployed to Kosovo—they have returned home now—or for this conflict in the middle east, where we have needed to carry out the actions that we are discussing.
On each occasion, those have been available.
I previously mentioned a £288 billion 10-year programme on equipment and the success in recruiting more personnel.
I encourage other countries to match our defence budget, which is comfortably above 2% of GDP and heading up to 2.5%—the sooner they do that, the better.
I fully support the Government’s action in the Red sea.
The irony of the Iranian regime accusing us of destabilising the region through our actions will not be lost on reasonable people.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those demonstrators on the streets of London applauding what the Houthi rebels have been doing are at best useful idiots and at worst truly the enemy within?
I use my own language, but it is disgraceful to see people go out and support those who are indiscriminately firing at merchant ships—that is absolutely appalling.
I will not repeat my hon.
Friend’s language; I will put that support down to ignorance rather than anything else.