Further to the Minister’s response, the Prime Minister has been asked similar questions about child poverty in recent Prime Minister’s questions.
He usually responds that since 2010, the Conservatives have lifted 1.7 million people out of absolute poverty, which, as you know Mr Speaker, tracks living standards from a fixed point in time.
Can the Minister tell me how many more people, on average, Labour lifted out of absolute poverty annually, compared with the 1.7 million since 2010 that the Prime Minister regularly claims?
Rather than trade numbers, I would say that this is about giving people the dignity of a job.
Since 2009-10, 1.7 million fewer people are in absolute poverty after housing costs, including 400,000 fewer children and 1 million fewer working-age adults.
I know the hon.
Lady said that work was not the Labour party’s priority, but it is very much our priority.
If the Minister can point to an occasion when I have said that work was not the Labour party’s priority, she ought to say when that was, or she should withdraw that remark.
The answer to my question is that, on average, more than 350,000 more people left poverty in each year of the Labour Government.
The Prime Minister’s claim is pathetic.
Which of the following does the Minister think had the biggest impact on those poverty numbers?
Was it when the Conservatives repealed the Child Poverty  Act 2010, was it when they shut down the child poverty unit, was it the collapse in the value of child benefit, or was it the financial chaos caused by a Conservative Prime Minister in September 2022, which put all families’ finances at risk?
No, it is the fact that over 1 million more people are in work and youth employment is up by around 40%.
Ensuring that people have the dignity of work and that, when they are not in work, there is a strong welfare system around them, is what this country needs.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the potential relationship between increases in the cost of living and trends in the use of food banks.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the potential relationship between increases in the cost of living and trends in the use of food banks.
The Government take food security very seriously and are committed to understanding and addressing food poverty.
The reasons that people use food banks are complex and varied.
Food banks are independent charitable organisations and the Government have no role in their operation.
As such, data on trends are not currently available.
The staff and volunteers at the Norwood and Brixton food bank in my constituency work tirelessly all year round to support local people who simply cannot make ends meet.
They are responding to the highest level of need they have ever seen.
Why does the Minister think that, despite this being one of the richest countries in the world, food bank reliance is continuing to rise so much on this Government’s watch?
Can she tell the House what the Government are doing to end the need for food banks in the UK?
As I said, the reasons that people use food banks are complex and varied, as all the research indicates.
We offer support through cost of living payments and the household support fund, running to hundreds of millions of pounds.
The rise in the national living wage, the reduction in national insurance and the local housing allowance further help 1.6 million low-income households.
We have a whole of suite of ways to help the very poorest in our society.
Food banks such as the excellent Luton Foodbank have been pushed to breaking point this winter, as more and more people need emergency food due to the Conservatives’ cost of living crisis.
It is shameful that we now have more food banks than police stations.
What conversations has the Minister had with colleagues in the Treasury about introducing measures in next month’s Budget to support low-income working people facing hardship and to reduce the dependence on food banks?
I point the hon.
Lady to the further cost of living payments that will be going out this week to eligible households.
We do not comment on future fiscal announcements.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the carer’s allowance for people who care for more than one person.
This is a particular area of interest for me as a former carer and as part of a caring family.
It is important that we get the right balance.
The flat weekly rate for the carer’s allowance has never been linked to the number of people being cared for.
The weekly rate will increase to £81.90 from April, which is almost an extra £1,500 a year since 2010.
The hundreds of thousands of carers up and down the country are the unsung heroes of our society, who do a fantastic job.
Whether it is caring for elderly parents with dementia or sacrificing full-time work to care for a disabled child, carers play a critical role, easing the burden on health services.
For most carers, care is a 24/7 job, and they cannot take full-time work because of it.
When will the Government realise that £76, and now even £81.90, is measly and does not scratch the surface of what carers have to put up with and pay for, particularly when many carers are caring for more than one person?