I am sorry to hear about Emily’s situation.
I would remind others in her situation that there is a help to claim service available through Citizens Advice and also a benefits calculator on gov.uk, but I would also be extremely keen to see the details of what has happened.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady or to look at the details, whatever she would prefer.
What steps he plans to take to increase levels of employment in Cumbria.
What steps his Department is taking to expand the support available through jobcentres in Cheadle constituency.
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in Darlington constituency.
Across the country our fantastic work coaches are supporting people to secure and progress in work.
In Kendal, Cheadle and Darlington, jobcentres are working with local and national employers to match jobseekers with vacancies through job fairs, sector-based work academy programmes and apprenticeships.
As it is National  Apprenticeship Week, this is a great time for employers to promote the opportunities available, and I urge all colleagues who have not yet done so to visit their jobcentre if it has an apprenticeship fair on.
The hon.
Gentleman’s was last week, wasn’t it?
I do indeed celebrate the work of the Kendal jobcentre.
It does a fantastic job but one problem is that it has too small a workforce.
This week we mourn the loss of yet another Lake District business, this time a bistro in Coniston, due in part to the loss of affordable homes and to restrictive visa rules, both of which are shrinking our local workforce.
Will the Minister meet me and local Cumbrian business leaders to develop a plan to tackle Cumbria’s workforce crisis?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman, but I also gently say that this is about other Government Departments as well.
I will certainly work with him as far as employers go, under my remit.
Speaking to Stockport jobcentre last week, I heard about the success of the movement to work scheme, which places young people with employers, including in the civil service.
However, the lengthy civil service application process is delaying placements.
Will my hon.
Friend look into how the process could be streamlined and accelerated, and join me on a visit to Stockport jobcentre?
I know that senior civil servants are engaged in piloting an initiative that will help to speed this up, because we need to place those candidates more quickly and ensure that we get them into work swiftly.
I would love to visit Stockport and add its jobcentre to the growing list that I have visited.
I put on record my thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman)  for his work to establish the Jobcentre Plus Facebook pages, of which Darlington’s was the first.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister outline how successful that page has been and what further plans she has to develop accessible social media job advertising?
We know that social media helps, and that 40 to 50-year-olds in particular enjoy engaging with a digital platform when they are looking for work.
We have had instances in the past of people thanking us when they have been given interviews online.
It is important that posts are accessible and we are working to ensure that this is the case.
I would point customers of any age to the JobHelp website, which has a host of useful information.
I am keen to see if we can roll out such progress further.
I do find that a strange grouping, but not to worry, Minister.
Well dealt with!
How you got from Cumbria across the country like that is amazing.
What steps he is taking to help ensure workplaces are accessible for autistic people.
Autistic people have a huge amount to offer in the workforce, which is why we set up the Buckland review in April 2023, led by my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , to look at the barriers to autistic people gaining employment and to ensure that we have a more inclusive workforce for them.
May I push the Minister on what progress has been made by the Buckland review?
Will he also remind jobcentres up and down the country that people on the autism spectrum have great talents and often need only slight workplace modifications of simple things such as lighting or noise levels?
This could open up a source of real talent for our country.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
Small changes can often make a big difference, not just for autistic people but for the businesses they go on to serve and work in.
He will have to be a little more patient about the Buckland review report coming out, but it will not be long.
I also point him to the Access to Work and Disability Confident approaches, which both do exactly what he suggests.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the number of people who are not eligible for statutory sick pay because they are paid less than the lower earnings limit on levels of inequality in Stoke-on-Trent North constituency.
The Department has not made a specific assessment for the Stoke-on-Trent North constituency, but I refer my hon.
Friend to the evidence I presented to the Work and Pensions Committee last week.
I look forward to meeting him this week to discuss this in more detail.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her answer.
I am proud to have joined a campaign, together with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and  the hon.
Member for Glasgow East (David Linden) , to reform statutory sick pay.
That campaign, led by the Centre for Progressive Change, was referenced in today’s Times Health Commission report.
Ahead of the spring Budget, will the Department join us in lobbying the Treasury to make these important changes, so that we have a healthier workforce that contributes more to our economy and, more importantly, so that we make sure that work pays fairly?
I refer my hon.
Friend to the answers I gave to the Work and Pensions Committee.
Statutory sick pay is considerably more complex than he makes out, but it is nice to see all this cross-party collaboration.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Department has been busy supporting the most vulnerable, with the third instalment of the £900 cost of living payments starting to reach the bank accounts of 8 million low-income households tomorrow.
We are also on the verge of publishing our disability action plan.
We have seen economic inactivity decrease by 330,000 since its peak during the pandemic.
I have made it a priority for my Department to engage across Parliament.
As Secretary of State, I appeared before the Work and Pensions Committee in December.
The pensions Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) , appeared before the Committee on  10 January ; the Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) , appeared before the Committee on  31 January ; and I believe the Minister for Disabled People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , and Viscount Younger, our Lords Minister, will appear before it next month.
There will be a statement on the disability action plan this afternoon.
Lambeth Council and Southwark Council have worked hard over the past few years to deliver targeted cost of living support through the household support fund.
Many local people continue to face serious hardship as a consequence of this Government’s political decisions, but local authorities do not know what, if any, funding they will receive after  31 March .
When does the Secretary of State expect to confirm the future of the household support fund, so that local authorities can plan ahead?
I am pleased that the hon.
Lady recognises the importance and value of our various interventions.
Ten million payments have been made through the HSF since its inception, and £1 billion has been put into the fund in the last year.
She will know that her question is a matter for the Chancellor, and the matter will quite possibly—I really do not know—be dealt with at a future fiscal event.
There is no news on that at this stage.
Anglesey has an active autism parents’ group, and brilliant coaches like Ryan Gibbs—he runs a “fighting for Autism” class—who work hard to support autistic children and each other.
For parents such as Shelly Rankin Jones and young autistic people such as Becca Pierce, can the Minister update the House on the Buckland review of autism employment?