Rather than deal with the known policy failures within the benefits system, the Government seem to be more focused on penalising people through, for example, the two-child cap.
Last week, the Labour party joined the Conservatives in prioritising lifting the cap on bankers’ bonuses rather than the two-child cap on working women.
Does the Secretary of State take comfort in the fact that his cruel legacy will be protected by the Labour party?
I am not going to get involved in the crossfire between the Scottish National party and the Labour party, other than to say—[Interruption.]
Order.
I do not need a continuing argument and disagreement.
I am sure that when the questions come to an end, you can speak outside.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The two-child cap is there for good reason: so that families in those circumstances are taking the same kind of decisions that others—the taxpayers funding benefits—have to take.
What steps he is taking to help reduce child poverty.
What recent estimate he has made of the number of children in poverty.
In the latest statistics, there were 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty after housing costs than there were in 2009-10.
In this financial year, we will spend about £124 billion on welfare supporting working-age families.
We are also providing £104 billion between 2022 and 2025 to help families with cost of living pressures.
However, the Government’s focus is firmly on reducing the risk of child poverty by supporting parents into work in every way we can.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation recently found that 42% of children in Bolton live below the poverty line.
After 14 years of Tory cuts and general  incompetence, Britain now has the worst rise in child poverty among the major countries.
What would the Minister say to a young family in Bolton who told me, “One day we eat and one day we don’t”?
Nobody on either side of the House wants to see families struggling.
However, I repeat that children living in workless households are about five times more likely to be in absolute poverty after housing costs than those in households where all adults work.
The Government are supporting the whole family through our childcare support, which we have increased by almost 50% to £951 a month for one child or £1,630 for two; the increase in the national living wage to £11.44 from April; our cost of living offers; and so on.
The recent Joseph Rowntree Foundation report highlighted Scotland’s much lower child poverty rate compared with England and Wales, and said that that was partly due to the Scottish Government’s child payment.
Further progress is constrained by the UK’s inadequate social security system.
The Trussell Trust’s “guarantee our essentials” campaign shows that 90% of low-income households on universal credit in the UK cannot afford everyday essentials.
Does the Minister accept that raising the universal credit basic rate is critical to tackling child poverty?
The welfare system is there to be a strong safety net.
It is not about a singular issue, because no households are the same.
It is about wraparound care and dealing with people on an individual basis.
It is about making sure that where children need support—for example, with free school meals—we provide it.