The people of Scotland and elsewhere on these islands deserve to know what the plan is for this crisis in the Red sea—not the timings, the detail of missions, the tactical ambition or the resources behind these, but the broad strategy being pursued with lethal force in our name and in the absence of parliamentary approval.
We have already made it clear from the SNP Benches that we support the Government and international partners in direct action to uphold freedom of navigation and the law of the sea, but this should never have been taken for granted and it remains subject to a realistic interpretation of both self-defence and imminence.
We see the toll that Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine has taken on our constituents and businesses over energy costs, so we cannot allow this to be compounded further by interrupting global supply chains, nor can we ever tolerate or stand idly by while seafarers are put at risk, whatever the supposed aims of the Houthis or their backers may be.
Will this be a sustained engagement?
I do not know, and neither does the rest of Parliament.
One way or another, an allied seaborne strike capability will be engaged, so with one of the two aircraft carriers in the Royal Navy out of commission again, the Type 23 frigate fleet on its knees, and the Type 43 destroyer fleet still going through PIP—the power improvement project—who in the Government has a grip of the Royal Navy’s resources?
Fundamentally, what is the UK Government’s plan to ensure that this campaign is not escalatory, and what is the thinking behind any assessment that they have made?
In closing, this is not about supporting Gazans, or people dying or fleeing persecution in Gaza, but about the Houthis pursuing their own aims.
However, I would be interested to know what the Government’s assessment is of the uptick in temperature in the middle east—in Gaza, in Yemen and with NATO ally personnel being killed.
Listening carefully to the hon.
Gentleman, I detect that he supports the action that has been taken.
As I have said, it cannot be right that international shipping is prevented from its own freedom of navigation.
Again, respecting the will of the House and listening very carefully, it is quite clear that the official Opposition support this action, as do the Government and, as I now learn, do those on his own Benches, and I remember the Liberal Democrats saying it previously.
So I think it is quite clear that there is a strong support in this House.
It is also important that there is sufficient freedom of action to ensure the safety and security of our airmen and women when they undertake these actions, rather than flagging them substantially in advance.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned—and so did  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) —the aircraft carrier, and I should just address this point.
It is the case that, actually through an abundance of caution on a final inspection, the decision was taken for the aircraft carrier not to sail.
I have spoken to the First Sea Lord, who has made it clear to me that, if there had been an emergency situation—the House will recall that it was going to join Exercise Steadfast Defender—it quite probably would have sailed.
The fact is that we have another one, and that will sail to the exercise.
On the frigates and the destroyers, I just disagree with the hon.
Gentleman.
I have been out to visit those on HMS Diamond in the Red sea, and they are absolutely prepared and ready to go.
That’s one.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, that is one, but today that ship has been replaced by HMS Richmond, which now takes on that mantle.
We have 16 ships under construction or on order.
I wonder how many we would get from the SNP, with its approach to defence.