First, I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s support for this action.
He asked a series of questions, which I will rattle through.
Were the actions effective?
Yes, they hit the targets.
Were all the targets hit?
Again, yes.
We are still carrying out surveillance to find out the exact impact, but I think we can be very confident that all the relevant objectives were reached.
We combined very closely with our US colleagues, and sometimes interchanged some of those targets with them.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noted that, on this occasion, we were involved in dropping munitions on more targets than previously, so we carried a slightly greater weight than before.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether the action was successful, and rightly pointed out that what we are seeing is rather more sporadic: the attacks, including on HMS Diamond and on merchant shipping, have continued, but in a much more ad hoc fashion.
It is perhaps relevant that there has been no attack using multiple different weapons at the same time, which we saw, for example, on  11 January .
The degrading will have had some impact on that.
I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Prime Minister at the end—I want to set the record straight.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about Operation Prosperity Guardian.
The simple answer, of course, is that none of us knows how long it will need to continue for, but we want it to come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
We utterly reject any notion that these continued attacks by the Houthis are anything to do with the situation in Gaza.
The Houthis are opportunist pirates who are using a situation to their benefit: a few years  ago, they did not even support Hamas, but suddenly they want to be their greatest champions.
They are over 2,000 kilometres away from Gaza; they are simply using the situation to their advantage, and it is wise for the House to not over-link the two.
None the less, the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to about the need to see a humanitarian truce and a sustainable ceasefire—that is the Government’s policy.
We are working extremely hard to try to achieve that, including through discussions that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and myself are having.
Just yesterday, I was having those discussions in the middle east.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAF flights.
The issue is not getting the aid to location—I have been working very closely with the Cypriot Government, for example, on how we can increase the amount of aid.
The single biggest problem remains getting the aid into the country.
We had some success with getting Kerem Shalom open, but what we really need to see is Ashdod open, in order to route that aid to Kerem Shalom and straight into Gaza.
The Government and I will continue to push for that route, but the problem is not the flights taking off; it is the aid getting in.
Finally, turning to the fact that it is myself as Defence Secretary standing at the Dispatch Box, rather than the Prime Minister, the first thing to say is that it is the Secretary of State for Defence who actually has legal responsibility for these actions—who signs off the targets and, indeed, the legal authority.
Technically, it is me who should be standing here, other than for the first couple of rounds, where the Prime Minister was dealing with something new and it was therefore very appropriate for him to be at the Dispatch Box.
The wider point that I would gently make to the right hon.
Gentleman, though, is that the Prime Minister is in Northern Ireland today, doing incredibly important work—[Interruption.]
I hear from a sedentary position the suggestion that we should have been recalled yesterday, but I unsure whether that would have been entirely practical.
It is entirely appropriate that the Prime Minister is in Northern Ireland.
I would have thought that the House would welcome the fact that that historic breakthrough has been marked by the Prime Minister, and it is very appropriate that I am here today to explain the activity of Saturday night to the House.
Although it is clear that the Houthi attacks have not ended, as the shadow Defence Secretary said, there does appear to have been a difference in the cadence.
The mass attacks that we saw on  11 January , for example, have not been repeated, partly because the Houthis’ ability has been degraded.
However, we are always looking at other means, including routes via the United Nations, and at the wider picture of, for instance, the peace treaty between Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
All those elements fit into the way in which we are applying pressure to try to bring the situation to a close.
Not so much, she says, so there we go.
I reiterate that the disability action plan is not just another consultation, but real, tangible action to change people’s daily lives, with 13 practical actions across 14 different areas.
It is about building a society that works for everyone.
The hon.
Member for Lewisham, Deptford (Vicky Foxcroft)  is right to point out that day-to-day life is too difficult for disabled people and their families; I agree with her.
That is why we have taken the opportunities we can take in this round, alongside the wider national disabilities strategy.
I would love to boil the ocean and to have fixed everything in the month or so I have been in the role, but I assure hon.
Members that irrespective of the perceived level of the role, I have the convening power and support across Government.
I am delighted that the hon.
Lady keeps pushing for my elevation, but under the previous Labour Administration the Minister for Disabled People was an Under-Secretary of State.
I am extremely proud to be an Under-Secretary of State—