The Secretary of State is rightly clear about breaches of international law by the Houthis in the Red sea.
Can he be equally clear about breaches of international law by all sides in Gaza?
Does he think it will help reduce hostilities across the middle east if the Government can build a broader international coalition in support of their diplomatic and military aims?
The United Kingdom Government always want international humanitarian law to be adhered to, and we make that point repeatedly to every side in this conflict.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is driving at Israel.
To answer his question directly, Israel is included.
Hamas could end the conflict very quickly if they release the hostages that they have kidnapped and cease firing on Israel.
On the wider coalitions, I described how New Zealand is now on board with the military action, but I should mention that 20-plus countries are involved in Operation Prosperity Guardian, and the EU has formed an additional operation, which we welcome.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ipswich (Tom Hunt) , as well as open support for the Houthis this weekend on the streets of central London, some protestors in the pro-Palestinian marches again called for an intifada and held up deeply racist antisemitic signs, one of which included informing Israelis—we presume Jewish Israelis—that they were indigenous to nowhere other than hell.
I am not sure that it is just ignorance; I think something more sinister is at play among some of the protestors.
We should call it what it is: pure and simple Jew hate.
Will the Secretary of State inform the House whether he has spoken to anyone else across Government about more action to deal with some of the hate on our streets?
The Home Secretary continuously keeps this matter under review, and meets police chiefs to ensure that they have the powers to combat what my hon.
Friend rightly describes as absolutely disgusting behaviour, which has no place at all on our streets.
I am sure that the whole House needs no reminding, but perhaps the people who go out campaigning do: the Houthis’ slogan is “Death to America, death to Israel, death to the Jews no matter where they are.”
There is no place for that on the streets of Britain.
It is an extraordinary situation where the Secretary of State comes here, makes a matter-of-fact statement about the  launch of missiles against a number of targets and countries, gives no indication of the long-term war aim by the UK at present, and says absolutely nothing about the crying, desperate need for a ceasefire to protect the people of Gaza from further death and destruction.
Does he not realise that the extension of the conflict by Britain and the United States to at least four other countries risks a huge conflagration across the whole region?
I would have been much happier had he come here and said that Britain was determined to try to deal with the injustices in the region and to bring about a peace process rather than further militarisation of the seaways around all those countries.
Surely peace is something to aim for, rather than the continuation of yet more wars.
Never have I disagreed so much with the right hon.
Gentleman—and that is saying something, given that he wants to scrap Trident and pull us out of NATO.
The statement is on the Red sea.
I am surprised that he is not more appreciative of the geography.
The attacks in the Red sea are a very long way from Gaza.
He misunderstands why I have come to this House: to talk about munitions on a single country, not three countries, as he said.
I spoke to the Yemeni Government yesterday, who thank us for our work.
It is a shame that he cannot do the same.
I commend the Defence Secretary for his excellent work.
He talked about Yemen.
Its Foreign Minister, Ahmad Awad bin Mubarak, said on Thursday that there is no doubt that Iran’s Quds Force operatives have been deployed to his own coastline.
What assessment has my right hon.
Friend made of the extent of Iran’s aggressive military adventurism and its destabilising effect on international peace and security?
Quite simply, Iran is a malign influence not just on Yemen but on the entire region.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to point out the manner in which it has helped to create instability in the Red sea.
I am afraid that the only language that the Iranians understand is the approach that we have been taking: to show them that there is a red line and they have crossed it.
I completely understand and agree with the need to protect international shipping and maritime security and to ensure the safety of civilians and seafarers in the Red sea.
However, some of us are also concerned about a wider escalation in this already volatile region.
Will the Defence Secretary outline what steps the Government are taking, diplomatic or otherwise, to stop us being sucked into an escalating regional conflict?
The actions we are discussing are very specific and targeted, as the hon.
Gentleman will recognise.
They are not open to being repeated unless the attacks on us continue, so they can actually be stopped immediately.
In terms of wider diplomacy, which I have gone into in some detail, I have met with Sullivan, Blinken and Lloyd Austin in the States, while the Foreign Secretary has been doing the same with his opposite numbers.
As I have just described, I was in the region until this morning, where I was having extensive discussions on how to bring this situation to a conclusion.
I am afraid  it is not always possible to provide a line-by-line explanation of every single element of those talks, which I appreciate is frustrating for the House, but we are making broad and strenuous efforts to achieve exactly what the hon.
Gentleman is looking for.