We back the UK-US airstrikes that took place at the weekend to protect shipping in the Red sea.
We know that the strikes were carried out against Houthi command centres and weapons stores.
We accept that they were limited, necessary and targeted to minimise the risk of civilian casualties.
The Houthis are attacking the ships of many nations, threatening maritime security and international trade, and putting civilian and military lives in serious danger.
That is why the UN Security Council passed last month a resolution condemning Houthi actions in the strongest possible terms and demanding that their attacks stop.
We accept that the strikes we justified, but will the Defence Secretary confirm that they were also effective?
Were the targets selected the targets hit?
Was the purpose of destroying the drone control centres at As-Salif and Al-Munirah fully achieved?
Ministers have said that the aims of the strikes are, first, to deter Houthi attacks, and secondly, to degrade their capabilities.
The first aim has not yet succeeded, as Houthi attacks continue, but is the fact that those attacks are now less sophisticated and more sporadic a sign that the second aim may be succeeding?
This is the third UK-US strike in the past three weeks.
At what stage do three one-off strikes become a sustained campaign?
If this does develop into continuing military action, at what stage will the Government give Parliament a say?
Before I turn to the wider role of UK forces in the Red sea, let me make this point: it is the Prime Minister who should be making this statement to the House, just as he did after the two previous UK strikes on Houthi targets.
It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to authorise such UK military action in the name of the Cabinet, advised by others, of course, including and especially the Defence Secretary.
The Government risk downgrading respect for the convention that, having given the go-ahead for such action, it is the Prime Minister who then reports directly to this House.
We also back the leading role of the Royal Navy in the continuing defence of shipping from all nations in the Red sea.
What action are the Government taking to persuade other countries to join the Prosperity Guardian protection force?
How long does the Defence Secretary expect Operation Prosperity Guardian to be needed?
How will the EU’s new maritime mission to the Red sea co-ordinate operations with Prosperity Guardian?
Two weeks ago, I asked the Defence Secretary if a UK carrier was ready to deploy to the Red sea.
We now know that HMS Queen Elizabeth has serious problems, so does the UK still have the option of sending a carrier to the Red sea if required, and if so, when?
Military action on its own cannot solve the problems in the region.
What is the Government’s diplomatic action to pressure the Houthis to cease their attacks and settle the civil war in Yemen, and to pressure Iran to stop supplying weapons and intelligence to the Houthis?
Finally, like the Defence Secretary, I totally reject the Houthi claims that firing missiles and drones at ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
They have been attacking oil tankers and seizing ships for at least five years—not just for the 121 days since  7 October .
Those attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people, whose agonies are now extreme.
We want the Gaza fighting to stop now with a humanitarian truce that can build into a sustainable ceasefire, to stop the killing of innocent civilians, get all the remaining hostages out and get much more aid into Gaza.
The UK aid efforts must be accelerated.
Have any more RAF flights taken off since the Defence Secretary was last in this Chamber, and if not, why not?
Finally, for long-term peace, there has to be a political process that can turn the rhetoric around two states living side by side in peace into reality.
The House is united in that UK vision, and I give this commitment from our side: if elected to form the next Government, Labour will lead this new push for peace.
First, I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s support for this action.
He asked a series of questions, which I will rattle through.
Were the actions effective?
Yes, they hit the targets.
Were all the targets hit?
Again, yes.
We are still carrying out surveillance to find out the exact impact, but I think we can be very confident that all the relevant objectives were reached.
We combined very closely with our US colleagues, and sometimes interchanged some of those targets with them.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noted that, on this occasion, we were involved in dropping munitions on more targets than previously, so we carried a slightly greater weight than before.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether the action was successful, and rightly pointed out that what we are seeing is rather more sporadic: the attacks, including on HMS Diamond and on merchant shipping, have continued, but in a much more ad hoc fashion.
It is perhaps relevant that there has been no attack using multiple different weapons at the same time, which we saw, for example, on  11 January .
The degrading will have had some impact on that.[Official Report,  6 February 2024 , Vol. 745, c. 3MC.]
(Correction) I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Prime Minister at the end—I want to set the record straight.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about Operation Prosperity Guardian.
The simple answer, of course, is that none of us knows how long it will need to continue for, but we want it to come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
We utterly reject any notion that these continued attacks by the Houthis are anything to do with the situation in Gaza.
The Houthis are opportunist pirates who are using a situation to their benefit: a few years  ago, they did not even support Hamas, but suddenly they want to be their greatest champions.
They are over 2,000 kilometres away from Gaza; they are simply using the situation to their advantage, and it is wise for the House to not over-link the two.
None the less, the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to about the need to see a humanitarian truce and a sustainable ceasefire—that is the Government’s policy.
We are working extremely hard to try to achieve that, including through discussions that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and myself are having.
Just yesterday, I was having those discussions in the middle east.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAF flights.
The issue is not getting the aid to location—I have been working very closely with the Cypriot Government, for example, on how we can increase the amount of aid.
The single biggest problem remains getting the aid into the country.
We had some success with getting Kerem Shalom open, but what we really need to see is Ashdod open, in order to route that aid to Kerem Shalom and straight into Gaza.
The Government and I will continue to push for that route, but the problem is not the flights taking off; it is the aid getting in.
Finally, turning to the fact that it is myself as Defence Secretary standing at the Dispatch Box, rather than the Prime Minister, the first thing to say is that it is the Secretary of State for Defence who actually has legal responsibility for these actions—who signs off the targets and, indeed, the legal authority.
Technically, it is me who should be standing here, other than for the first couple of rounds, where the Prime Minister was dealing with something new and it was therefore very appropriate for him to be at the Dispatch Box.
The wider point that I would gently make to the right hon.
Gentleman, though, is that the Prime Minister is in Northern Ireland today, doing incredibly important work—[Interruption.]
I hear from a sedentary position the suggestion that we should have been recalled yesterday, but I unsure whether that would have been entirely practical.
It is entirely appropriate that the Prime Minister is in Northern Ireland.
I would have thought that the House would welcome the fact that that historic breakthrough has been marked by the Prime Minister, and it is very appropriate that I am here today to explain the activity of Saturday night to the House.
Do the Government accept that it is difficult to deter terrorist fanatics, and that one mainly has to contain the effectiveness of what they do until they are ultimately destroyed, preferably by our regional allies?
Does the Secretary of State feel that there is in fact a link to a separate conflict, and that is the conflict in Ukraine?
Is it not more than a coincidence that the proxies of Russia’s ally in the middle east have been so much more active while Russia is so desperate for us to turn our attention away from supporting Ukraine?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend has absolutely hit the nail on the head.
Russia and Iran are working together.
Actually, the same kind of drones—sometimes the Shahed drones—that are being fired in Ukraine by the Russians, courtesy of Iran, are also being fired by the Houthis.
He makes an excellent linkage point, and he is absolutely right.