Thank you, Mr Speaker.
When I was 16, my mother took me to Danske bank—or Northern bank as it was then—and opened an account for me.
When I was 18, my mother phoned up the pension man in Ballywalter and told him I needed a pension.
My mother has been a big guide in my life.
What would the Secretary of State say to encourage the young people of today to take their mother’s advice on opening bank and pension accounts and planning for the future?
I think the response to that is, always take your mother’s advice.
I always did—and look where it got me.
At the age of 16, I would have thought the hon.
Gentleman would have been saving into a piggy bank, putting his little pennies in a porcelain pig.
I direct him to the gov.uk website, where there is a plethora of information for young people and those of all ages about saving and what the Government are doing to assist.
The good news is that Mrs Shannon is still giving him advice.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the simplest ways to get people saving for the future is by ensuring that they are enrolled in a pension scheme, but all too many are currently excluded from auto-enrolment, particularly women, who are twice as likely to miss out.
The Government have known about this problem for years.
They first proposed widening the criteria in 2017.
Last year, thanks to a private Member’s Bill, the Minister was given the power to do just that, but still we have seen no update on when this will be implemented.
Can the Secretary of State shed light on when these vital changes will take place?
The hon.
Lady draws attention to savings for women.
I have already stated that 40% of women invested in workplace pensions back in 2012, and that has skyrocketed to 86% today.
There are now 2.3 million employers providing pensions through the auto-enrolment route, and there is £29 billion more in workplace pensions in 2024 than was the case in 2012.
The hon.
Lady refers, I think, to the 2017 review, which I have already referred to.
That is currently under review.
What steps his Department is taking to help people with long-term sickness into work.
This Government have a range of initiatives to support disabled people and people with long-term sickness to start, stay and succeed in work.
At the autumn statement, we built on that by expanding universal support, launching WorkWell pilots and establishing work on the reform of the fit note.
My hon.
Friend will know about the excellent work being done by people such as my Maltby constituent, Ian Birch, and all his colleagues at Reed in Partnership across the whole of Rotherham.
They use DWP funding to help those with long-term issues of sickness and illness to get back into work and on their feet.
What is her Department doing to make sure that those who go through these programmes stay in work permanently and contribute to the local economy?