The Member will be aware that the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said this morning that the tax policies of the Scottish Government have actually cost Scotland money rather than raised it.
He will know, too, that this Government have had to undertake a comprehensive audit of spending to make sure that we can clear up the mess that we have inherited.
The £22 billion black hole is real, and the Treasury reserves have been spent more than three times over.
He will be aware that the focus of the Chancellor is on making sure that we fix the foundations and get the economy back on track.
What steps his Department is taking to support delivery of the Borderlands inclusive growth deal.
This Government are committed to delivering economic growth in all parts of the country and we are working closely with local partners and the Scottish Government on the Borderlands growth deal.
Together, we are ensuring that it delivers the uplift in economic benefits set out in the deal.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment, and I particularly congratulate the Secretary of State on his.
Being on your own in this House is a tough gig, and he exercised it in exemplary fashion over seven years, but—as I found—having new colleagues brings a whole new set of challenges of its own.
Will the hon.
Lady ensure that the mountain bike centre at the Caerlee mill in Innerleithen is prioritised?
There has been a suggestion that the project will not now go ahead in that location.
It is vital that we have that centre and it is vital that the mill is refurbished.
The UK Government have pledged £19 million for the mountain bike innovation centre project, as part of the Borderlands growth deal.
My officials are working closely with all local partners, including Scottish Borders council, to progress this project.
I expect to provide an update on the development of the project shortly.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the effectiveness of the relationship between the UK and Scottish Governments.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on winning Glasgow East.
The people of Scotland want their two Governments to spend more time fighting for them than fighting each other, which is why resetting the relationship has been a priority for this Government and, indeed, the Prime Minister.
I have had numerous productive meetings with Scottish Government Ministers, including the Deputy First Minister.
We have had 17 days of visits across Scotland, and seven members of the Cabinet have already visited.
There have been dozens of calls between Secretaries of State and Cabinet Secretaries.
I look forward to working with the Scottish Government to deliver our shared priorities for the people of Scotland.
Scotland’s official economic forecaster, the Scottish Fiscal Commission, has said of the Scottish Budget that “much of the pressure comes from the Scottish Government’s own decisions.”
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Scottish Government must accept responsibility for the catastrophic state of Scotland’s public finances?
My hon.
Friend is right; the Scottish Fiscal Commission did say that.
While this new Government are cleaning up the mess of the previous Conservative Government, the SNP seems to be cleaning up its own mess.
In 2023, Audit Scotland said: “The Scottish Government’s projections suggest that it cannot afford to pay for public services in their current form.”
As we have heard, the IFS said this morning that SNP decisions have reduced the tax take rather than increase it.
This is about treating taxpayers’ money with respect and being honest about the tough choices we face.
An honest assessment of the SNP Government’s Budget is that these problems have been stored up for years.
Tough decisions have been kicked into the long grass, and money has been spent recklessly.
It is a problem of the SNP’s own making, and the Scottish people will suffer as the SNP tries to clear it up.