During the inheritance statement a few weeks ago, the Chancellor set out how the current Government are fixing the foundations and trying to clear up the dreadful legacy left by the Government of which the hon.
Gentleman was a member.
The Chancellor did not want or expect to make these decisions, but they had to be made to try to get the finances in balance and to make sure that we can fix the foundations to deliver on our manifesto.
That is the legacy of the previous Government and, as I said in my previous answer, the SNP has made a mess of the public finances over the last 17 years.
As we saw in the Scottish Parliament yesterday, the SNP has one hell of a mess to clear up, and it is Scottish pensioners and the Scottish people who will pay the price.
Labour is taking a leaf from the SNP playbook by refusing to take responsibility for its own actions.
This is happening because of choices made by this Labour Government that have been passed on by the SNP in Edinburgh.
Labour’s election slogan was all about change and, under this Labour Government, pensioners do not seem to have any change to spare.
A woman called Lesley told Age Scotland that the winter fuel payment “is literally a life saver for us.”
Another person, Brian, told Age Scotland: “I would freeze without it, or go hungry.”
Is this the change that Labour meant—taking money away from struggling pensioners?
There seems to be no recognition or apology from the shadow Secretary of State for the legacy his party has left this Government to try to clear up.
We knew about the massive overspend in public services by the previous Government, and the audit the Chancellor did in her first weekend in office revealed the £22 billion black hole.
These things have to be fixed.
We did not expect or want to make such tough decisions, but we have had to make them to fix the foundations of our economy.
May I add my congratulations to the Secretary of State?
I know it has not always been easy and sometimes it has been a lonely path, so I offer my personal congratulations to him on his appointment and to  the hon.
Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill)  on taking her place.
I will take the Secretary of State at face value on improving the relationship between the Scottish and UK Governments, but he will be aware of the devastating consequences of the cuts in the winter fuel payment for pensioners in both our constituencies and across Scotland.
In order to work better with the Scottish Government, will he do better than giving them just 90 minutes’ notice next time?