The Secretary of State will be aware that macroeconomic policy sits here in Westminster and that decisions taken here have a huge impact.
We have worked on this issue before, so does he agree with the SNP that being outside the customs union and the single market is bad for growth in the Scottish economy, or does he agree with the Conservatives and their Reform party colleagues that it has been good for the Scottish economy?
The hon.
Gentleman is taking no responsibility for the decisions that his party makes in the Scottish Government.
We saw that yesterday with them plugging the hole in their own public finances.
The IFS has been clear that the decisions the Scottish Government have made have taken the tax take down in Scotland, despite being it being the highest taxed part of the country.
If we are to reset this relationship, they have to start off by taking accountability and responsibility for their own decisions.
Sport has played an essential role in economic growth in Scotland.
What steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that the legacy of Sir Andy Murray is recognised in Scotland?
I would like to announce to the House that Andy Murray and I are not related, despite the fact that we share the same physique
[Laughter.]
I assure the House that the Scotland Office and this Government will do all we can to ensure that the wonderful legacy of one of Britain’s best sportspeople of all time is maintained.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
Scotland is at the forefront of this Government’s mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower by 2030.
We will headquarter Great British Energy, a new publicly owned clean energy company, capitalised with £8.3 billion, in Scotland.
That will help create thousands of jobs, and deliver energy security and lower prices permanently for consumers.
Just this week, the sixth allocation for the contracts for difference scheme was announced, with over 130 renewable projects awarded contracts and 20% of those projects based in Scotland.