The Government will continue to engage with Harland & Wolff, local MPs and the Scottish Government to monitor the situation and support a resolution that provides long-term certainty for the yards and workforces across the whole UK, with all four yards across the UK being treated as one.
The Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill) , recently visited the Arnish yard.
I have visited the Methil yard twice—once before the election and once during the election—and I have regular meetings with the Deputy First Minister on this issue and hope to meet her again in the coming weeks.
We will do all we can to protect these yards.
Having spent many years working for my right hon.
Friend when he was on the Opposition Benches, may I welcome him to his position as Secretary of State for Scotland?
The creation of GB Energy will support 50,000 new jobs across Scotland.
It will deliver lower household bills and help us meet our net zero obligations.
Given that Glasgow already has a fantastic renewables industry, may I ask what work he has done with his Cabinet colleagues to ensure that GB Energy supports jobs in Glasgow?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on winning his seat in Glasgow South.
His question is much better than any that he ever wrote for me.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero is due to make an announcement on the location of GB Energy very soon.
I regret that, in the interim, I can say no more than that, although I am sure that my hon.
Friend’s words of encouragement in respect of Glasgow will not have escaped the attention of my Cabinet colleagues.
I can announce exclusively to the House today, Mr Speaker, that GB Energy will be headquartered in Scotland.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that I have been working closely with Unite, GMB and local management at the Methil yard in my constituency during the restructuring process at Harland & Wolff.
Does he agree that 200 skilled workers at Methil and those at Arnish have a vital contribution to make to our ambitions to grow our renewable sector, and also that all stakeholders have a vital role in securing the long-term future of these yards?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on winning Glenrothes and Mid Fife.
I acknowledge his efforts, and those of many hon.
Friends in the House and of people in the local area, advocating for the Methil fabrication yard.
The yard, along with many others like it, will have a key role in fulfilling our ambition for Scotland and the UK to become a green energy powerhouse.
In addition to GB Energy, there is the national wealth fund, which will help unlock further investment opportunities for ports and heavy industry, and manufacturing companies  will have a crucial role to play in creating jobs in our transition to net zero.
I have been to the Methil plant twice.
It has a world-class workforce, and I can assure them that we will do everything we possibly can to make sure that they have a bright future.