The Secretary of State was asked— What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
This is, of course, my first Scottish questions on this side of the House, and I am delighted to be joined by so many colleagues from Scotland behind me.
I welcome back returning Members from all parties and thank those who have not returned for all their hard work on behalf of their constituents.
I thank the former Secretary of State for Scotland, Sir Alister Jack, for his work representing Scotland in Whitehall and the UK Government in Scotland.
I also thank all the staff in the Scotland Office for making us so welcome.
Their professionalism is unsurpassed.
I am very pleased that we were recently able to welcome 19 female Afghan medical students to Scotland so that they can continue their studies.
The work to bring them here was initiated by Sir Alister Jack, and their safe arrival in the UK is a credit to our commitment to helping them.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont)  on his new position.
I am sure he will be diligent in holding me to account, and I hope that I was diligent in holding him to account.
I am sure the whole House will join me in congratulating Scotland’s Olympians and Paralympians, who have achieved so much sporting success this summer.
This Government will introduce a new industrial strategy to drive long-term, sustainable growth by securing investment in crucial sectors and industries in all parts of Scotland and the UK, which involves working in close partnership with the Scottish Government.
That will support our national mission to have the highest sustained growth in the G7.
An industrial strategy that embraces the jobs of the future must involve our higher education institutions, including the three world-class universities in Glasgow.
What are the Government doing to ensure that that is the case?