10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the taxation of digital assets.
SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Scott Mayer, of Pennsylvania, and James Murphy, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, and Rosario Palmieri, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary.
SD-430 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jennifer Lee Mascott, of Delaware, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Rebecca L. Taibleson, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, David A. Bragdon, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of North Carolina, Robert P. Chamberlin, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi, Lindsey Ann Freeman, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of North Carolina, Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Bill Lewis, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James D. Maxwell II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi, Harold D. Mooty III, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Matthew E. Orso, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Susan Courtwright Rodriguez, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Sara Bailey, of Texas, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, Braden Boucek, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee for the term of four years, David Courcelle, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of four years, Dominick Gerace II, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio for the term of four years, Jerome Francis Gorgon, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan for the term of four years, James Kruger, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years, Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four years, Bryan Stirling, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years, and Thomas Wheeler II, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana for the term of four years.
SD-106