Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to pay tribute to a courageous advocate, passionate man of faith and service, and devoted son, partner, and friend--Robert (Bobby) Edward Pietrangelo.
We honor Bobby following his passing on January 3. 2025.
Born on December 14, 2001, in Abington, Pennsylvania, Bobby entered the world showcasing true strength and resilience.
He spent the first five and a half weeks of his life in the neonatal unit, but he quickly grew to be the smart, funny, and compassionate person his family and friends cherished.
Bobby attended Upper Moreland schools and Pennridge High School, where he excelled in the honors and gifted programs, even taking college courses at Bucks County Community College while still in high school.
His talents also shone through his musical ability.
By playing the trombone and trumpet, competing in jazz competitions, and singing every song he knew.
Bobby expressed his passion and creativity with infectious enthusiasm.
Beyond the classroom and his love for music.
Bobby grew up serving his community.
After years of dedication with Boy Scout Troop 354.
he became an Eagle Scout--just one example of his passion for leadership and service.
He also volunteered as a firefighter for the Silverdale and Perseverance Fire Company in Souderton, Pennsylvania.
Bobby continued his devoted service into his young adulthood.
In April 2022, Bobby traveled to Ukraine to support humanitarian relief efforts.
On this noble mission, he initially assisted in rescuing and recovering the injured and deceased from bombed civilian areas, including a maternity ward.
Working with the Believe Family Foundation, he became a combat life-saver trainer to provide aid and deliver medical supplies to the front lines.
In June 2024, Bobby courageously enlisted in the Ukrainian military-- standing shoulder to shoulder with brave Ukrainian men and women to defend Ukraine.
He was deployed to the front multiple times, even surviving a drone attack in October 2024, which left him with a severe concussion and brain injury.
Despite this, Bobby returned to the fight as soon as he was medically able--once again showcasing his true determination and spirit.
In an effort to defend Pokrovsk from Russian invasion, Bobby gave his life to protecting the people.
A true hero, he was a man who transformed his values into action--exhibiting resilience and valor in every chapter of his journey.
It is with profound respect that I honor Bobby's memory.
I send my heartfelt condolences to all who had the privilege of knowing him.