He is an excellent team player and

works very well with diverse populations of families, participants,

employees, and co-workers who visit his facility daily.
He is a capable

and independent leader who takes pride in being an active member of the

Kissimmee community.
On February 22, 2024, Yokeenba Jenkins was honored as a distinguished

leader in Central Florida for Black History Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALEXA BARTELL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of 20-

year-old Alexa Bartell from Arvada, Colorado.
Alexa's friends and family knew her as an outgoing, compassionate,

and energetic young woman, saying she could light up the room with her

infectious personality.
She loved basketball, music, and connecting

with others.
Tragically, Alexa's life was cut short in April of 2023 by

an act of reckless endangerment when she was driving near her hometown.
Everyone who was fortunate to meet Alexa could see how intelligent,

funny, and kind she was, and this tragedy took away her bright future.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

we honor the life of Alexa Bartell and continue to send support and

love to her family and friends.
In remembering Alexa, we not only mourn

her passing, but also celebrate the joy and warmth she brought into the

lives of those around her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING RARE DISEASE DAY

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Rare Disease

Day on February 29, 2024.
According to the Federal Drug Administration,

over 7,000 rare diseases affect more than 30 million people in the

United States.
That's nearly one in every ten Americans.
The National Institutes of Health recognizes more than 7,000 rare

diseases.
Of those 7,000 plus diseases approximately 95 percent have no

treatment.
Instead, many patients receive treatments that are not

approved by the FDA for their specific conditions.
This treatment

process can lead to patients experiencing difficulty with insurance

reimbursements.
All Americans deserve quality access to affordable

health care, and we must do more to assist our fellow Americans with

rare diseases in reaching these standards.
Rare diseases not only have a debilitating impact on the individuals

affected but also the families and loved ones who support them.
On

average, individuals with rare diseases do not receive an accurate

diagnosis for more than four and a half years, in addition to

difficulty in finding medical experts and treatments for their

conditions.
This leaves patients, families, and caregivers waiting

indefinitely for diagnoses, treatments, and additional support for

indefinite periods of time.
Rare Disease Day is a significant step in increasing public awareness

and encouraging funding for research into these conditions.
It is

critical that Congress continue to partner with patients, advocates,

scientists, and health care employees to seek solutions that will

prioritize public funding for the health, wellness, and treatment for

all those impacted by rare medical conditions.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to commemorate this important day and remind my fellow

Americans to recognize those impacted by rare diseases, in addition to

the medical professionals committed to finding treatments for them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO CADEN LEONARD

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, Caden Leonard.
As a sophomore at Southlake Carroll High

School, Caden has made waves in the cross-country world.
After winning

the Class 6A individual state title and leading the Dragons to the 6A

team championship, he went on to lift his team to a bronze medal at the

Nike Cross Nationals (NXN) final.
In qualifying for the NXN, he clocked

a personal best, walking away with bronze and First Team All-Region

recognition at Nike Cross Regionals South.