In the 1960s, Atlantic Records, often in partnerships with local labels

like Stax Records in Memphis, helped to develop the growth of soul

music, with artists such as Ben E. King, Solomon Burke, Otis Redding,

Sam and Dave, Percy Sledge, Aretha Franklin, and Wilson Pickett.
The Turkish Embassy's commitment to hosting these jam sessions

exemplifies the importance of cultural diplomacy and the unifying power

of music.
Through these events, artists of diverse backgrounds,

including African American musicians, have had the opportunity to

showcase their talents, bridging cultural gaps and promoting

understanding.
As we commemorate Black History Month, let us go beyond celebrating

the achievements of the past but also recognize the importance of

continued collaboration and dialogue to build a more harmonious future.
The blending of Black history and jazz, coupled with the dedicated

endeavors of entities such as the Turkish Embassy and the Ertegun

brothers, stands as a powerful tribute to the transformative potential

of cultural interchange and the unifying power of music.
I encourage my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the

significance of Black History Month, celebrating the contributions of

African Americans to the arts and culture, and recognizing the positive

impact of initiatives like the Turkish Embassy-hosted jam sessions in

fostering unity and understanding.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONDEMNING RAPE AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE COMMITTED BY HAMAS IN ITS WAR

AGAINST ISRAEL

speech of

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, on February 14, during Roll Call No.
44, I

recorded my vote as Present.
The reason for my vote is as follows:

All acts of sexual violence are horrific.
We should all be fighting

to end it here at home and all over the world.
So, while this resolution rightly denounces any sexual committed by

Hamas, I am disturbed that it completely ignores and erases any sexual

abuse and violence committed by Israeli forces against Palestinians,

especially children.
War crimes cannot justify more war crimes.
We must stand up for

everyone's safety and human rights, no matter their faith or ethnicity.
There are numerous, well-documented reports of sexual violence,

including rape, committed by Israeli forces against Palestinians in

their custody.
Children detained and stripped to their underwear in

public, for the world to see.
The UN and human rights groups have raised alarms for years--but

Congress has never cared.
We all have a responsibility to denounce sexual violence in all

forms, regardless of who is responsible.
This resolution falls well

short of that responsibility.
Mr. Speaker, outreach was made to the sponsor of H. Res.
966 on

several occasions to support the inclusion of Palestinians who had been

victims of sexual violence into the Resolution.
However, the sponsor

denied adding in any language that supports the well-documented fact

that Palestinians have faced many atrocities similar to those described

in the Resolution.
Sexual violence is abhorrent and must be fully

investigated and prosecuted.
The intentional omission of Palestinian

lived experiences in this resolution is dehumanizing and a disservice

to survivors everywhere.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ABIGAIL ELLIS AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

BLACK HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Abigail Ellis is currently a registered mental

health counselor intern, a devoted mental health advocate, a mentor,

and an educator.
She is steadfast in her commitment to effecting

positive change in her community.
Raised in Moore Haven, Florida, she developed a passion for community

service early on--learning from her grandmother, Ida M.

Ward, who was always giving back.
Abigail earned a bachelor's degree in

business and information management from Seminole State College,

complemented by certificates in project management and human resource

administration.
Her academic journey culminated in a master's degree in

clinical mental health counseling from Nova Southeastern University.
In 2001, Abigail made history as the first African-American Chalo

Nitka Pageant winner in her hometown, Moore Haven, Florida.