Robie's first book, a collaborative effort

with fellow author and friend, Elizabeth Levy was Before You Were

Three: How You Began to Walk, Talk, Explore, and Have Feelings, and her

first solo books included the picture books Don't Forget to Come Back

and I Hate Kisses.
Over the course of her writing career, Robie maintained her

commitment to writing nonfiction, age-appropriate books, writing more

than thirty titles that covered a multitude of topics including

engineering, architecture, nutrition, math, death, and genetics.
But it

was her groundbreaking work, It's Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies,

Growing Up, and Sexual Health, a guided preadolescent children on

puberty, their changing bodies, sexuality, and sexual health, that was

not only her most successful, but also drove Robie's fierce advocacy

for free speech.
While praised by medical professionals, child

development specialists, and educators for its accuracy, reliability

and for offering children clear guidance on the topic, as well as

having been translated into 27 languages and sold one million copies,

and having been updated numerous times, including a 25th anniversary

edition; this title has ranked among the most frequently challenged and

banned books in the country according to the American Library

Association.
Robie was an active member of PEN America, an organization that works

to protect free expression in the United States and worldwide and

champion the freedom to write because they understand the

transformational power of words.
Robie was a founding member of PEN

America's Children's and Young Adults Books Committee and she was known

for her calm, tactful, yet staunch and unwavering advocacy for the

freedom of expression.
In an essay for PEN, Robie once wrote, ``I write

books for children because in some small way I hope that they will find

the words I write useful, reassuring, interesting, and at times

humorous and also in some small way help them to stay emotionally and/

or physically healthy by giving honest, accurate, up-to-date, and age-

appropriate information.''
Robie was fearless in her defense of her

work and that of other writers.
She once said in an interview, ``This

to me is the bottom line on freedom of expression.
As a reader, you

have the right to speak out for or against whatever you read.
As a

writer, I have the right to write whatever I want to write--and I am

just not going to stop.''
Robie's passion for working with children, particularly in early

childhood development, was a shared mission.
Her husband, Bill Harris,

is the founder of KidsPac, a group that helped to focus legislators at

every level of government on the importance of early childhood

education.
For more than two decades KidsPac was a leader and respected

voice in the advocacy for policies concerning childcare, prenatal

health, and early education.
Robie and Bill's activism was integrated

into every facet of their lives, so it is no surprise that both of

their sons, David and Ben, both followed in their footsteps.
David,

taking a page from his father's work, has focused his professional life

on research and advocacy for policies that address child poverty.
Ben,

whose interests more mirrored Robie's, is now Clinical Professor at the

Psychological Center at The City College of New York (CCNY), which

provides low-to-moderate-cost services to the CCNY and West Harlem

communities.
In this role, and throughout his career, he has worked

with a socioeconomically and culturally diverse range of children and

adolescents as well as adults.
I found a kindred spirit in Robie.
She never stopped, and she never

took no for an answer.
I will forever be grateful for the friendship,

humor, and generosity she bestowed on me over the years.
Illustrator

and dear friend, Michael Emberly probably described her best when he

said of Robie, ``She was smart and sensitive, kind, and generous beyond

reckoning.
She was a complicated human being in the best sense, and she

had one of the best attributes you can say about a human being--she was

memorable.''