I will forever be grateful for the friendship,

humor, and generosity she bestowed on me over the years.
Illustrator

and dear friend, Michael Emberly probably described her best when he

said of Robie, ``She was smart and sensitive, kind, and generous beyond

reckoning.
She was a complicated human being in the best sense, and she

had one of the best attributes you can say about a human being--she was

memorable.''
I extend my heartfelt condolences to her husband, Bill,

and her sons, David and Ben.
Though we all feel that she was taken from

us too soon, Robie Harris touched countless lives and she will be

deeply missed by all those who knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF TONY VIGNAROLI

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the tremendous

life of Gunner Anthony Vignaroli who passed away on February 6, 2024.
Tony made service to his country and the state of Iowa his life's

calling.
Following his graduation from Saydel High School, Tony embarked on a

life of dedicated service.
He served our country valiantly in the

Vietnam War and then worked at Valley View Village as a Maintenance

Supervisor.
Many knew him for his work as a volunteer for the Department of

Public Safety at the Iowa State Fair, where he helped with security

efforts.
I was honored to work directly with Tony to enhance Iowa State

Fair safety for more than a million visitors by acquiring a security

tower for the midway.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Tony

Vignaroli and the terrific impact he had on his community.
I join his

family and those closest to him in mourning his loss.
May his memory

never be forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING YOKEENBA JENKINS AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR BLACK HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Yokeenba Jenkins was born and raised in

Osceola County, where he attended elementary, middle, and high school,

graduating from Osceola High School.
He spent his college years at Bethune Cookman University.
Following

his college years, Yokeenba found his passion for music, becoming one

of the biggest DJs in the urban industry.
When he was not on tour, he would spend his time coaching youth

football at the age of 18 and volunteering his time at Chambers Park,

where he is now a recreation supervisor.
Yokeenba is a child of God, husband, father, mentor, community

spokesperson, and leader.
Yokeenba is a person with a passion for

shaping the youth in his community.
He is hard working, dependable, has

great energy, and has a drive to see his programs succeed.
He is always

willing to help out wherever needed and assist his fellow co-workers,

family, and community in any way possible.
He is a dedicated individual who displays an enormous sense of pride

in his daily work.
Since taking on his role at the Chambers Park

Community Center, he has been instrumental in creating some well

attended recreation programs while maintaining a successful summer camp

program where a large portion of the community benefits from.
In

addition, he has organized essential events that promote fellowship

within the community, such as Breakfast with Santa, Daddy and Daughter

Dance, and Back to School Jam, among others.
He has done an excellent job of stepping right into the role and

ensuring its continued success.
He is an excellent team player and

works very well with diverse populations of families, participants,

employees, and co-workers who visit his facility daily.
He is a capable

and independent leader who takes pride in being an active member of the

Kissimmee community.
On February 22, 2024, Yokeenba Jenkins was honored as a distinguished

leader in Central Florida for Black History Month.