During this time,

Frank enjoyed boxing, playing center and linebacker for the Seventh

Army Special Troops Ramblers football team, and being a member of the

97th Signal Satans basketball team.
Today, we all remember him for his

brave service, and love for sports with his fellow soldiers.
After the Army, Frank opened his own mechanical engineering firm,

Hummel Engineering Corporation, which served New Jersey, Pennsylvania,

New York, and Delaware.
Frank also served as the Executive Vice

President and then President of the Mechanical Contractors Association

of Eastern Pennsylvania, and was the Secretary of the National

Certified Pipe Welding Bureau of Philadelphia.
Beyond that he was a

member of the Christian Business Men's Association, where he helped

mentor young men to succeed in their faith, business, and life's

endeavors.
Frank also taught project management at the Pennsylvania

State University, Media campus.
A man of faith, Frank was an active member of his congregations and

served on many church boards throughout the years.
Formerly a member of

Cherry Hill Baptist Church, he most recently was a member of Grace

Baptist Church in Mount Laurel.
Frank was active in supporting

Christian mission work around the world and was an author in the Wiley

Mission Community Newspaper.
Frank was not only a veteran, entrepreneur, and man of faith, he was

a family man who loved spending time with his large family.
He was

known to spend his time visiting historical societies, libraries, and

cemeteries across the United States and Europe where he listened to and

learned about histories from ancestors and distant family members.
He

enjoyed recording family genealogy by hand, writing stories about his

life experiences, and photography.
Frank married Lorraine Miller in 1951 and in their over 70 years of

marriage, they had three children, eleven grandchildren, and nine

great-grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Frank and his positive

impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor his tenure as a

veteran of the United States Army, and husband, father, grandfather,

and great-grandfather.
We are lucky to have his inspiration in our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NEALYA IRIS BRUNSON AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL

FLORIDA FOR BLACK HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Nealya Iris Brunson is the dance director

for the Osceola County School for the Arts, where she has dedicated 20

years to educating students in dance and the arts.
Some of her

contributions to student success include attending the National High

School Dance Festivals in Miami and Philadelphia, as well as the

Regional High School Dance Festivals in Norfolk, Virginia, where

students received college acceptances and scholarships.
Additional

contributions include attending the Florida Dance Education

Organization and Florida Dance Performance Assessment, where students

in middle and high school received superior and excellent ratings in

the areas of dance, technique, and performance.
Over the years, Ms.

Brunson has taught many students who have demonstrated outstanding

achievements and have become professional dancers, artists, teachers,

and choreographers nationally and internationally.
Ms. Brunson has served as a dance program coordinator, choreographed

dances for many dance and theater programs, and served as a dance

adjudicator in several public schools, universities, and performing

arts centers, primarily in the state of Florida.
Ms. Brunson's training in dance began at B.J.'s School of Dance in

St. Petersburg, Florida, under the direction of Barbara Hodges.
She

continued to study dance at the Pinellas County School for the Arts at

Gibbs High School and at St. Petersburg College, CoMotion Dance

Theater.
Ms. Brunson received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Dance from the

University of Florida, New World School of the Arts in Miami, Florida,

under the direction of Daniel Lewis.
She also received a Master of Arts

in Dance from the American University in Washington, D.C., under the

direction of Dr. Niama Prevots.
Ms. Brunson enjoys teaching the elements of dance, which is a major

component of her dance classes.