Ms. Brunson received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Dance from the

University of Florida, New World School of the Arts in Miami, Florida,

under the direction of Daniel Lewis.
She also received a Master of Arts

in Dance from the American University in Washington, D.C., under the

direction of Dr. Niama Prevots.
Ms. Brunson enjoys teaching the elements of dance, which is a major

component of her dance classes.
She will be releasing her first book

titled, ``Goals of Dance Technique: A Dancers Workbook,'' later this

year.
On February 22, 2024, Nealya Iris Brunson was honored as a

distinguished leader in Central Florida for Black History Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ROBIE HARRIS

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with the fondest of memories and the

heaviest of hearts that I rise today to remember author, educator, and

my dear friend, Robie Harris, who we lost earlier this year.
Robie was

an extraordinary woman--a fierce defender of free speech, a dedicated

teacher, an inspiring author, as well as a loyal friend and devoted

wife and mother.
Hers is a remarkable legacy as an advocate for

children that will continue to inspire many.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Robie discovered her love for the written

word very early in life.
As she told it, at just six years old she

``published'' her first work, Robie's Stories, an assignment from her

kindergarten teacher.
It was comprised of pictures and journal memories

that each child produced every day that were then compiled into a book

at the end of the year.
As Robie grew up, so did her love of reading,

writing, and learning--so much so that she would go on to dedicate her

professional life to them.
Robie went on to become the editor of both her high school newspaper

as well as her college yearbook.
Alter earning her undergraduate degree

at Wheaton College, Robie moved to New York City where she initially

found work at the United Nations.
However, she knew that this was not

her passion, so she pursued a teaching degree at Bank Street College of

Education.
Following the completion of her degree from Bank Street, she

became an elementary school teacher at the Bank Street School for

Children, where she taught writing and later directed after-school

programs in the school's new Head Start program.
It was through her work with children, as well as the experience of

watching her own children and nieces and nephews grow up, that Robie

found a voice as a children's book author.
She was inspired by the many

questions and curiosities she heard from them and made it her mission

to write and produce books that would help them navigate the many

changes they would experience as they moved from one stage of

development to the next.
Robie's first book, a collaborative effort

with fellow author and friend, Elizabeth Levy was Before You Were

Three: How You Began to Walk, Talk, Explore, and Have Feelings, and her

first solo books included the picture books Don't Forget to Come Back

and I Hate Kisses.
Over the course of her writing career, Robie maintained her

commitment to writing nonfiction, age-appropriate books, writing more

than thirty titles that covered a multitude of topics including

engineering, architecture, nutrition, math, death, and genetics.
But it

was her groundbreaking work, It's Perfectly Normal: Changing Bodies,

Growing Up, and Sexual Health, a guided preadolescent children on

puberty, their changing bodies, sexuality, and sexual health, that was

not only her most successful, but also drove Robie's fierce advocacy

for free speech.