Title: CELEBRATING THE 16TH ANNIVERSARY OF KOSOVO'S INDEPENDENCE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
33

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 16TH ANNIVERSARY OF KOSOVO'S INDEPENDENCE

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Kosovo's

Independence Day on February 17th.
This date marks 16 years since

Kosovo declared independence in 2008 after enduring years of conflict.
Kosovo has since emerged as an independent democratic nation and today

is one of the most valuable allies of the American people.
In celebrating this occasion, I also celebrate the many Albanian-

Americans who have made Michigan their home.
Our community continues to

grow and foster immense cultural, economic, and creative growth

throughout the State of Michigan.
These families embody the values of

freedom and democracy that represent the American Dream.
Historically, Michigan itself has played a substantial--and proud--

role in Kosovo's road to stability and democracy through the deployment

of Michigan National Guard units to the region as peacekeeping forces.
I am delighted to honor the independence of Kosovo alongside the

vibrant and ever-growing Albanian-American community that calls

Michigan its home.
Kosovo's remarkable transition into sovereignty,

alongside our state's everlasting bonds with the Albanian-American

people, represents the power of democracy both at home and abroad.
The

shared principles between our two nations truly represent the ideals

that have turned our connection into economic prowess, shared defense,

and international cooperation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in commemorating this

wonderful occasion.
Kosovo's Independence Day allows us to reflect not

only on the meaning of freedom, but also the Albanian-American

contributions throughout Michigan's Ninth District and the entire

state.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH AND THE ERTEGUN BROTHERS

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Black

History Month, a time dedicated to recognizing the contributions of

African Americans to the rich tapestry of American history.
This month

serves as an opportunity to reflect on the achievements, struggles, and

enduring resilience of the Black community.
One noteworthy aspect of Black history that deserves recognition is

the profound impact of African Americans on the world of music,

particularly in the realm of jazz.
Jazz, born from the African American

experience, has become a universal language, transcending borders and

connecting people from diverse backgrounds.
It is a powerful expression

of creativity, resilience, and cultural richness.
In this context, I'd like to emphasize the significant partnership of

the Turkish Embassy and the Ertegun brothers.
Sons of Turkey's first

ambassador to the United States, Ahmet and Nesuhi believed in the power

of music to bring people together.
Beginning in 1940, musicians such as

Duke Ellington, Johnny Hodges, ``Lead Belly,'' Teddy Wilson, Lester

Young, and members of the Benny Goodman, Ellington and Count Basie

orchestras performed at the Turkish Embassy.
Their father insisted that

in the embassy, all, regardless of color, be treated with dignity and

respect.
As co-founders of Atlantic Records, the Ertegun brothers were

instrumental in bringing together artists from different backgrounds,

breaking down racial and cultural barriers in the world of music.
Ahmet

traveled to New Orleans and Harlem to sign the greatest black musicians

of the time, including Stick McGhee, The Harlemaires, and The Drifters.
In the 1960s, Atlantic Records, often in partnerships with local labels

like Stax Records in Memphis, helped to develop the growth of soul

music, with artists such as Ben E. King, Solomon Burke, Otis Redding,

Sam and Dave, Percy Sledge, Aretha Franklin, and Wilson Pickett.
The Turkish Embassy's commitment to hosting these jam sessions

exemplifies the importance of cultural diplomacy and the unifying power

of music.
Through these events, artists of diverse backgrounds,

including African American musicians, have had the opportunity to

showcase their talents, bridging cultural gaps and promoting

understanding.