In response, pro-democracy leaders chose to push for Ukraine's

Independence despite the risks--truly living up to their historic motto

``Come what may.''
Ukrainian Independence Day is celebrated with a national address and

flag-raising ceremony in Kyiv by the President of Ukraine, followed by

military parades, cultural performances, and patriotic songs.
The blue

and yellow Ukrainian flag is proudly displayed across the country and

in Ukrainian communities around the world.
It is a day of national

pride and reflection, where citizens honor the struggles of their

ancestors, celebrate their sovereignty, and express solidarity with

Ukrainians everywhere.
As we celebrate Ukrainian Independence Day, let us acknowledge and

celebrate the sacrifices made by the countless brave souls and citizens

who fought for a future of liberty and independence.
Let us also take

this moment to recognize the vibrant Ukrainian-American community

throughout our country.
Their cultural contributions enrich our nation,

and we are all the better for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DILIA CASTILLO AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Dilia Castillo was born in Manhattan, New

York, to parents from the Dominican Republic.
In 1989, she moved to

Florida, where she began her career as a freelance photographer,

focusing on community events, newspapers, and magazines.
Due

to her passionate dedication to community engagement, she is

affectionatly know as ``The People's Photographer,'' or ``La Fotografa

del Pueblo,'' in Central Florida.
Dilia's work and warm personality have earned her affection and

recognition within the Central Florida community.
Her creative approach

to photography has been acknowledged through several awards, including

the 2013 APEIH Certificate of Appreciation, 2015 Revista Mujer Award,

2016 Latina Role Models Certificate of Recognition, 2016 Kissimmee

Family Mission Inc. Certificate of Recognition, 2016 HAPBWA Award, 2018

Portada Latina Magazine Award, 2019 Premios Boriken Award--Excellence

in Artistic Creativity Award at the Puerto Rico Parade in Osceola, 2020

Access Community Center Recognition for Meals on Wheels, 2023

Leadership Awards at the Cuban Sandwich Festival, 2023 Premios Boriken

Event Recognition, and El Premio Coqui de Oro Event Recognition.
As a professional photographer, Dilia has contributed to numerous

publications, including Caribbean American Passport Magazine, Portada

Latina, Yes Business Magazine, the Osceola Star, El Nuevo Amanecer,

Enlace Magazine, Karas Magazine, Politica--Politico Magazine, Revista

Mujer, El Periodico El Sol de la Florida, and the HAPBWA Foundation.
Dilia Castillo's contributions and impact on her community continue

to be celebrated.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL DANIELLE CHRYSLER

HON.
MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant

Colonel Danielle Chrysler for her distinguished career of service to

the State of Indiana, our Nation, and the United States Army National

Guard.
Lieutenant Colonel Chrysler most recently served as the Army

Congressional Branch Chief at the National Guard Bureau, where she was

the principal Congressional Liaison for the Director of the Army

National Guard.
In this capacity, she brought to bear more than three

decades of experience in government affairs, defense policy, and cyber

policy.
Her military career spans 15 years in the Indiana Army National

Guard, including command of the 215th Area Support Medical

Company and a deployment with the 38th Infantry Division, where she

served as Executive Officer to the Commanding General.
Prior to her

most recent role, Lieutenant Colonel Chrysler served four years in

Joint and Army Congressional Affairs at the National Guard Bureau,

strengthening the relationship between Congress and our Citizen-

Soldiers.
In addition to her military service, Lieutenant Colonel Chrysler has

held a series of senior civilian leadership roles in Indiana.
She

served as Executive Director of the Indiana Office of Defense

Development, as Chief Operating Officer and President of the National

Center for Complex Operations, and earlier as Chief of Staff to

Lieutenant Governor Becky Skillman.