Her direct and empathetic

style, combined with a commitment to truth, led her to excel on

national television, covering topics of social, cultural, and political

significance, earning the respect of both the public and her

colleagues.
Motivated by the desire to broaden her horizons, she

immigrated to New York City, where she continued her rise in Hispanic

media as a reporter, host, and producer, achieving a genuine connection

with the Latino community.
In the United States, her voice became a bridge between immigrants

and opportunities, denouncing injustices, extolling achievements, and

promoting education and culture as tools for transformation.
Her

talent, charisma, and journalistic ethics have allowed her to excel on

networks and programs with high audiences, such as Telemundo, Telemicro

Internacional, Supercanal Caribe, and Channel 35 in New York,

establishing herself as an opinion leader committed to the progress of

her people.
She is included among the 100 most influential Dominicans

abroad.
For her successful journalistic work, she has been recognized by

government agencies in her country, New York, Puerto Rico, and now in

Florida, as well as by private institutions.
She holds a master's

degree in corporate communication from the Isabella II University in

Barcelona, a bachelor's degree in communication sciences, studies in

community management in social media, and coaching studies from the

John Maxuel School, among other courses related to effective

communication.
She is the eldest of seven siblings and has created a

stable family with engineer Juan Carlos Rosario, with whom she has four

children: Carlos, Joel, Junior, and Karla, as well as a granddaughter:

Aria Rose.
Today, based in Central Florida, Mayra La Paz continues her

legacy as the founder and director of Portada Latina magazine, a media

outlet that showcases and celebrates the talent, entrepreneurship, and

economic contributions of Hispanics in the United States.
Her magazine celebrates its 10th year of consistent reporting in the

Hispanic market in 2025.
In addition to her work as a communicator, she

mentors women in professional reinvention, creates the effective

communication method ``Que Comunicas?'' (
What Do You Communicate?),
and

promotes empowerment,

networking, and digital education events.
With more than three decades

dedicated to journalism, Mayra is a symbol of resilience, excellence,

and love for her community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
DAVID CATTLER FOR OVER 30 YEARS OF FEDERAL SERVICE

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. David Cattler for

his extraordinary career and over 30 years of federal service to our

country.
Mr. Cattler is set to retire from the Defense

Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA) on September 30th.
Mr. Cattler began his journey at the U.S. Naval Academy, where he

earned a Bachelor of Science in Political Science and then going on to

earn a Master of Policy Management from Georgetown University.
He is

also a graduate of the National Intelligence University, the US Naval

War College, and was a Senior Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of

Technology's Seminar XXI: Foreign Politics, International Relations and

the National Interest.
His career in public service began as a naval surface warfare

officer, where he served aboard two Aegis cruisers, USS Antietam and

USS Chancellorsville, and ashore as a military and civilian officer

with the Office of Naval Intelligence.
Throughout the years, Mr. Cattler has held many prestigious

positions.
He served as the Assistant Secretary General for

Intelligence and Security at NATO, where he played a key role in

shaping and securing critical NATO decision-making.
He also served as

Deputy Assistant to the President for Regional Affairs within the

National Security Council, helping to coordinate national policy.
Additionally, he provided critical advising as a senior advisor to the

Director of National Intelligence in various roles, including Chairman

of the National Intelligence Management Council, National Intelligence

Manager for the Near East, and Principal Deputy National Intelligence

Officer for Military Issues.