He served as the Assistant Secretary General for

Intelligence and Security at NATO, where he played a key role in

shaping and securing critical NATO decision-making.
He also served as

Deputy Assistant to the President for Regional Affairs within the

National Security Council, helping to coordinate national policy.
Additionally, he provided critical advising as a senior advisor to the

Director of National Intelligence in various roles, including Chairman

of the National Intelligence Management Council, National Intelligence

Manager for the Near East, and Principal Deputy National Intelligence

Officer for Military Issues.
Throughout his career he has been recognized by numerous national and

international awards, including the Joint Distinguished Civilian

Service Award; the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana of Estonia

(Third Class); the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of Poland; the

Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise of Ukraine (Fifth Degree); the Order

of Merit of the Ministry of Defence of Estonia (Second Class); Medal of

Noble Partner of the Ministry of Defence of Georgia; Medal of Honorary

Recognition of the Ministry of Defence of Latvia; Medal of the Defense

Intelligence Service of Lithuania; Medal of Partnership of the Foreign

Intelligence Service of Ukraine; the DNI Distinguished Service Award;

the DIA Director's Award; 2020 Distinguished Alumni Award of the

Amphitheater School District (Tucson, Ariz.); Navy Commendation Medal

(with one gold star); Joint Service Achievement Medal; Navy Achievement

Medal (with one gold star); and the Coast Guard Achievement Medal.
I want to personally extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Cattler for

over 30 years of service to our country.
His unwavering commitment to

national security has shaped our entire nation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Mr.

Cattler's remarkable legacy and authentic leadership.
We are grateful

for his leadership, courage, and vision.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
DEANNA PONDER

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary

service and leadership of Madison County's Ms. Deanna Ponder in the

immediate aftermath of Hurricane Helene.
When Hurricane Helene devastated our communities, access to fuel was

critical to sustaining emergency operations.
Without hesitation, Ms.

Ponder stepped forward to operate the Madison County School Bus Garage

fueling station, ensuring that first responders could continue their

vital work.
For 17 days following the storm, Ms. Ponder personally managed the

fueling of essential vehicles and equipment including firetrucks,

ambulances, county maintenance vehicles, law enforcement fleets, and

mobile command centers.
She gave tireless effort to her community,

delivering more than 20,000 gallons of fuel to power generators

supporting light towers, shower camps established by Samaritan's Purse,

law enforcement operations, and other critical services.
Her dedication

kept recovery efforts moving day and night, under challenging

conditions, and provided a lifeline for the community when it was

needed most.
Ms. Ponder's contributions went far beyond logistics.
Her leadership,

calm presence, and unwavering commitment inspired those around her.
First responders and volunteers repeatedly praised her clarity,

efficiency, and selfless dedication.
Through her efforts, she helped

create an organized and reliable system that allowed others to focus on

saving lives, restore essential services, and begin the process of

rebuilding.
Her actions serve as a powerful reminder that leadership is not

always about holding a title, but it is about stepping forward,

recognizing a need, and acting with courage and compassion.
Madison

County, and all of Western North Carolina, are stronger today because

of her extraordinary efforts.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest

appreciation of Ms. Ponder's outstanding service and unwavering

dedication to her community.
Her service embodies the very best of

resiliency, selflessness.
and dedication in the face of disaster, and

she stands as an inspiring example for us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
HATTIE WHITE ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
NYDIA M. VELAZQUEZ

Ms. VELAZQUEZ.