Under their leadership, the firm has become one of

Central Florida's most respected criminal defense and immigration

practices, recognized for zealous advocacy, service to underserved

communities, and its particular commitment to assisting the Hispanic

community.
In addition, Mr. Arroyo is a frequent commentator in both national

and local media on issues of criminal justice, immigration, and civil

rights.
While many in the legal community have remained silent, he has

consistently spoken up in defense of our Constitution and immigrant

communities during these dark times.
His journey--from Puerto Rico to the United Nations, to the White

House, and now to the courtroom--stands as a testament to perseverance,

courage, and the enduring power of advocacy in the pursuit of justice

for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF MS.
JOSEFINA BAZAN

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Fina Bazan of

Rio Grande City, who, after 48 years of service at the local Dairy

Queen, has retired.
For nearly half a century, Fina has been a familiar and welcoming

face to countless families and neighbors.
Though she may not always recall every name, she has always

remembered the faces of those she served, treating each with warmth and

kindness.
Her dedication to her work and her community is an inspiration, and

her story is one I hold close.
My very first job as a young man was

also at a Dairy Queen.
I know firsthand the hard work and commitment it takes, and I deeply

admire Fina's devotion over these many decades.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Fina for her

service, congratulating her on her well-earned retirement, and wishing

her many years of health and happiness ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF OFFICER KARL HAUGEN

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of

Officer Karl Haugen, who passed away recently while off-duty.
As early as high school, Karl expressed an interest in becoming a

first responder.
After attending the Law Enforcement Program at

Alexandria Technical College and earning his Bachelor's Degree from

Mankato State University, he began his public service career, working

at the Minnesota Forensic Hospital in St. Peter.
He later worked at the

MN Correctional Facility--Faribault and served for two years as

Henderson Chief of Police.
In 2008, he became an officer with the Le Sueur Police Department.
Officer Haugen was well-known in the community for his humor,

generosity, and compassionate approach to law enforcement.
Despite the

challenges and sacrifices of rural policing, he remained dedicated to

public service and demonstrated a talent for seeing the good in people.
I offer my deepest condolences to Officer Haugen's family--his wife,

Morgan, and his young children, Griffin, Aurora, and Teddy, and I thank

him and the entire Le Sueur Police Department for their service to our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SEMICENTENNIAL OF THE WOOD COUNTY COMMITTEE ON AGING

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Semicentennial

of the Wood County Committee on Aging.
For five decades, the Committee

has been dedicated to service, community, and care for all seniors in

Wood County.
The hard work and spirit shown by staff at the Committee

have made it possible for countless older adults to remain independent

and improve their quality of life.
Founded in 1975, the Wood County Committee on Aging was established

to provide comprehensive services to the county's seniors.
These

services have grown over the decades to include programs for home-

delivered meals, medical transportation, health and wellness

initiatives, caregiver support, and much more.
With senior centers

across the county, the Committee has been able to help elderly adults

and their families navigate the challenges that can arise while aging.