Title: CELEBRATING THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF RECOVERY OPTIONS MADE EASY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
158

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF RECOVERY OPTIONS MADE EASY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 35th

Anniversary of Recovery Options Made Easy, a peer-run behavioral health

organization that serves ten counties across Western New York and the

Finger Lakes.
Recovery Options Made Easy is dedicated to helping

individuals build independence through healing and community

connection.
Recovery Options Made Easy is more than just a health organization,

it is a community-centered company that has remained committed to

serving regional clients for three and a half decades.
The organization

proudly supplies a wide array of services, including supportive

housing, recovery services, and community-based support that empower

individuals through lived experiences and guidance.
Mr. Speaker, what truly sets Recovery Options Made Easy apart is not

just its professional excellence, but its heart, a legacy now carried

into its 35th year.
As we celebrate 35 years, let us recognize its

success and contributions to Western New York.
Its work reminds us that

when we invest in people and support each other, we all benefit

together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF MRS.
LESSIE SYLVEEN POINDEXTER CROSBY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

90th birthday of Mrs. Lessie Sylveen Poindexter Crosby, a beacon of

light in the City of Buffalo.
Mrs. Poindexter Crosby's life story is a

beautiful tapestry woven with love and resilience.
Born September 7, 1935, in Buffalo, New York, to Issac Costello and

Fannie Sue Poindexter Johnson.
Mrs. Poindexter Crosby was raised to

inspire everyone she met with her selflessness and compassion.
Over the

years, she has witnessed many changes in her life and community, yet

her love for those around her has remained a constant source of

strength.
Mrs. Poindexter Crosby has consistently demonstrated

Christian principles as a community member and spiritual leader in the

Women's Ministry at First Shiloh Baptist Church.
Mrs. Poindexter Crosby's most rewarding roles have been those of a

dedicated wife, mother, and grandmother.
In 1953, Mrs. Poindexter

Crosby married the late Mr. Excel Crosby.
Their loving union blessed

them with four community-minded children--Julie, Gary, Bridgett, and

Lisa.
Together, they built a home filled with love, respect, and

responsibility.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mrs. Poindexter Crosby, a

woman of poise and resilience, whose influence extends beyond her

beloved family and community.
On this milestone birthday, we celebrate

her extraordinary life, her enduring legacy, and the profound impact

she has made on all who know her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING UKRAINIAN INDEPENDENCE DAY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the people of

Ukraine and Ukrainian communities around the world in celebrating

Ukrainian Independence Day, observed annually on August 24th.
It

acknowledges a day of triumph and persistence through the courage and

unity of the Ukrainian people.
On August 24, 1991, members of the Ukrainian Parliament replaced the

red and blue flag of the Ukrainian Soviet Republic with the current

blue and yellow Ukrainian flag following a failed coup in the Soviet

Union.
In response, pro-democracy leaders chose to push for Ukraine's

Independence despite the risks--truly living up to their historic motto

``Come what may.''
Ukrainian Independence Day is celebrated with a national address and

flag-raising ceremony in Kyiv by the President of Ukraine, followed by

military parades, cultural performances, and patriotic songs.
The blue

and yellow Ukrainian flag is proudly displayed across the country and

in Ukrainian communities around the world.