First, may I say on behalf of my party and in the spirit of congenial politics, led by our new First Minister and  all our independence-minded Ministers, how delighted I am to see the Leader of the House still in her place after her party’s catastrophic results in England?
They were not catastrophic enough to mobilise her PM for PM rebels, apparently.
With her weekly ill-informed comments about Scotland, she is an extraordinary recruiting sergeant for independence and I am sure she will not disappoint today.
May I warmly welcome the launch by the Leader of the House this week of the guide to recognising conspiracy theories, such as those around 5G masts and 15-minute cities?
It will be useful reading for some of the Members on her own Benches, and perhaps those on Labour’s increasingly busy right wing.
Given the Leader of the House’s personal interest, and what is supposed to be a central role of this House in protecting democracy and protecting us, will she be pressing for a wider debate on disinformation and the malign influence of secretive social media groups that perpetuate these damaging myths?
I am thinking, for example, of the 36 so-called grassroots Facebook groups that I raised with the Prime Minister last week.
They are forums full of vile racism, conspiracy theories and Islamophobic abuse of Sadiq Khan, all with links to Conservative party HQ staff, activists and even politicians.
There is reason to suspect similar groups are quietly spreading their poison across the UK, including in Scotland.
Does the Leader of the House agree that this needs to be investigated and brought to light, not laughed off as the Prime Minister did?
Last week, I asked the Leader of the House about the chaos of the Tory trade tax—the border checks that Brexit now requires—or, as former Tory Ministers have called it, “that act of self-harm on the UK”.
She swerved that with a boast about Brexit boosting UK financial services.
Brexit is doing its damage to Edinburgh’s trade and talent in that sector, too, but services is a sector not affected by the serious issues that I raised of rotting food, crippling import charges, biosecurity risks, and delays and chaos at the ports.
The Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House might be content to ignore the exporters and importers, the farmers and the fishers, whose businesses have suffered while she pretends that all is well on the Brexit front, but my party and I are not.
So I ask again: when can we put the record straight—after last week’s twaddle—and have a debate in Government time on the ruinous impact of Brexit all across the economy?
First, may I rejoice at the news that the Scottish Government no longer have a Minister for Independence?
I was waiting this morning, Mr Speaker, to discover why that would be my fault, but the hon.
Lady did not raise it.
I wish to place on record my thanks to the former First Minister for his service.
I know that there are many who would kick a man when he is down, but I am not one of them; he has done his best.
Some say that he has been the worst SNP leader of all time.
I say, no.
Not only has he managed not to be arrested, but other SNP leaders make his record look pretty stellar —the new First Minister, for example.
I also welcome him to his post.
In all seriousness, I welcome the hon.
Lady’s support for the education pamphlet on conspiracy theories.
That is very important, as such theories are a real threat  not just to democracy, but to the wellbeing of our constituents.
They are a form of radicalisation, they are spreading and we must do everything we can to combat them.
The hon.
Lady returns to the issue of the border operating model.
As she would expect, I have paid great attention to what is actually going on.
There remains little sign of disruption to border flows as a result of the changes, and volumes of trade appear to be at the levels expected.
The IT systems are working as they should, and although, as I said last week, there have been some minor issues to resolve, there is nothing fundamental.
I would be very happy to facilitate a deeper briefing for her or any of her colleagues on that matter if it would be of interest.
Our exports are now at record levels.
We have become, as I have said, the fourth largest exporter overall, and we are the largest net exporter of financial and insurance services in the world.
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady still does not seem to recognise the importance of that to her own constituency.
I think that is something to celebrate, so I ask her to focus on the realities of what is going on and the opportunities that sit there for her constituents.
Today, we have had the excellent news that Harrow has been allocated Government funding for a new special educational needs school—something that has been campaigned for by the Conservative-run council, the officials and the teachers and parents of Harrow for a considerable length of time.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend will join me in congratulating all those responsible on obtaining this.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the brilliant work that our teachers and support staff do in special educational needs environments, in very challenging circumstances, with a lot of very challenging children?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the work that he is doing to ensure that his constituents have the provision that they need.
We have had a huge uplift in the general teaching staff; there are now 30,000 more teachers than when we came to office.
Obviously, we have also been expanding special educational needs provision, but the need is growing and we are determined to keep pace with that.
I think that a debate on the subject would be welcomed by many in the House, and I encourage him to apply for it in the usual way.