The United Kingdom Government are going above and beyond to ensure that British arms are readily available in Israel’s arsenal to bomb Gaza.
The Attorney General is refusing to give out the legal advice, based on the long- standing Law Officers’ convention, yet the circumstances for up to 1.6 million people are now between life and death.
What steps is she taking to ensure that Britain  is not complicit in the destruction of a nation and  its people?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the Attorney General keeps all these matters under close review, and will ensure that any legal advice is properly obtained and acted upon.
If she will refer the governance of the Royal Albert Hall to the first-tier tribunal (charity).
The Royal Albert Hall is one of our most important cultural institutions.
There are long-standing differences between the trustees of the Hall and the charity commissioners over governance matters.
I really hope that the parties will work together to resolve their differences without expensive litigation and I stand absolutely ready to facilitate those discussions.
The Attorney General, in her—I must say excellent—recent letter on the matter, expressed her “disappointment” that the Royal Albert Hall Bill “is not more ambitious” and “that the constitution of the Corporation of the Hall of Arts and Sciences gives rise to a potential conflict between the private interests of seat-holding trustees and the Corporation’s charitable objects.”
I totally agree.
She has said that she will look at this issue but, unlike her predecessors, will she please also consider, if she needs to, referring the matter to the charity tribunal, so it can be settled once and for all?
Tickets to attend one of our country’s most famous and treasured venues should not be turning up on notorious ticketing websites like Viagogo, and those who are receiving ill-gotten gains should not be running the charity.
The hon.
Lady takes a very close interest in these matters and is, I believe, the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on ticket abuse.
I really commend her for her work in this important area.
Many of us who are great supporters of the Albert Hall are concerned by ticket costs.
I am hopeful, as I said, that the two parties can continue to work together.
I want to avoid expensive litigation if that can be done.
A previous Attorney General was asked permission to refer the matter to the first-tier tribunal.
I have not been asked by the Charity Commission to do so.
I am very hopeful that this matter can be resolved amicably and I am very happy to remain involved if that is helpful.
What recent steps the Crown Prosecution Service has taken to help keep women and children safe online.
The CPS takes the issue of keeping women and children safe online extremely seriously.
I am pleased to report that the CPS has delivered the first conviction for cyber-flashing within weeks of the new offence becoming law.
This is an important milestone for protecting women and girls online, and demonstrates how the Government have worked to put perpetrators behind bars.