I could not agree more; promoting the convictions absolutely reassures victims that the Government and local authorities are taking tough action.
I know that my hon.
Friend has particular concerns about what is happening across the countryside, and DEFRA is funding the national rural crime unit to explore the police’s role in tackling fly-tipping and how that can be optimised, working with local authorities to deal with this crime.
Fly-tipping is a concern for many local residents across Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
I would like to pay tribute to Mary in Yiewsley, Bernie in South Ruislip, Wendy in Cowley and Donna from Ruislip Gardens, who all act as community champions in reporting regular fly-tipping.
I also need to mention the waste service team at Hillingdon Council, who work tirelessly in responding to regular cases of fly-tipping.
However, all of this great work from residents and the council can only go so far, so what further funding and support is available specifically to target fly-tipping hotspots?
We have provided nearly £1.2 million to help local authorities combat fly-tipping, and our grants are focused on hotspots where they have funded around 200 CCTV cameras, plus other infrastructure including fencing, signage and mobile tips.
A further £1 million is due to be released shortly, which will help further tackle these hotspots.
I pay tribute to Mary, Wendy and all my hon.
Friend’s constituents who are getting involved in helping him.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since last updating the House, we have remained focused on delivering our plan to improve food security, on improving our water quality, and on leading the way, both at home and abroad, in protecting the environment.
That is why we are introducing legislation to ban the supply and sale of wet wipes containing plastic.
It is why we have launched, as part of our catchment plan, the £35 million scheme on the River Wye, further to our announcement yesterday of £11.5 million in water company fines and penalties to be reinvested in water restoration schemes.
We are working on Dartmoor to implement the very good recommendations set out in David Fursdon’s report, and we have seen over 20,000 farmers now sign up to the sustainable farming incentive, making it the most popular scheme ever.
Alongside that, we are working at the G7, on bluetongue virus and in many other respects, but I can see, Mr Speaker, that you want me to speed up my reply.
I want to get your colleagues in.
I call Thérèse Coffey.
The Environment Act 2021 was landmark legislation, and we of course need to think not only locally but globally.
One element of that legislation was the introduction of forest risk commodity regulations.
I would be grateful if my right hon.
Friend said what more we can do through our global supply chain measures.
My right hon.
Friend is right to focus on forest risk commodities: our flagship announcement at COP28 was that we were taking leading action on that.
Many who have watched nature documentaries, for example on the orangutans, can see how important that is to particular species.
I hope to table legislation on that later this month, but my right hon.
Friend is right to focus on its importance.