I very much agree with my right hon.
Friend.
What we are doing is twofold.
First, we are increasing funding: she will have seen that, yesterday, we announced an uplift of £11.5 million for local  community-led projects to improve river catchments.
Alongside that, we are looking at some major interventions in catchments, such as on the River Wye, where we allocated £35 million.
We are taking a targeted approach to catchment-specific issues; in that catchment, the issue was chicken litter.
The phosphate was going into the River Wye, so we are funding anaerobic digesters as a targeted way of taking a catchment approach.
Sewage has been discharged into our rivers for 3.6 million hours, including the River Thames in my constituency.
Funding is only part of cleaning up this mess: the whole water sector is broken and needs to be put into special measures, so what is the Secretary of State’s long-term plan for tackling these issues, or is he content to keep following Labour’s lead and to take up our policies?
The first thing I would mention is the £4.5 billion of investment in the Thames tideway tunnel over the past eight years, which is going to significantly improve the water quality of the River Thames.
Alongside that, we are stepping up inspections, with a fourfold increase in inspections; we are tackling bonuses in companies that are guilty of pollution; and we are taking much tougher enforcement action, with the biggest ever prosecution of water firms by the Environment Agency.
A whole range of actions, coupled with the plan for water, is bringing additional investment into the sector and taking a catchment by catchment approach.
What recent progress his Department has made on improving air quality.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce air pollution.
We are driving down emissions and concentrations of the most harmful air pollutants, reducing their impact on public health and the environment.
Through the Environment Act 2021, we introduced further legal targets for fine particulate matter.
We have allocated £883 million to support local authorities, and air pollution has fallen significantly since 2010, with emissions of nitrogen oxide down by 48%, PM2.5 down by 24%, and sulphur dioxide down by 74%.
Given that incinerator capacity far outweighs waste, I welcome the Government’s decision to introduce a short-term pause in the determination of applications for environmental permits for certain types of waste incineration facilities.
Will the Minister please now extend that pause beyond its current official end date of  24 May  and include existing incinerators that have applied to increase their capacity?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question.
Our assessment of incineration capacity and needs is ongoing—I do not want to prejudge the outcome of that work or any of the next steps—but the Government are clear that proposed waste incineration facilities must not result in overcapacity or compromise our ambitions to minimise waste and improve recycling.
Last month, my local authority of Richmond upon Thames, along with other councils, was informed by DEFRA that its local air quality grant of £1 million—which had been awarded just two months earlier—was being rescinded.
Given the number of areas in Twickenham breaching air quality standards, including areas close to schools, and with World Health Organisation targets becoming ever more stringent, how does the Minister think he is meeting his commitment to “expand the resources available to councils to improve air quality”?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, which gives us the opportunity to highlight the great progress we are making in this area.
We want to continue to make progress and support local authorities, but we did have concerns that the local air quality scheme was not delivering the most positive outcomes, and some of the bids that were coming forward were not aimed at improving air quality: we had bids for a robotic chatbot and for a kinetic art project.
We want to focus on improving air quality and make sure we are funding local authorities to do just that.
If he will take steps to implement a dog groomers charter mark that includes a register of serious injuries for dogs.
Under the Animal Welfare Act 2006, groomers must protect dogs under their control from harm and provide for their welfare needs.
Where that Act is breached, offenders face imprisonment or an unlimited fine.
As the legislation is already clear, we do not have any plans at the moment to implement a charter.
A constituent recently brought quite a distressing case to my office.
A routine trip to the dog groomer’s turned into a disaster for her beloved pet.
The dog was seriously injured due to the groomer using incorrect equipment, resulting in painful lacerations, multiple veterinary visits and permanent scarring.
Unfortunately, that is not an isolated case.
I am aware that, as the Minister says, the Animal Welfare Act provides some framework in relation to intentional harm, but I am amazed at the lack of regulation in the industry.
Will the Minister make an assessment of what further legislative steps can be taken to regulate the dog grooming industry and ensure the safety of all dogs?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this case, and obviously I sympathise with his constituent whose pet suffered that poor practice.
The Government’s belief in the importance of animal welfare underpins the strong protections included in the Animal Welfare Act, and we will take steps to address widespread welfare issues where they arise.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of (a) operational and (b) consented waste incineration plant capacity.
Officials are currently assessing planned residual waste treatment capacity, including incineration, against expected future residual waste arising in England, so that we can understand our future capacity needs following the implementation of key commitments in the resources and waste strategy.
This capacity assessment will be published in due course.
My North West Norfolk constituents welcome the moratorium on new waste incinerators and the review, but given that the incinerators already operating and those with consent provide enough capacity as we meet legally binding targets to halve residual waste, may I urge the Minister to make that temporary pause permanent so that we do not have to have an unnecessary and unwanted incinerator in Wisbech?
DEFRA officials are currently scoping the need for a review of the role of waste incineration facilities, and I do not want to prejudge the conclusions of that exercise.
The current pause period will end on  24 May , and the next steps will be announced no later than that date.
What steps his Department is taking to help improve animal welfare.
This Government remain absolutely committed to implementing our action plan for animal welfare.
Since the action plan was published in 2021, we have made significant progress on a whole raft of animal welfare measures, such as introducing tougher sentences on animal cruelty and new laws on animal sentience, bringing forward legislation to ban live exports and keeping primates as pets, launching the animal health and welfare pathway, ensuring the microchipping of cats, and backing critical legislation to crack down on puppy smuggling, pet abduction and livestock worrying.
I am grateful for that answer and, indeed, for all the animal welfare measures that this Government have introduced.
Recently, pupils in Larch class at Three Bridges Primary School wrote to me very eloquently about their concern for the welfare and protection of endangered species.
Can the Minister say a little more about what her Department is doing in that respect?