I also welcome two more Members to Labour, my hon.
Friends the Members for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) and for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter).
Our reach into previously undiscovered support is much broader and deeper than I ever imagined.
Talking of which, we understand that Conservative Members were all trooped over to No. 10 yesterday for a presentation and briefing on how they did not really lose the local elections after all.
Perhaps we could have a debate on what the local election results tell us.
It might  help to inject a little bit of reality into their thinking, because they cannot cure something if they are in complete denial about it.
Which part of the message that voters expressed did their tin ears not hear this time?
The third biggest swing since the second world war in a parliamentary by-election?
Losing the York and North Yorkshire mayoral election in the Prime Minister’s own backyard?
Labour taking Rushmoor, the home of the British Army?
Or losing one of their more successful elected representatives, Andy Street, in the west midlands?
If they cannot hear the message now, they will have a stark awakening at the general election.
We might have all had a small laugh when the former Prime Minister forgot his voter ID, yet another of his own rules that he thought did not apply to him, but there is a more serious point.
We also saw veterans turned away from the polls because they could not use their veteran ID card.
The Government have promised to add the card to the list of acceptable IDs.
When will they do so?
I notice that there is nothing in the upcoming business on the Sentencing Bill, which is quite a surprise given that we learned this week, from a leaked email to probation and prison staff, that some prisoners will be freed up to 70 days early.
Why are the Government consistently failing to bring back the Sentencing Bill so that these issues can be properly debated?
And why are they failing to publish the figures on the number and nature of prisoners who will be released early?
It is another part of their plan that is not working, is it not?
Despite serious and fast-moving developments in Israel and Gaza, the Government, again, did not come to the House to make a statement this week.
It was only through your granting an urgent question, Mr Speaker, that Members could raise issues.
We want an urgent ceasefire and the assault on Rafah stopped.
After much delay, the Government rejected the Procedure Committee report on holding Lords Secretaries of State accountable, yet there is clearly widespread support across the House for its recommendations.
Rather than the Government simply rejecting them, should the Leader of the House not seek the view of this House and table a motion on the accountability of the Foreign Secretary to this House as soon as possible?
Whether on the middle east, China or Ukraine, there are hugely important matters to be raised.
I am pleased that the Leader of the House has finally brought forward the House of Commons Commission’s proposals on risk-based exclusions next week.
Staff and those working in this place will be looking carefully at what we say on Monday in the interests of their safeguarding.
As we heard last night, Members want proper time to debate these proposals and amendments.
Has she considered those calls to extend the debate on the motion beyond two hours?
Despite the Prime Minister’s latest set of disastrous election results, he continues to insist that his plan is working.
He has his fingers in his ears and is ploughing on as if everything is fine.
It is as if there is no cost of living crisis or waiting lists are not sky high, and that voters just need to see more of the “real Rishi” and listen to him better.
The reality is very different: people are crying out for change.
But the only thing that does not seem ever to change is that every time he faces the electorate, he loses.
That is not going to change, is it?
First, let me mark the fact that yesterday was VE Day; I know there will be many events going on across our constituencies during the week, giving us a chance to remember the debt we owe our forebears and also to think of those facing conflict today.
May I, too, welcome the hon.
Lady’s new colleague,  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) , to his place and pay tribute to all candidates who took part in the important elections last week?
I also thank her for helping me to launch the publication to which she referred.
We commissioned it and I thank all the organisations that worked on it.
It is important that we combat the rise of conspiracy theories, as that is part of restoring trust in what we do here and keeping trust in democracy.
This publication will be a useful product, not just for Members, but for those who wish to come here too.
I shall certainly make sure that the Lord Chancellor has heard what she says about the Sentencing Bill, although he will find her concern odd, given Labour’s voting record on our measures to introduce tougher sentences.
The hon.
Lady mentioned her new colleagues, and I do hope  the hon.
Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke)  is being made to feel very welcome in her new party.
I am buoyed at the news that our odds of retaining Dover have slightly improved since yesterday lunch time—[Laughter.]
It is true.
But I think this is a personal tragedy for the hon.
Member for Dover, as was what happened last week for  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) .
It has exposed a pattern of behaviour from the Leader of the Opposition, and it is a shame that we are not due an update to Peter Brookes’ “Nature Notes”, for the decorator crab is a species that covers its surface area with materials to disguise its true form, usually selecting sedentary creatures and seaweed.
The Leader of the Opposition is the decorator crab of these Benches, desperate to show that he is not really leading the Labour party at all.
He has channelled Margaret Thatcher; his deputy has praised Boris; he has expelled  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  with great fanfare, a man he was campaigning for to be Prime Minister only moments before; and his exterior shell is stuck over with St George’s flags, his Gunners season ticket and several programmes from the “Last Night of the Proms”.
What next?
Will it be a photo op with a bulldog?
Will it be a lecture on how misunderstood Enoch Powell was?
Should I ask the Whip on duty on the Front Bench if he has checked in recently with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) ?
This is Operation Radish: the concerted effort to convince the British public that while the Labour party might look red on the outside, at its heart it really is not at all.
Even the defection from the Government Benches of one of Labour’s sternest critics cannot disguise the fact that Operation Radish is not going well.
Not everyone has got the memo.
The shadow Leader of the House talks about the important election results last week.
Has she noticed that the first act of the new Mayor of the West Midlands was to turn his attention not to investment or infrastructure, but to Israel and Gaza?
Ditto for the Mayors of West Yorkshire and London, with the latter also stating “equivalence” between the Head of State of Israel and a terrorist organisation.
The anti-nuke shadow Foreign Secretary is currently trying to walk back from calling a candidate for the presidency of the United States a neo-Nazi-sympathising  KKK sociopath.
The hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  sought to smear a decent candidate for Mayor of London as a white supremacist.
Object to ULEZ and you are a child killer.
If you are a woman advocating for your rights and dignity, you are a bigot.
Want to strengthen our borders?
You are a racist.
If you have made money through hard work, you can’t possibly get Britain.
That is today’s Labour party—just as it has always been.
The politics of the PLP is more the politics of the PLO and the JCR: more comfortable in university tented encampments and on picket lines than on the international stage; more interested in thought policing than actual policing.
Labour has not changed—not its behaviour or its record.
It is still high crime rates, high waiting lists, higher taxes, higher levels of poverty, less pay, less opportunity, less money for the NHS and less freedom.
The British people can see what is going on.
They like their radishes in salads, not in No. 10.