The Attorney General will be aware of the Government’s grounds of defence in the ongoing case of Al-Haq v. the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, in which the FCDO lawyers admitted that the “inability to come to a clear assessment on Israel’s record of compliance” with international humanitarian law “poses significant policy risks”.
What is the Attorney General’s assessment of that submission?
Given the FCDO’s concerns about Israel’s compliance with IHL, what has she said to her Cabinet colleagues who are worried that the issuing of arms export licences could make the UK Government complicit in breaches of international humanitarian law and the arms trade treaty?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, I cannot give my specific legal advice.
I cannot share that with the House—it is for the Government alone—but I can say that the Foreign Secretary has reviewed the most recent advice from the IHL cell.
That has informed his decision that there is not a clear risk that the items exported from the UK might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of IHL.
It leaves our position on export licences unchanged, but that position is kept under review.
What steps she is taking to prosecute perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
Last year, the Government published a new fraud strategy to combat fraud and economic crime, and the Corporate Transparency Act 2023 received Royal Assent.
Last month, the Serious Fraud Office published its strategy for the next five years, which is focused on tech, intelligence gathering and enforcement.
In fact, I am pleased to report to the House that on Friday the SFO secured the conviction of former investment manager David Kennedy for his part in a £100 million investment fraud, in which hundreds of people lost their savings.
Fraud is prevalent.
In fact, it accounts for a third of all crimes committed in this country, and increasingly we are seeing online scams.
Vulnerable people often get caught up in phishing schemes.
Will the Government consider setting up an online crimes agency to clamp down specifically on online crimes, which will become more prevalent with the use of artificial intelligence?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
This is a particularly pernicious crime.
It often targets the vulnerable and, sadly, in an interconnected and digital world, it is likely to increase.
We will look very closely at all such matters.
A number of joint strategies are shared between agencies in any event, but I am certainly very happy to look at her suggestion.