I am aware that the Leader of the House has been celebrating Portsmouth’s elevation to the championship this season.
Last year in Ipswich we celebrated our promotion to the championship, and right now we are celebrating our back-to-back promotion to the premier league.
For the first time in over 20 years, the Tractor Boys will be in the premier league, in the big time—arguably the single biggest boost to the town for over 20 years.
Will she join me in congratulating Kieran McKenna, our exceptional manager, Mark Ashton, the chief executive of the club, and the whole team at Ipswich Town, who are passionate about not just the club but the town?
I wish them all the best for the premier league next season.
Who knows?
Maybe Portsmouth will be there the year after.
On behalf of us all, I congratulate Ipswich Town on this huge achievement.
It is great for the fans, but it will also be great for the whole of Ipswich, because these achievements bring economic and social progress, and many other things.
I think that both our clubs being promoted is an excuse for a pint —I will stand him one.
Seriously, congratulations to everyone there.
I hope that what he says about Portsmouth comes to pass.
Requiring voter ID is an additional burden that prevents people from voting and an unnecessary barrier to our democratic process, especially for those in poorer communities, ethnic minorities and young people.
In last year’s local elections, 14,000 people were prevented from voting because they did not have the right ID at the time.
Can we please have a ministerial statement on the impact of the requirement for voter ID in this year’s local and regional elections?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
She knows that this issue is reviewed on a regular basis, and I will make sure the Cabinet Office has heard what she has had.
Even people who were against bringing in this particular check to protect people’s votes recognise that, because progress had been made in cracking down on areas where fraud had been particularly prevalent, such as postal voting, it was anticipated that there would be more fraud in other areas.
That was one reason why the check was introduced, but I will make sure the Cabinet Office has heard what she has asked.
The Leader of the House will know that I have raised with her before the discrimination against people who are visually impaired, who have to pay VAT on audiobooks when all books are zero rated.
That discrimination cannot continue.
We have had debates in Westminster  Hall, but can we have a debate on the Floor of the House in Government time on stopping this discrimination against visually impaired people?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point and one that I have a great deal of sympathy for.
I will make sure that the Chancellor has heard what he says, as the next questions to the Treasury team are not until much later on, and I think that he is doing a great deal of service by continuing his campaign.
Can we have a debate on ministerial transparency?
As the Leader of the House knows, ordinary MPs have to register with the House any hospitality that they receive from other parties within 28 days and in considerable detail.
However, under the scheme that she still favours, Ministers have an exemption and they do not have to publish anything for several months or provide details at all.
She said repeatedly in this House that she would, by last summer, ensure that there was a parallel system for Ministers so that they were not being treated differently from MPs.
That still has not happened, so when will it happen?
Can the Leader of the House also explain the retrograde step we seem to have taken now?
For instance, in the past we learned that the then Home Secretary registered through the Department that she had gone to a Bond premiere because Bond exercises “executive function”— I note  the right hon.
and learned Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  laughing, because he was the one who made that point—despite the fact that Bond is obviously a fictional character.
Now, ministerial Departments are publishing the barest details.
They do not even say what the tickets are for.
Could the Leader of the House, for instance, explain to us what her lunch with Saints and Sinners was all about?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman, who is normally a stickler for detail, has not noticed that I have been reporting my returns monthly since the start of this year.
They are not very exciting, but they are reported monthly, and I think other Departments are also able to do that.
I did a speech at the Saints and Sinners Club for charity.
Two charities benefited from it, and they are in my entry in the parliamentary Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I know he is keen on this issue and has campaigned on it for a long time.
Of course, people do make mistakes—he himself was adrift two years in registering an overseas visit—but I am in favour of parity between ministerial reporting and Parliament— Why aren’t you doing it?
I am, and I have been doing that since the start of this year—[Interruption.]
I have.
May we have a debate on potholes?
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
In my Chipping Barnet constituency, they seem to be worse than ever.
After representations from me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) , London has been included in the Government’s major boost for potholes funding,  so we need a debate to ensure that Barnet Council uses the £736,000 that it is receiving over two years effectively to tackle potholes and get them filled in.
If there is consensus in this House on any issue, it is that we cannot talk enough about potholes.
An additional £8.3 billion has been allocated to councils for road improvements, which are of importance to our constituents.
Critically, local authorities must account for what they are spending that money on, and since  15 March , they have had to report against the last tranche of funding.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard my right hon.
Friend’s keenness to have a debate on the matter, and she will know how to apply for one.
Godiva Calling, a battle of the bands competition, is taking place at venues across Coventry in May and June.
The competition will give some of Coventry and Warwickshire’s rising musical talents the opportunity to perform at the city’s now flagship music event, the Godiva Festival.
Successful artists win the opportunity to perform their own music on the main stage over the festival weekend in July.
Will the Leader of the House join me in encouraging local musicians to get involved in the competition, and will she arrange a debate on support for grassroots artists and on the importance of music and its ability to connect people and bring them together?
The hon.
Lady makes a number of points that are supported by many Members in the Chamber.
I join her in wishing everyone taking part in the battle of the bands a very good time, and congratulate them on making a success of what now seems a landmark event in the Coventry calendar.
She will know how to apply for a debate, and I encourage her to raise the matter with the Secretary of State on  23 May .
While the Prime Minister is today rightly meeting university vice-chancellors to warn them of their duty of care towards Jewish students, the National Union of Students has passed a so-called non-binding motion seeking to expel the Union of Jewish Students.
To ban Jews because they are Jewish is pure Nazi ideology, and it gives the lie, frankly, to those who claim that their anti-Zionism is not antisemitism.
This issue is a national crisis and it goes to the future of the rule of law in this country, and it is one of the myriad examples of the grotesque antisemitism that we are seeing in national life.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in calling for cross-party consensus in supporting the Prime Minister in the work that he is rightly doing with universities and others to stop antisemitism on campus?