I have been working with the Environment Agency to address a small flood problem on the River Gade in my constituency.
The Environment Agency has been very helpful, and has met with me.
In another part of my constituency, the River Ver has been flooded with sewage yet again.
That is unacceptable, and the Environment Agency  needs to take it seriously and take action against the water companies, rather than just saying, “We’ll work with you.”
Action is what my constituents want.
I agree.
That is why we are increasing fourfold the number of inspections, so that water companies are not marking their own homework.
It is why we have the plan for water, introduced by the former Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , and significant additional investment.
It is why we are taking tougher enforcement action, with the biggest ever criminal prosecution of water firms by the Environment Agency.
It is also why we are taking action on things such as bonuses for companies that commit serious wrongdoing.
What steps he is taking to support farmers.
What steps he is taking to support rural farmers.
Food security is more important than ever, which is why we need to back British farmers to keep putting food on our tables, while protecting the environment.
We are supporting farming with £2.4 billion of annual spending, an average boost of 10% for the sustainable farming incentive payment scheme, and new rules to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their products.
Obviously farmers in low-lying areas of Lincolnshire are suffering from flooding, so any update on the support that they can be given would be very helpful.
I have a specific question for the Secretary of State: will the Government update us on when they will announce the long-term funding solution that they promised for internal drainage boards, to address the pressure on local authorities through special levies?
My right hon.
Friend is right to focus on the importance of drainage boards, particularly in Lincolnshire.
He knows that I have a particular constituency interest in the adjacent area.
We have announced £65 million of funding, and the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , will make further announcements on that shortly.
We are looking more widely at the huge pressure on farming from the wet weather, particularly in areas such as Lincolnshire.
There has been a 60% increase in rainfall—these have been our second wettest six months—and we are looking at a series of easements, particularly with regard to SFI, to ensure that farmers get their payments.
On behalf of my party, I too wish Phil, the Head Doorkeeper, a very happy birthday.
As the Government know, we grow the very finest seed potatoes in the far north of Scotland.
They are particularly good because, relatively speaking, they are virus free.
That is probably because of the northerly latitudes where they are grown.
I happen to know that farmers in Europe are crying out to get hold of these  seed potatoes.
I ask the Government to do everything in their power to ensure that the potatoes go where they are needed and wanted.
The hon.
Member makes a valid point in terms of both the quality and the desirability of the products to which he refers.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is engaging actively with the EU on that specific point, and I am sure that he will update the hon.
Member on it.