There were 36 failed personal protective equipment contracts during the pandemic, costing over £1 billion, but only   one company, PPE Medpro, has been named.
If the Government are serious about tackling fraud, why are they refusing to disclose the details of the other companies?
How exactly were those contracts awarded, and can the Solicitor General update the House on how many prosecutions are pending?
The hon.
Member quite rightly raises a matter of particular concern to him, and indeed to the whole House.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs remains committed to covid-19 scheme compliance, and will continue to prioritise the most serious cases of abuse.
Specifically on prevention and recoveries, up to  30 September 2023 , HMRC had prevented the payment, or recovered the overpayment, of over £1.6 billion-worth of grants, made up of £430 million that was prevented from being paid out and over £1.2 billion that was recovered from overpayments.
By  30 September 2023 , HMRC had opened 51 criminal investigations into suspected fraud within the schemes, and made a total of 80 arrests.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for next week will include: Monday 13 May —Motion to approve the draft Procurement Regulations 2024, followed by motion to approve the draft Agriculture (Delinked Payments) (Reductions) (England) Regulations 2024, followed by debate on a motion on the risk-based exclusion of Members of Parliament.
Tuesday 14
May —Motion to approve the draft Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (Amendment of Schedule A2) Order 2024, followed by motion to approve the draft code of practice on fair and transparent distribution of tips, followed by general debate on War Graves Week.
Wednesday 15
May —Remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill (day one).
Thursday 16 May —Debate on a motion on the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman report on women’s state pension age.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 17 May —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  20 May  includes: Monday 20 May —General debate.
Subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 21
May —If necessary, consideration of Lords message to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, followed by consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Holocaust Memorial Bill, followed by motion relating to the High Speed Rail (Crewe-
Manchester) Bill.
I was pleased to join the Leader of the House this week to launch a guide for Members and candidates, co-ordinated by the Antisemitism Policy Trust, on tackling conspiracy theories.
Although the existence of conspiracy theories is nothing new, their reach, risk and repercussions are ever increasing.
I encourage colleagues to read this important guide.