The Attorney General rightly refers to the work done in relation to domestic violence.
The most serious offences of violence against women and girls are rape and serious sexual offences.
As she will know, there are concerns that once victims have come forward, there are delays in their cases being heard, largely because of the difficulty in getting suitably experienced barristers to prosecute them.
Does she accept that one of the main drivers of that is the fact that legal aid fees were increased for defence barristers, but prosecution fees have lagged behind?
There is a gap of around £500 in the brief fee between prosecuting and defending.
Does she agree that we must plug that gap urgently, to get suitable counsel prosecuting as well as defending those cases?
The Chair of the Select Committee is tempting me to step on the firm territory of the Lord Chancellor, as he well knows.
He also knows, because he and I have discussed this many times, that the Lord Chancellor and I speak several times a week about our concerns about the shortage of counsel in the criminal sphere in particular.
However, I would say gently to my hon.
and learned Friend that I do not think money is the only reason why it is not always attractive to prosecute RASSO case after RASSO case.
They are draining cases to be involved in, and they are listed very tightly at the moment because of the pandemic backlogs, as he mentioned.
That leads to tensions with listings and with the judiciary, which can make it very difficult to do this area of work relentlessly.
I have nothing but praise for the barristers who are engaged in it.
What recent steps she has taken to increase joint working between the Crown Prosecution Service and police services.
Close and collaborative work across the criminal justice system is key to securing justice for victims, holding offenders to account and keeping the public safe.
The police and the CPS have invested heavily in new ways of working, including through the national operating model for rape prosecutions, with the result that the police and the CPS work more closely together at an earlier stage in prosecutions.
During a recent visit to Greater Manchester police’s divisional headquarters in Stockport I heard that there can be significant delays between sending a case to the CPS and receiving a charging decision back.
To solve that, it was suggested that having CPS staff based inside the station would speed up the process and improve communication.
What consideration has my hon.
and learned Friend given to a CPS presence in police stations, and will he work with me and Stockport division to facilitate a trial?