In the

1980's, after the demolition of a historic bungalow to make space for

potential tract homes, actor Brian Moore, president of the civic

association, began advocating for the historical preservation of

Whitley Heights; this resulted in the neighborhood being added to the

National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and later, into a Los

Angeles Historical Preservation Overlay Zone.
The civic association

works with the residents, city agencies and elected officials to ensure

the preservation of this beautiful neighborhood.
It is an honor to recognize the Whitley Heights Civic Association for

its commitment to preserving a historic neighborhood of Los Angeles,

and I ask all Members to join me in congratulating this organization

upon their centennial anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

V-J DAY 2023

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the end of World

War II and the 78th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day, otherwise

known as V-J Day.
The sacrifices of our World War II veterans paid for

the end to what was one of the most horrific wars in human history.
On this day in 1945, Japan signed the terms of surrender aboard the

USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay.
This day marks the heroic triumph of

American forces for the good of the whole world.
Our World War II veterans may be dwindling in number, but their

legacy as the greatest generation continues to grow.
We must continue

to esteem the truly incredible men and women who showed what a unified

America can do to secure hope and liberty in the face of the most

formidable adversary.
I am grateful for the work of Frank Reisinger who recalls the

celebrating of V-J Day in downtown Tulsa with his father as a young

man.
Frank has diligently held a celebration of this important day in

Broken Arrow for the last 8 years so that his community understands the

cost of war and the price of freedom.
May we never forget that freedom is never free and that we are but 1

generation away from losing what so many have fought and died to

secure.