Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF ALICE DAVIS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
135

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF ALICE DAVIS

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Alice Davis, a tenacious

servant/leader, astute fundraiser and compassionate and committed

humanitarian who is turning 100 this week.
A fourth generation Washingtonian, Alice Tompkins Davis is a product

of the District of Columbia public school system, whose love of

mathematics led to a Bachelor of Science degree from Miner Teachers

College (now the University of the District of Columbia) in 1943 and

graduate studies in mathematics at Catholic University.
This career

path of critical thinking helped refine her methodical, detail-oriented

intellect and provided a background for organized planning and

execution abilities--all of which make her an invaluable leader and

team player on several local and national organization and association

boards and committees.
It is these specific talents and skills that

served her well for decades and served the Howard University Medical

Alumni Association (HUMAA) so well from 1982 to 1996 in her role as

Executive Director.
While Alice Tompkins grew up in the segregated town of the District

of Columbia, she was never handicapped by race or sex.
She was a 20th

century leader in women's rights, civil rights, children's rights,

mental health and housing, by example.
In recognition of her talents,

she was chosen for several mayoral appointments including member on the

DC Commission for Women, the DC Health Plan, State Health Coordinating

Committee (SHCC) and 8 years on the District of Columbia Lottery and

Charitable Games Board.
Her extensive leadership roles on the national

and local levels for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. began in 1945.
One of her most significant achievements was the establishment of the

Delta Housing Corporation of Washington, D.C. in 1977.
This landmark

development project, with HUD funding of over $6.5 million, built

affordable housing.
It was the first of its kind awarded to a Black

women's organization.
To date, it has continued as an ongoing legacy.
As a member since 1948 and a past president of the Auxiliary to the

National Medical Association, her work in health education and

volunteer services set a national standard as did her National Youth

Forum leadership in conjunction with the March of Dimes.
Her service to

the D.C. Mental Health Association began in 1967 with policy

development and lobbying and being a media spokesperson and program

coordinator.
Her service contribution awards, spanning over 60 years,

are numerous.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to wish Alice

Tompkins Davis a happy 100th birthday, in recognition of her

distinguished life of service to others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING UKRAINE ON THEIR INDEPENDENCE DAY

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the Consulate

General of Ukraine in Houston, and all the people of Ukraine, on their

Independence Day.
The spirit of Ukraine is an inspiration to all

freedom loving peoples in the world.
The rights that we so often take

for granted are under constant threat from dictators like Vladimir

Putin.
There is no stronger example of what it takes to stand up for

liberty in the world today than the struggle fought every day in

Ukraine.
I take a special pride in offering this congratulations as Texans and

Ukrainians are most assuredly kindred spirits.
In a book he wrote after

a 1946 trip to the Soviet Union, the late John Fischer concluded that

Ukrainians are ``Texans in Fur Hats.''
It's no surprise that a

significant portion of the first wave of Ukrainian immigrants to the

United States settled in Texas.
Our histories are intertwined, as is

our love of liberty.
Glory to Ukraine (Slava Ukraini).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FOUNDER'S DAY FOR THE LADIES OF FUTURITY, INC ORGANIZATION

HON.