He has been a steady presence in

touring our Nation's industrial base capabilities, testifying to the

U.S. Navy's needs before the House Armed Services Committee and a

particular spokesperson in successfully advancing the cutting-edge

vision of the AUKUS alliance.
Mr. Speaker, as both Ranking Member and Chair of the House Armed

Services' Seapower Projection Forces Subcommittee, I have had a front

row seat to view his tenure.
It was not an easy time, contending with

an unstable budget environment, historic turnover in the Office of

Secretary of the Navy from 2017 until 2020, and a global pandemic.
Through it all, he maintained a steady hand on the helm of our fleet

and the marine corps.
Overcoming adversity is I believe the sternest

test of leadership, and in my opinion, Admiral Gilday passed that test

with flying colors.
The weightiness of his sea legs will be incredibly

difficult to replace, but we will welcome the new perspective brought

on by the next Chief of Naval Operations.
As Admiral Mike Gilday enters

this new era of retirement with his wife, Linda, I ask that my

colleagues in the House, and particularly those who serve on the House

Armed Services Committee, to join me in recognizing his life of service

to the Navy and the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
HENRY C. ``HANK'' JOHNSON, JR.
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have

voted NAY on Roll Call No.
109; NAY on Roll Call No.
108; YEA on Roll

Call No.
140; YEA on Roll Call No.
212; NAY on Roll Call No.
231; and

NAY on Roll Call No.
234.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PASTOR EDDIE WILLIAMS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Eddie

Williams for his 17 years of service to the congregation at Lakeridge

Ministries Church of God in Christ.
Lakeridge Village Ministries was founded on the principle of

uplifting people from all walks of life in spirituality and that the

gift of spirituality is not limited to clergy.
Pastor Williams has

sought to lead his flock under that guidance, fostering a true sense of

community and caring for the most vulnerable.
In addition to his work

in ministry, Pastor Williams has sought to expand resources and options

for people suffering from the pain of addiction and mental illness.
His

work at Lakeridge Village has accomplished so much in fighting the

stigma around mental health issues and connecting those struggling with

substance abuse to the assistance they need.
In short Pastor Williams

has performed outstanding service to the community through his ministry

and charitable work.
Please join me in tribute to Pastor Eddie Williams in celebration of

his 17 years in spiritual service to Lakeridge Ministries Church of God

in Christ.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EXCELLENCE OF THE MARCHING CENTURIONS

HON.
MIKE GARCIA

Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and congratulate Saugus High School's 2022-2023 Marching Centurions for

their selection to represent California's 27th Congressional District

in the National Memorial Day Parade held in our Nation's capital.
Their

designation as a distinguished participant in this year's festivities

is a testament to not only their performative excellence, but their

resilience through several years of challenges from which they have

emerged stronger than ever.
It is important to recognize that this distinction is one that very

few marching bands and color guards across the United States have the

privilege of touting, and it is certainly one that is earned rather

than given.
For years leading up to their participation in the National

Memorial Day Parade, the Marching Centurions of Saugus High School have

distinguished themselves as a benchmark of virtuosity and dedication to

craft.