Their

designation as a distinguished participant in this year's festivities

is a testament to not only their performative excellence, but their

resilience through several years of challenges from which they have

emerged stronger than ever.
It is important to recognize that this distinction is one that very

few marching bands and color guards across the United States have the

privilege of touting, and it is certainly one that is earned rather

than given.
For years leading up to their participation in the National

Memorial Day Parade, the Marching Centurions of Saugus High School have

distinguished themselves as a benchmark of virtuosity and dedication to

craft.
Time and time again, students throughout the years have

represented their fellow classmates with unmatched pride and skill and

it is heartening to see this program be rewarded with such an honor.
I also want to pay special recognition to the members who graduated

with the Class of 2023.
Since they began high school in 2019, their

graduating class has faced a gauntlet of trials and tribulations that

many of their contemporaries or even most adults have not.
After the

tragic shooting in November of 2019, they were immediately confronted

with the COVID-19 pandemic, lockdowns, and virtual learning which

forced them to press on with rehearsals over Zoom.
These challenges

were of course coupled with the typical obstacles a teenager faces when

navigating high school: homework, crushes, college applications, and

anxiety about the future.
As their representative in the halls of

Congress, I could not be prouder of their resilience in the face of the

impossible, and the manner in which they relied on each other to

overcome the odds.
Once again, I want to extend my sincerest congratulations to the

Marching Centurions for this great honor that they had to commemorate

our Nation's heroes who have been killed in the defense of freedom for

Memorial Day.
As a Saugus alumnus myself, my heart swelled with pride

seeing these students clad in blue and silver marching along the

streets of Washington to honor our great country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF COLLIN MICHAEL MORRISON

HON.
PAUL A. GOSAR

Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Collin

Michael Morrison, devoted American patriot and late President/CEO of

LionHeart Security Services in Tempe, Arizona.
Born at a British military base in Singapore, Michael was the son of

Scottish U.S. Army servicemembers.
He spent his childhood in the United

Kingdom and Southeast Asia where his father worked in intelligence.
After moving to the United States, Michael's core values in teamwork

and equal justice led him to serve in both the U.S. Navy and U.S. Army,

in the Monterey County Sheriff's Department, and later in international

security.
Notably, his international work landed him at U.S. embassies in

Africa, including roles as a Project Manager for security forces in

Guinea, West Africa, and as a security consultant for U.S. embassies in

Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, and Senegal.
Here, he developed security training modules for local security forces

assigned to these embassies.
After 7 years in Africa, Michael returned to the United States to

foster his continued sense of duty and create LionHeart Security

Services in Arizona.
As a business owner, he held an ``always can do

and will do'' attitude with intense follow through.
Every time the

United States of America asked Michael to step up, you can guarantee he

did.
Beyond his accomplishments in the security industry, Michael was also

a strong Conservative Republican.
He was instrumental in drafting

Congressional legislation to ensure U.S. Security Force project

managers only report to U.S. Diplomatic Security Agents at U.S.

embassies and consulates abroad.