Every time the

United States of America asked Michael to step up, you can guarantee he

did.
Beyond his accomplishments in the security industry, Michael was also

a strong Conservative Republican.
He was instrumental in drafting

Congressional legislation to ensure U.S. Security Force project

managers only report to U.S. Diplomatic Security Agents at U.S.

embassies and consulates abroad.
Similarly, he assisted in the Arizona

House to pass a law to allow honorably discharged veterans to obtain a

security guard I.D. card without a waiting period, thus enabling

veterans to begin working as soon as their discharges were complete.
He did not consider himself a hero, but an ordinary man in service of

the nation he so loved.
However, Michael's greatest service was not in

work, but in friendship.
He lived by the following words:

If you cannot stand, I will lift you.
If you cannot walk, I will carry you.
If you are blind, I will see for you.
If you are mute, I will speak for you.
If you are deaf, I will hear for you.
If you are in fear, I will comfort you.
If you are lost, I will guide you.
If you are in danger, I will protect you.
If you need courage, I will be brave for you.
If you are confused, I will reassure you.
If you cannot fight, I will defend you.
And if you just need a friend, I am here for you.
After contracting COVID-19, Michael spent his final days surrounded

by friends, family, and his loving wife Mariam.
He will be remembered

as a man of courage, honor, and integrity.
But most of all, a friend of

mine.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE WHITLEY HEIGHTS CIVIC ASSOCIATION

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th

anniversary of the Whitley Heights Civic Association of Los Angeles,

California.
The Whitley Heights Civic Association, founded in 1923 as a garden

club, has represented the members of the Whitley Heights neighborhood

for 100 years.
This notable achievement also earns the association the

honor of being one of the longest continually operating civic

associations in Los Angeles.
The Whitley Heights community was established when major land

developer Hobart Johnstone Whitley commissioned architect Arthur Barnes

to begin the design and construction of a new Mediterranean-style

neighborhood in the Hollywood Hills.
The arched doorways and windows,

iconic red-tiled roofs, and balconies were new to Los Angeles, inspired

by Barnes' tour of the Mediterranean; in particular, Italy and its

historic hillside towns.
With many of the homes constructed between

1918 and 1928, Whitley Heights was one of the first Hollywood

developments.
The style and aesthetic of the homes as well as the

secluded hillside setting, attracted many prominent residents,

including Charlie Chaplin, Gloria Swanson, Bette Davis, William

Faulkner, and F. Scott Fitzgerald.
In fact, the neighborhood's design

was so highly regarded that many exterior features became popular in

other contemporary Los Angeles developments.
Preservation of this iconic neighborhood has been a challenge in the

decades since the initial development.
Construction and alteration of

the Hollywood Freeway divided the original development in the 1940's

and 1960's, during which almost 50 homes were demolished.
In the

1980's, after the demolition of a historic bungalow to make space for

potential tract homes, actor Brian Moore, president of the civic

association, began advocating for the historical preservation of

Whitley Heights; this resulted in the neighborhood being added to the

National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and later, into a Los

Angeles Historical Preservation Overlay Zone.
The civic association

works with the residents, city agencies and elected officials to ensure

the preservation of this beautiful neighborhood.
It is an honor to recognize the Whitley Heights Civic Association for

its commitment to preserving a historic neighborhood of Los Angeles,

and I ask all Members to join me in congratulating this organization

upon their centennial anniversary.