Our histories are intertwined, as is

our love of liberty.
Glory to Ukraine (Slava Ukraini).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FOUNDER'S DAY FOR THE LADIES OF FUTURITY, INC ORGANIZATION

HON.
LOIS FRANKEL

Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

founders Tracey & Amaris Graham, and each of the members of the Ladies

of Futurity Inc. on the occasion of their 10 year anniversary.
Amaris

is a member of my team as a Staff Assistant and Legislative

Correspondent.
Amaris and her mother, Tracey Graham, founded the Ladies of Futurity,

Inc. nonprofit organization on May 26, 2013, to equip and empower young

girls of diverse backgrounds to become ladies, obtain a higher

education, and to be servant leaders in their community with essential

life and leadership skills to create a pathway to educational success

and career development through workshops, sisterly gatherings, and

exceptional community service in Palm Beach County, Florida.
With over 312 inducted members since its inception, Ladies of

Futurity continues to accomplish its mission of helping girls realize

their true potential as they establish and ultimately achieve their

future goals.
Their dedication to ensuring each of its members is

``empowered to achieve, educated to succeed, and forever evolving as a

lady'' is truly admirable.
Tracey and Amaris Graham strive to provide

the tools necessary for each young lady to ``possess a favor,

fulfilling, future.''
Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending congratulatory

wishes to the Ladies of Futurity, Inc. for 10 years of remarkable

service.
I am honored to recognize them today and wish them continued

success in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to

commemorate the 70th anniversary of the U.S. Small Business

Administration (SBA).
Over the last seven decades, the U.S. Small

Business Administration has played a vital role in supporting and

empowering small businesses.
Providing entrepreneurs important guidance

on financial products, the SBA has proven to be an invaluable resource.
Small businesses and their employees drive growth and innovation and

play an essential role in the American economy.
In the United States,

there are over 33 million small businesses that employ approximately

61.7 million Americans.
In the past 28 years, these businesses have

created 17.3 million net new jobs, which accounts for 62.7 percent of

jobs created since 1995.
The Lower Rio Grande Valley District of the U.S. Small Business

Administration serves 14 counties in south Texas.
In 2020, over 179,000

jobs were supported by approximately 10,000 establishments in the 34th

Congressional District alone.
Through their various programs and

initiatives, the SBA has provided small businesses access to capital,

Federal contracting certifications and opportunities, and disaster

recovery.
Mr. Speaker, I have witnessed the U.S. Small Business Administration

open doors for and provide a lifeline to small business owners across

south Texas and it gives me great pleasure to acknowledge this agency's

invaluable contributions to our region and country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DOROTHY DIANA (ROZA) DECKER

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, today we gather to honor the life of Dorothy

Diana (Roza) Decker, a passionate advocate for early childhood

education and a beacon of dedication within our community.
Diana's

lifelong commitment to education has left an indelible mark on the

lives of countless individuals.
She peacefully passed away at her

Fresno home on July 23, 2023, leaving behind a legacy of compassion,

determination, and lasting influence.
Born on November 11, 1942, in Hanford, California, Diana's journey

began on a dairy farm in Easton, California, surrounded by the love of

her parents and five brothers.
Her heart radiated with a genuine

concern for others from an early age, a trait that would define her

entire life.