“for upholding and promoting democratic culture and practices”.
I would therefore ask what support the Government and Parliament have provided to the CPA to strengthen democracy across the Commonwealth.
The fundamental mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross is to protect victims of conflict and violence through the provision of humanitarian assistance.
Its work, often in the most difficult and perilous environments, encompasses everything from mine clearance and providing healthcare and sanitation to combating sexual violence, improving respect for international humanitarian law and establishing economic stability.
I am very proud of the United Kingdom’s record in providing humanitarian aid across the world—to Afghanistan, to South Sudan, to Ukraine and right now to Gaza.
However, what support have the Government provided to the ICRC and what can we, as Members of Parliament, do to support the Red Cross?
Ultimately, if we are to grant international status to these two organisations, let us also ensure that we fully support them in their operations and in their aims, strengthening democracy and humanitarian aid.
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  for making progress with this important Bill, which will recognise both the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross as international organisations.
These are important changes given that neither is recognised as such under UK law.
Current laws cannot apply as neither is an intergovernmental organisation, so a new enabling power is necessary.
The CPA does vital work in promoting parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth, but its current set up as a UK charity is a cause for concern among some members and is somewhat restrictive.
The Bill seeks to address that.
The Commonwealth is a unique club of nations united by our shared historical and economic ties, alongside a shared belief in the value of democracy and the rule of law.
In an increasingly hostile world where the rule of ruthless autocrats is on the rise and democratic rights are under threat, advancing those basic values and supporting the flourishing of parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth remains as important now as it was when the CPA was first founded in 1911.
That is why the Bill is so important to ensure the CPA remains relevant and best placed to promote parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth.
That will allow the CPA to participate more fully internationally than it does today, removing some of the restrictions on it.
More than 60 countries and jurisdictions participate in the CPA, as well as more than 180 legislators.
It helps to increase the participation of under-represented groups in Commonwealth Parliaments, including women, disabled people and young people.
The organisation also does vital work to help develop shared learning throughout Parliamentary democracies across the Commonwealth, facilitating knowledge-sharing and helping to strengthen our democratic systems.
The second organisation that the Bill focuses on, the International Committee of the Red Cross, does hugely important humanitarian work to protect victims of conflict and violence around the world.
This week, the Prime Minister announced the Government’s commitment to increase spending on defence to 2.5%, which is incredibly welcome, particularly as it will be funded through much-needed efficiency savings in Whitehall rather than tax rises.
It reflects the increasing threats we face from our adversaries globally in an increasingly insecure world.
The work of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is more important than ever.
Conflicts have ignited around the world, whether following Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine, or the horrific turmoil in the middle east, in Gaza and Israel.
In addition to Ukraine, Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the ICRC has key operations in Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, the Sahel, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
In all such conflicts, innocent civilians are caught up in the violence and harmed by the results of war, and that is why the Bill is so essential.
Alongside the CPA, the Bill also seeks to recognise the ICRC properly as an international organisation.
Under international law—through the Geneva convention—the ICRC already has a specific and unique humanitarian mandate to act in times of international conflict, and it has been given wider recognition internationally through the rights of a humanitarian initiative.
More than 110 states around the world have already recognised the ICRC and given it equivalent status to an international organisation, so it is only right that the UK follows suit.
That is particularly important as it would allow the ICRC to operate in the UK while preserving its core principles of neutrality and independence.
A number of amendments agreed in Committee further improve the quality of the Bill, particularly those on the importance of the confidentiality of the information that the ICRC provides to the Government and during legal proceedings.
As my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke said, confidentiality is critical and remains a fundamental principle of the ICRC.
Those changes are eminently sensible, given the sensitivities of the information that will often be dealt with in such circumstances.
That is particularly important in protecting victims during conflicts and bringing justice through criminal prosecutions to those who commit such crimes.
I again congratulate my right hon.
Friend and thank her for bringing forward the Bill.
I wish it well on its continued passage through the other place.
I am delighted to see you in the Chair, Mr Speaker—long may you reign.
It is a privilege to speak in favour of the Bill introduced by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller) .
I pay huge tribute to her, as she has been the flag-bearer for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for the whole time I have been in this House—four and a half years.
One of the first conversations we ever had was about how important it is, particularly for a new Member of Parliament, to be part of the CPA.
I took her at her word, and I have been delighted to be involved in that brilliant association.
Can we also pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke for the work she did with new parliamentarians when we came into the House?
She specifically promoted women in this Parliament in order to reach 50:50 status.
This is about not just the work she has done for the CPA, but what she has done for women in this place.
Absolutely.
I will not spare my right hon.
Friend’s blushes:
she is not only a brilliant parliamentarian, but she supports newer Members of Parliament, and I have been the beneficiary of her advice.
I have been the supporter of the incredible work of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for many years, and this Bill will cement in law the difference it has made across our beloved Commonwealth over the past 76 years.
I also welcome the Bill as it recognises the work the ICRC does to support regions in crisis.
From Australia to Anguilla, from Botswana to the British Virgin Islands, the CPA is crucial in keeping all parliamentarians connected across the globe, sharing good practice, helping us to learn from each other and fostering friendly, positive and long-lasting friendships across the 180 Parliaments and legislatures that make up the Commonwealth family.
As my hon.
Friend was making her remarks about how we learn from other Parliaments, I recalled sitting in the New Zealand Parliament for questions one morning, where the Speaker took an interesting role.
If the Speaker was not satisfied with an answer the Minister gave, he asked for the question to be answered again.
Does she think we should considering doing that here as well?
I can always do that if you want!
[Laughter.]
My right hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I am sure those on the Front Bench would be delighted to comment on it in their speeches.
The ICRC is an essential partner for achieving the three core objectives of the UK’s humanitarian framework, which are: “Prioritise humanitarian assistance to people in greatest need and provide them with what they need the most to recover from crises; Protect the people most at risk, including from conflict-related sexual violence and barriers to humanitarian assistance; Prevent and anticipate future shocks and build resilience in long-running crises by tackling the underlying drivers of crises, instability, and extreme food insecurity”.
Nobody could ever argue with any of that.
The ICRC is much respected, not only in this country, but abroad.
It carries with it an unparalleled ability to engage with all parties engaged in a conflict and it supports innocent civilians caught up in the crossfire.
The amendments tabled by my right hon.
Friend in Committee are crucial to the successful operation of the ICRC.
Amendments 1 and 2 are designed to protect information that the ICRC provides in confidence to the Government from being used in UK civil court proceedings.
ICRC information being used in legal proceedings is a real risk and concern.
I was surprised to learn that in the past 15 years the ICRC’s confidentiality has been challenged some 20 times in the UK, be it in respect of disclosing information regarding its work with British forces abroad or of its dialogue with a variety of actors on the global stage.
Today, I will be focusing my comments on the CPA, as I have been fortunate to work closely with it during my time in this place.
Before my hon.
Friend leaves the subject of the ICRC, let me take the opportunity again to highlight the importance of the amendments introduced in Committee.
She reiterated the number of times the ICRC has been threatened with having to divulge very confidential information.
Does she, like me, hope that that is taken into consideration when the Bill goes to the other place?
Obviously, providing that confidentiality and the need not to divulge such information except in criminal cases is an important step.
Does she agree that we need to make sure those provisions are in place for civil cases as soon as possible?
I hope that no debate in the Lords will delay their coming into effect.