Section 215 enforcement notices and other enforcement mechanisms will certainly be part of that mix.
Unfortunately, section 215 powers, which are about enforcement where properties are in a bad condition and owners are not taking responsibility for their buildings, have not been used in our area.
I made a freedom of information request recently about that and we found out that Stoke-on-Trent City Council had not used those powers once in the past 12 months.
That is shocking, given the blatant need for a carrot and stick approach to address some of the concerns about our high street.
Change of use will also be another aspect of this, and having further reviews every five years ensures that improvement plans are living, nimble and able to respond to changing views and circumstances.
Nor should we presume that a plan could consider every eventuality, so although it will be important to give consideration to improvement plans as part of local planning policy,  they should not restrict and prevent positive development that may not have been envisaged when a plan was formulated.
Additionally, reviews can happen more frequently than every five years, if necessary.
Again, that was further clarified through amendment in Committee.
Importantly, the Bill does not prescribe that improvement plans must be fully implemented, complete and whole within five years.
I want to clear up any confusion that there may still be about that.
Rather, the Bill provides for plans to be more of a moveable feast, subject to periodic review to check on the progress towards delivery of what might be called an “ideal model envisaged”.
That means that improvement plans can include longer-term ambitions, guiding principles and characteristics for high streets well into the decades ahead, with the ability to finesse those at least every five years.
Of course, there is the duty not to leave the plans covering dust on a shelf.
Having a long-term vision that is delivered incrementally with maintained local support is the right thing to do.
We can all think of examples of funding pots becoming available for so-called shovel-ready schemes, and many of us will have been frustrated when it turns out that nothing remotely shovel ready is on the books.
One of the great lessons of the high streets taskforce, which has been usefully embraced by a number of local authorities, including Longton, is the importance of getting a number of quick wins and a number of deliverable schemes within the shorter term, and having a longer-term vision and series of projects.
The high streets taskforce has been an important and productive initiative for local councils of all colours, and I hope that its legacy, findings and best practice will live on through the Bill.
It is work that deserves to be celebrated and continued, and we should all be grateful for the wealth of knowledge that the taskforce has contributed.
The Bill is necessary to institutionalise that legacy further, developing it across local government and local communities.
Having an improvement plan will help provide the basis for helping secure future funding, providing a more cohesive plan to help justify investment decisions, and will mean that certain schemes can be on the books whenever the funding is available.
It also means that other projects that crop up can be knitted into the fabric to align better with the longer-term strategic vision and priorities for an area.
Without a clear vision of what a preserved and enhanced high street area would look like, I suggest that the spending would not be as optimal as it could, or should, be and the funding may not even be won at all.
Much of the focus for Government investment would be better informed and would deliver better value for money through high street improvement plans.
Indeed, local authorities and place partnerships will be able to engage with national bodies to push for certain optimal schemes or the refinement of them to help deliver greater benefits for our high streets within the spending envelope.
That could mean infrastructure projects, such as with organisations like Network Rail and National Highways, environmental enhancements from organisations like the Environment Agency, or major housing delivery on some of our brownfields through organisations like Homes England.
It is important that we improve the linkage of national organisations to better understand  the needs of our local communities and high streets.
Improvement plans can help do that through better co-ordination and clarity of direction.
High street improvement plans may also be important for Historic England in identifying areas in need of a partnership scheme in conservation areas, known as PSICA.
The reviews of high streets will, in some cases, draw on conservation area appraisals as well.
In some of those cases, that will expose the absence of appraisals and will help fill the gap, particularly where condition of those areas is poor.
It has been exciting to work with Historic England in Longton to help save buildings on Market Street, and the heritage action zone funding we have secured has helped deliver on some of those buildings.
However, it has not delivered on all those buildings, and we actually have a number of buildings that are still in a poor state.
We have amassed knowledge and data about the ownership and condition of some of those buildings, and we need to move on to the next stage.
I hope we will secure some additional funding for Longton through the heritage lottery fund to help improve and continue some of the good work already started through the PSICA scheme.
There is much more work to do, especially in ensuring that the traffic flow and public realm are optimised for footfall and dwell time in Longton town centre.
I hope the use of some of the levelling-up partnership funding for the town centre will help.
Also, some of the other plans that we have been developing, particularly around things like crime and antisocial behaviour, are important for many of our high streets and town centres.
Longton has recently seen a spate of absolutely mindless crime and antisocial behaviour targeting a number of retailers.
In the next few weeks, I will be meeting a number of them alongside Staffordshire police to discuss some of the issues.
I have been absolutely delighted to help secure more funding to address some of those issues.
Working with our fantastic police, fire and crime commissioner, Ben Adams, we managed to secure extra Safer Streets funding for Longton, and for other parts of Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent, to help deliver the improvements and create the secure high streets we need to see.
In our case, they include additional CCTV throughout the town centre and gating off some of the alleyways that have attracted crime and antisocial behaviour.
Those measures will help to ensure that people feel safe to visit, and encourage more people to dwell and shop on our high streets.
Only a comprehensive improvement plan can pull together the many factors and aspects that need proper co-ordination for a compelling high street experience.
All that can be addressed in the guidance from the Secretary of State.
I hope there will be a role for the Office for Place, now based in Stoke-on-Trent, in optimising the guidance.
And it will be guidance, not prescription.
I stress here that the Bill does not remove the power of article 4 direction that local authorities already enjoy to remove permitted development rights, if they see fit.
That is a decision for them, and it will no doubt be part of the designation process to consider any PDR issues around a high street.
In many areas, permitted development rights will actually be key to the enterprising spirit needed to revive high streets.
Forward-thinking councils know full well that they cannot succeed in their regeneration ambitions if they allow themselves to have a reputation among developers of “council says no.”
The improvement plan process will ensure that authorities are comfortable as enablers of preservation and enhancements.
We are blessed in Staffordshire, like in many parts of the country and particularly in north Staffordshire, to have many iconic high streets, whether in the more rural market towns of Stone and Cheadle, or in the pottery towns of Fenton and Longton that make up parts of the city of Stoke-on-Trent.
But nearly all of them across the country have faced multiple challenges from online, out of town, and, of course, covid-19.
To conclude, we must act to address that decline, building on the work already being done by the Government through measures such as those set out in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023, and ensuring the powers in place have a higher likelihood of being utilised.
It has been a pleasure to bring the Bill forward and to work with colleagues across all parties to discuss it, review it and improve it on its passage through the House.
We all want to see our high streets reviewed and improved.
We want them to be preserved and enhanced to celebrate their local character.
We want greater footfall, driven by high streets that are safe and pleasant places to be.
The Bill ensures that local authorities work with property owners, local communities and many others to realise that aim, according to their own local circumstances.
It is muscular localism, and I commend it to the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  on bringing forward such an important Bill.
I think every Member of this House will have a problem high street that they feel frustrated about and cannot get any work done on.
I hope he will allow me to talk about the success in my constituency, which I think echoes the sentiment of the Bill and shows what can be done when some of the things he wants to see in the Bill are achieved.
I want to talk about my hometown of North Shields.
North Shields is probably best known for the Fish Quay.
The Fish Quay is a shadow of its former self in one way, but because of a lot of work that has been done on development it is now thriving.
It is full of restaurants and shops, and we have the fantastic North Shields Fishermen’s Heritage Project, which has done a lot to highlight and record the history of our town.
Next year, North Shields will be celebrating its 800th anniversary.
I lived in North Shields from when I was born until I was 19.
We lived in an upstairs Tyneside flat and then, when I was 19, my family were thrilled to move to another great area of North Tyneside, Wallsend, into a brand new council house, when we still had council houses being built on a grand scale.
That was 1976, so we can work out my age.
North Shields has two high streets.
The one that runs parallel to the river east-west is Saville Street.
The one that runs north-south is Bedford Street.
As in many other town centres, there has been so much decline over the years.
Various schemes have tried to bring the town centre back to life, but there have always been reasons why it has not really thrived.
Town centres and high streets are so important because they bring communities together, with friends and family shopping and meeting in the same area.
When I was young we went shopping on a Saturday, and we would not get very far along the  high street before our mother saw a relative or friend, and there would be little groups of people chatting and going in and out of the shops.
Our high streets were great community spaces.
Going to high streets now is very sad, however, because there is no life in them.
People are just going into the shops; one or two might gather to speak to each other, but that buzz has definitely gone.
However, North Tyneside Council developed a masterplan for the North Shields area, doing exactly what the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent South mentioned: bringing communities together to talk about what they want.
What has helped with that is that there has been funding.
North Shields has nearly £13 million for a transport hub and a new town square to transform the town, making it attractive and family-friendly again with a vibrant, high-quality high street feel.
The transport hub opened last September, and I was pleased to be there to see that happen.
It is amazing.
The money that helped transform it—the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent South will be able to mention this as an example—came from the transforming cities fund, which came via Transport North East with help from the North of Tyne Combined Authority and North Tyneside Council—as a proud former council member, I will never fail to sing the praises of the great Labour North Tyneside Council.
The transport hub is a major part of North Tyneside’s ambitious plan to improve North Shields.
What is really fantastic about the hub is the public toilets, which are a vital part of any town centre and high street.
In the past, because of antisocial behaviour, a lot of public toilets were closed, and shops do not always have toilets that people can use.
Some people with medical conditions really need to know that there will be a toilet in the vicinity when they go out.
I know someone with prostate cancer—this example is from my family experience—who carries a card that they can show to access a toilet, if no public toilets are available.
But people do not want to have to do that; they want a bit more dignity and not to have to search around for a toilet.
The new bus station’s toilet facilities are fantastic.
There are six individual cubicles, each with their own toilet and sink—everything is self-contained.
I take the bus from Wallsend to North Shields, and so far the facilities are being well maintained.
We might worry about what happens to such facilities in the town centre, but people are showing pride, and that is the key thing—the difference is that there is now pride in the town centre.