I do not intend to detain the House for long, but I will start by paying warm tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller) .
Since becoming chair of the CPA UK branch, she has spearheaded and forced this issue with Ministers in the strongest possible terms, including two or three—I cannot quite remember—Foreign Secretaries.
She has been at the forefront of this work.
One key reason why that work has been so important—the right hon.
Lady has spoken at length on that, as you just did, Mr. Speaker—is that it sends a message to the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association that the UK Government and this Parliament are listening to what member states are telling us.
I am privileged to serve as one of three representatives from the CPA British Islands and Mediterranean Region on the International Committee of the CPA.
There have been some very difficult conversations over the past two years I have served on that body, including in—this is not some travel guide, Mr Speaker, but it does come up frequently when you are travelling with the CPA—Gibraltar, Canada and, at our most recent CPA conference last  year, Ghana, where I and the force that is  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  were, quite rightly, cross-examined by nearly all member states of the CPA International about when the Bill will move forward.
I am delighted and slightly relieved that the various commitments that the hon.
Gentleman, the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke and I have been giving to that body for the past two years are now at least at the halfway mark.
Two-and-a-half years ago, we felt like we were nowhere, so in that context, the speed of the last few months has been wonderfully refreshing.
I pay tribute to the previous Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (James Cleverly) , and the current Foreign Secretary and the Minister in the Lords for their genuine engagement with the process.
One key element has been the ability of my own Front Bench and the Government to work cross-party on setting the standard, supporting the Commonwealth family and listening to the Commonwealth family of nations.
The Bill is about setting the CPA and the International Committee of the Red Cross on an equal footing with many other international organisations.
We are, in essence, simply catching up, but nevertheless it is crucial to how we as a Parliament, UK Government and official Opposition work with Commonwealth nations.
When doing those cross-examinations—I will put it like that —from member states, the key theme throughout has been that they would like the CPA International to remain in the UK.
There has been no animosity about its remaining in London, but what they wanted was the status issue resolved.
I recall an excellent conversation here with an Australian delegation, who talked about how they could help and work with the Government to try to ensure it was made very clear that member states across the world wanted the CPA International to remain in the UK.
This is a warmly welcomed Bill.
It sends the right message, which is genuinely very important.
When we head to Sydney later this year for the CPA International, we will now be able to say—all being well in the other place, of course, and I look forward to the Minister’s remarks—that we have delivered.
I do think that is genuinely important.
Finally, I pay tribute to you, Mr Speaker, because, as the right hon.
Lady said, I feel that you have personally moved mountains on a lot of this work.
It has been truly welcomed and valued by all of us in the CPA UK and by the CPA staff, both internationally and in the UK.
I always warmly welcome your support.