At this stage of proceedings, it is also important to acknowledge the extraordinary work of the Clerks of the House, and to thank them.
Their guidance and recognition of the Bill’s importance, combined with the support from the Government, have helped get the Bill to where it is today.
In particular, I say a huge thank you to Ms Anne-Marie Griffiths, the Clerk who has been advising us, for her assistance in getting the Bill to this stage.
I hope you will forgive me, Mr Speaker, for thanking you, too.
You have a very special place in the heart of the CPA, as does the Lord Speaker.
You are our joint presidents, and in your work, you support us enormously.
Two organisations are supported by this Bill.
I thank the International Committee of the Red Cross for its incredibly important work and for supporting me in the preparation of the Bill.
I know how much time and consideration its London delegation has put in, and Eve La Haye in the ICRC legal team in Geneva has also been heavily involved.
I thank all of them.
The unique international humanitarian mandate and mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross has been formally recognised by states in the Geneva convention and additional protocols.
The Bill will accord it a status or treatment in the UK equivalent to that of an international organisation, with the relevant privileges and immunities.
To date, more than 110 states have accorded the ICRC those relevant privileges and immunities, including all other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
The content of the Bill, and the conferral of relevant privileges and immunity to the ICRC in the UK, is critical to enabling it to continue to operate in the UK in accordance with its international mandate, maintaining its strict adherence to the principles of neutrality, impartiality and independence and its working method of confidentiality.
For more than two years, there has been intense work to get to this stage—it has been described as a labour of love.
None of it could have been accomplished without the esteemed individuals and organisations that I mentioned.
The perseverance from everyone is starting to be rewarded now, but there is much more to do.
I welcome the fact that the Bill and the amendments debated and agreed to in Committee have received cross-party support, again demonstrating the high regard and esteem in which both the CPA and ICRC are held not only in this place but throughout the country and internationally.
Members of a number of overseas Parliaments in particular have reiterated how important the Bill is.
We have listened and learned and gone forward with this historic legislation, which is now well on its way to putting in place such a fundamental change.
The Bill is integral to the CPA and the ICRC, as it provides the necessary powers for both organisations to be treated in a manner comparable with an international organisation, of which the United Kingdom, or His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, are a member.
Each organisation has its own role and constitutional arrangements.
That had to be—and is— reflected in the Bill.
Under certain clauses, secondary legislation can put in place the privileges and immunities that each organisation will need.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association element of the Bill will be widely and warmly welcomed by our fellow parliamentarians throughout the Commonwealth.
I recall that on my recent visit to Kenya, the Speaker of that Parliament reminded me how vital it is to the African region of the CPA to achieve this new status for the organisation.
Parliamentarians from Africa have long championed the need for this legislation and made the point that they want to continue to be part of the CPA because of the important work that it does, but they increasingly struggle to justify spending their taxpayers’ money with the CPA configured as a UK charity: a status that I believe we have long outgrown.
Concerns about the CPA’s status date back more than three decades.
If that can now be resolved, I believe that will serve to strengthen and renew the CPA’s mission, unity and sense of purpose.
I attended the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference in Ghana last October, where I saw once again the strength of feeling across the CPA membership about the status of our organisation.
Mr Speaker, last month you hosted Speakers and Presiding Officers from the Commonwealth in London for Commonwealth day, where you ensured that they were briefed about the progress that we are making on the Bill.
The response was extremely warm and positive: a collective sigh of relief that this issue might be reaching a solution.
I am mindful, however, that the Bill will need to pass through the other place to become an Act, so may I say once again that, without this legislation, there is a strong possibility that the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association would relocate its headquarters outside the UK?
By enacting the Bill, the UK can not only keep the CPA here but demonstrate our commitment to the Commonwealth itself in this, its 75th year.
I am delighted that key amendments were passed in Committee, the first of which recognises the unique and sensitive role of the ICRC, including visiting prisoners all around the world to help ensure their safety.
It allows for protected ICRC information to be exempt from disclosure requirements imposed by an order of court or tribunal proceedings, other than criminal proceedings.
The amendment is designed to protect information that the ICRC provides in confidence to His Majesty’s Government from being used in UK civil proceedings.
That is necessary, as the withholding of confidential information from public disclosure cannot otherwise be assured.
That reflects the ICRC’s standard working method of confidentiality, which is designed to protect not only its staff but its operations in active conflict zones.
That principle also underpins the ICRC’s ability to operate in dangerous locations on sensitive issues, engaging with both state and non-state actors.
Disclosure of confidential ICRC information could  damage its ability to perform its sensitive functions when negotiating with conflict parties, and it could put its staff and operations at risk.
There is a real risk and concern about ICRC information being used in legal proceedings—over the past 15 years, the ICRC’s confidentiality has been challenged some 20 times in the UK.
I tabled in Committee a probing amendment on the involvement of individuals in drawing up secondary legislation.
I did not press it to a vote, and I thank the Minister in Committee,  the hon.
Member for Aldershot (Leo Docherty) , for his extremely reassuring response to the debate on it.
The amendment sought to lay down a formal requirement on the Foreign Secretary to consult the chair of the UK branch and secretary-general of the CPA, and the president and director general of the ICRC, respectively, before finalising secondary legislation.