As I said, I would like to move on and concentrate my remarks on the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association because of the work that I have been delighted to undertake with that brilliant organisation.
As a one-term MP—I can confirm that I will be a one-term MP, because I am standing down at the next election—and as the MP for Cities of London and Westminster at this  point, I have been proud to support the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.
In fact, only this week I was honoured to speak to a delegation from the Malaysian Parliament, including His Excellency Johari Abdul, Speaker of the House of Representatives, as well as members of the House of Representatives’ special Select Committees and several parliamentary officials.
It was fascinating as usual to learn how similar our parliamentary procedures are, such as timetabling, where our model very much mirrors theirs.
That is barring the Malaysian Parliament’s provision in the procedures—you may be interested to learn this, Mr Speaker—for the Head of State to make a statement every morning.
It could be interesting to introduce that practice here in the Commons.
I am not sure whether His Majesty would like to come every day to make a speech.
I personally— Order.
Also, His Majesty is not allowed into the House of Commons.
I had forgotten that small point.
Maybe we should just move on.
The Malaysian version of the Procedure Committee— I am proud to sit on the UK’s Procedure Committee—is called the standing orders committee.
I was asked to speak to the Malaysian delegation about the procedures of the House of Commons—how business is tabled, the Standing Orders and my experience on the Procedure Committee.
What a week to be discussing the procedures of Parliament.
It was fortunate that I was able to use a certain Act, the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024, which we saw this week with its extended ping-pong, to demonstrate how the UK Parliament works in practice.
Does my hon.
Friend recognise not only that the work she does on the Procedure Committee helps shape this Parliament, but the importance of people visiting Parliament and seeing the procedures?
When we talk about the life of an MP when we go to local schools, they always ask us, “What’s a typical day in Parliament?”
It is so difficult to explain that, because there is no typical day in Parliament.
Some days we can finish at 5 o’clock; some days we can be sat here at midnight.
The work we do to teach others about the way this Parliament works and about our job on a day-to-day basis is so important.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and it was fascinating this week for the Malaysian delegation to sit in on Deputy Prime Minister’s questions.
It was quite a raucous episode this week, particularly given the first question.
I did not see the delegation afterwards, but I would have been interested to hear their views on our procedures for DPMQs.
In 2022, I was delighted to address delegates from the Isle of Man when I represented CPA UK.
I was able to discuss my experiences of managing parliamentary responsibilities, including Committee work, attendance in the Chamber, constituency work and personal commitments.
That goes back to the point my hon.
Friend just made: there is never a typical day in the life of an MP.
I can come into this place with my meetings for the day in my diary, and then all of a sudden there is an urgent question or a statement that I want to be part of and then my diary is completely changed.
It is a  fascinating job to do, and I am sure it is the same everywhere—from the conversations I have had with parliamentarians across the globe, parliamentary procedures are never one-size-fits-all.
I personally find meeting those delegations, whether in this country or abroad, very enlightening.
I encourage all Members of the House to work with the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association to meet, learn from and share insights with other parliamentarians from across the Commonwealth, although there will be many MPs who will not be coming back to this place because of retirement or whatever.
On the point about Members’ engagement, the hon.
Lady will know that I am privileged to be the treasurer of the CPA branch— the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  is the chair—and we spend a lot of time trying to encourage both longer-serving and newer Members not to be afraid of the CPA, but to come and take part in inward delegations and, ideally, engage in our work abroad.
My hope is that this Bill and this debate on the Floor of the House highlights again the successful work of the CPA that the hon.
Lady is cantering through, which hopefully means that Members now and Members after a general election will be encouraged to work with it.
Does she agree?
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Member.
It is very important that any candidate who is seeking to become a parliamentarian and is successful, whenever a general election may be, does get involved in the CPA once they arrive here.
It is an enlightening experience and it helps us as parliamentarians to be learning from others, not just in the United Kingdom, but across the globe.
It does feel as though my hon.
Friend and I have been here for a lifetime, but when we entered as new parliamentarians, one of the fears over engaging with the likes of the CPA was the public’s reflection on the travel and so on.
It is vital that we highlight in this Chamber how important it is for parliamentarians to be able to witness how Parliaments work in other parts of the world.
Does she agree that it is important that, through these debates, we continue to highlight the importance of the CPA, so that Members do not avoid engaging with the likes of the CPA through fear?
I completely agree.
Although this is the mother of all Parliaments—it has been here for a thousand years or more—we really should be able to learn from others.