As I am the youngest on our Benches —I am not 30 yet, thankfully—may I ask my hon.
Friend to explain how Grenada managed to get young people into its Parliament and also how they can feel they can stay in the job?
One of the problems young people, and all Members of Parliament, face is the rise in abuse on social media, which can strongly put people off entering this place.
People enter this place to do good things for their constituents, and that is not always reflected through our media and social media.
How are other Parliaments across the Commonwealth tackling that?
Order.
This debate is about the movement and transfer of the CPA.
I have got to be a little bit careful because other people may want to stretch the scope of other Bills when we do not want them stretched.
This is an important subject and the House is very supportive, but we must ensure that we stick within the terms of the Bill.
I just reiterate that I support the points my hon.
Friend has just made, because it is important that we make sure that the CPA is a force for good.
In the Cities of London and Westminster, the Commonwealth is right at home.
We are fortunate to host the international headquarters of the Commonwealth secretariat and the Commonwealth Foundation in  Marlborough House, and of course the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for the United Kingdom operates from here in the mother of all Parliaments.
My hon.
Friend is right to bring up the importance of the international secretariat being here right in the heart of Westminster, and that has enabled us to work with it as CPA UK and as the UK Parliament.
Around International Women’s Day, for example, we worked with it to deal with online abuse, which has just been raised.
We set up—as we can now with the advent of the widespread use of Teams and other facilities for online meetings—online training for women parliamentarians across the Commonwealth.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is just one example of how we can work as a team with the CPA, and how having it so close to us here in Parliament helps us effectively support its work in this way?
I absolutely agree.
That goes to the heart of the Bill—the status of the CPA and whether we can consolidate it.
We are just across the road from the Foreign Office, and this is about working together for the soft power element that the Government are focused on.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association works, as many here will know, to promote parliamentary democracy and good governance.
It is completely non-partisan.
I have thoroughly enjoyed meeting and getting to know parliamentarians from a wide range of countries and political parties.
Back in March last year, I was fortunate enough to be invited to be a member of the CPA UK delegation to the stunning island of Grenada in the Caribbean, where I was honoured to meet Prime Minister Dickon Mitchell.
That was my first trip for the CPA, and what a fascinating one it was.
I pay tribute to the CPA officer, Martin Vickery, who was outstanding on the trip, and I know that the Clerk at the Table, who was also there, will always remember it.
It was my first experience of the CPA in action.
Grenada had had the same Government and Prime Minister for 22 of the previous 27 years, but Dickon Mitchell defeated the incumbent, Keith Mitchell, who was seeking his sixth term, in the 2022 elections.
I wonder whether a Prime Minister had ever before succeeded another with the same surname.
The incumbent New National party had had all 15 seats in the Grenadian Parliament, but after the 2022 election, it was suddenly in opposition, as Dickon Mitchell’s National Democratic Congress took nine of the available seats.
The election brought about certain new challenges for the Parliament of Grenada, for the National Democratic Congress, which had no experience in government, and for the New National party, which had not been in opposition for decades.
That goes back to the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  about having new and young parliamentarians.
None of the MPs elected for the National Democratic Congress had ever been elected or even been in politics before —the Prime Minister, Dickon Mitchell, had been a solicitor—so it was fascinating for the CPA UK to be invited over to undertake a series of workshops on how to be scrutinised, and, equally importantly, on how to scrutinise.
I was joined on the trip by  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy) , and by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow  (Dr Cameron) , who was then a member of the Scottish National party at the time but has since defected to the Conservative party—although I would not take any credit for persuading her on the trip that she was a Conservative.
In Grenada, I also worked very closely with Leo Cato, the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Grenada, and with Dessima Williams, the President of the Senate of Grenada.
Dessima Williams is a former communist who was very much part of the revolution in Grenada in the early ’80s.
We—two women politicians from completely different sides of the political divide—bonded so incredibly well, and that underlines how important it is that the Bill secures the CPA’s status.
Ms Williams said to me as I left, “Only the CPA could bring a communist and a conservative together.”
I think that is a clear example of how parliamentarians, no matter their political persuasions, can put their political parties aside and work together for the greater good.
That is the extraordinary power that the CPA provides.
During my trip, I also met women’s rights campaigners, people working to improve disability rights and services and, very importantly, the Youth Parliament and climate change campaigners.
This goes back to what my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South said earlier.
We met the Youth Parliament, and they were outstanding young people who want to make a difference for their country.
As a women’s rights campaigner, I found it fascinating to talk to other campaigners who are working very hard to tackle violence against women and girls.
Our trip coincided with International Women’s Day, and I was privileged to be invited to make a speech at the Prime Minister’s event to over 100 Grenadian schoolgirls—although, I did not expect it to be aired live on Grenadian TV, which was an experience.
I was then delighted to welcome Speaker Cato and the President of the Senate, Dr Williams, to my constituency only a few weeks ago during the 75th anniversary of the Commonwealth of Nations celebrations, which were presided over by Mr Speaker.
My brilliant constituency team thoroughly enjoyed discussing with them the day-to-day work of an MP’s office, and heard how this differed from their experiences in some way but also mirrored them in others.
We were also joined by Chantelle de Jonge, a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, in Canada.
That is a clear example of how the CPA brings parliamentarians from across different countries together.
My hon.
Friend is talking eloquently and with a great deal of passion about her visit to Grenada.
Her visit was just one of a number of different delegations that the CPA UK sends out, thanks to the financial support of this place and the other place, to ensure that Members of Parliament can carry out the work and relationship development she mentions.
Does she agree that it is very important that Parliament continues to reiterate its support for CPA UK, given the good store that Members of Parliament set by it?
They feel very strongly about the work of the CPA; it is a real priority for parliamentarians.
The CPA must therefore continue to be a financial priority for Parliament.
I completely agree, which is why I am fully supportive of the objectives of the Bill.
I also agreed with  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  when she said in Committee that “this Bill creates equal partners in the Commonwealth, rather than the more outdated model where the UK takes the leadership”.––[Official Report, Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Public Bill Committee,  6 March 2024 ; c. 6.]
The Bill provides the necessary delegated legislation-making powers for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross to be treated in a manner comparable to an international organisation of which the UK is a member.
Due to the powers under the International Development Act 2002 and the International Organisations Act 1968, which is even older than I am, the Government have not been able to treat the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association or the International Committee of the Red Cross as international organisations to which they are party, because neither organisation is an intergovernmental organisation.
Instead, both have their own unique constitutional arrangements, reflecting their specific international priorities.
Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to establish special powers to enable the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross to operate in the United Kingdom.
It is welcome that the Bill is supported by parties from across the House.
It will provide the International Committee of the Red Cross with more protections for its work.
The Bill will ensure that the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association can continue to strengthen democracy and encourage cross-party work.
I look forward to supporting the Bill through its stages and once again congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke on her outstanding work to get us where we are today.