The Prime Minister is a good and caring man.
I am sure that he has reflected on things, and I understand that he will say something later today or perhaps even during these questions.
It is not just about Mr and Mrs Ghey that he should reflect on; I am sure he is also reflecting on people who are trans or who have trans loved ones and family, some of whom sit on these green Benches.
I hope the Leader of the Opposition will also reflect on his actions.
This Government have been right to protect the safety and dignity of women, and at each stage of doing so they have sought to bring certainty and assurance to trans people.
This Government are also right to hold the Opposition to account for their multiple inconsistencies and U-turns on their policy platform.
Today supposition has ended, and reality has landed about the Schrödinger £28 billion—a policy that for months and months has been both alive and dead, and is now confirmed as dead, at least for now.
There will be questions over whether the shadow Energy Secretary’s tenure in that role is also alive or dead.
“Politically, it’s strategically incompetent” as  the hon.
Member for Brent North (Barry Gardiner)  called this sorry saga, and that  description could also apply to Labour’s costings on its insulation programme and its council tax policy and modelling.
It is more confirmation that not only does Labour not have a plan, it has no hope of arriving at one either.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  asked me about risk-based exclusion, and we have tabled that motion on future business.
She knows that we will bring forward a debate and vote on that after recess, but I want Members of the House to have time to make themselves aware of the issue and to ask me, and other members of the House of Commons Commission, questions about it.
Regarding scrutiny of the Foreign Secretary, I am in touch with the Leader of the House of Lords about that matter
and I hope to update the House soon.
Finally, today marks the start of marriage and family week, and it is appropriate that we send a big thank you to all those who support us in this place and who quite often put up with a great deal.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
The Leader of the House knows that I am a member of the programme board on restoration and renewal, and she is the responsible Minister.
There is a debate due on the business case, and she might now tell the House when that will happen.
It is imminent.
We will also have a debate on whether we will have a decant, but not until 2025, and even if we do decant, that will not be until 2031, and I doubt I will personally live to see it, although I wish Members well with that project.
I do not want to get involved with whether we decant, but ask a specific question.
This matter has now dragged on since 2015 and could drag on until 2031.
Meanwhile, the building is decaying around us.
Three options were delivered to the Speaker’s Commission on this matter, and one is planned maintenance around us.
We have successfully done good work on parts of the building, and I urge the Leader of the House now—she might make an announcement on this—to press ahead with proper planned maintenance, so that we can repair the building and make it good for future generations.
May I start by thanking my right hon.
Friend and other colleagues for all the work they have done on the programme board?
The new governance structure—I hope Mr Speaker would concur—has enabled us to make good progress on getting a proper grip of what needs to happen to this building and the activity and costs associated with that.
We will bring forward further news to the House shortly on where we are with the plans and the programme, but that should not get in the way of concurrent activity.
He will know there are some early projects that we think we can get on with that are perfectly within the boundaries of the Parliamentary Buildings (Restoration and Renewal) Act 2019, and we should get on and do them.
I hope that the House will welcome a more pragmatic approach to taking care of this important UNESCO heritage site.