If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This week, the Government showed once again that we are on the side of Britain’s drivers.
New measures from our plan for drivers will make it simpler to charge electric cars, with schools and colleges receiving grants to boost charging and the release of the first payments from our £381 million levy fund.
We are also consulting on speeding up charge point installation.
We have a plan to decarbonise transport that is working.
The Labour party is in disarray.
Its leader,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , would ditch Labour’s flagship spending promise, despite only committing to it on Tuesday.
The hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  must feel uncomfortable, having said weeks ago that it was very important.
It is not the first time that she has been in that position.
She said a month ago that cancelling phase two of HS2 would make transport worse; the  very same day, the leader of the Labour party overruled her and agreed with the Prime Minister’s plan.
Labour has no plan, no direction, no clue— Order.
Just a second, Secretary of State.
You know that you have no responsibility for the Opposition, and I am sure that you would not want to take it on as part of your portfolio.
I need to get through topical questions.
I am pleased to hear about the Secretary of State’s plans, but does he have a plan to deal with some of the apparent traffic jams in responding to consultations on private Members’ legislation in his Department?
In 2020, the consultation on pavement parking closed.
Pavement parking causes huge problems for guide dogs, wheelchair users and everybody else.
When will we have a response to that?
On the Parking (Code of Practice) Act 2019, introduced by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Yorkshire (Sir Greg Knight) , when will we see the plans to cut down on cowboy parking enforcement companies?
When will that traffic jam be eased?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising those issues.
We will come out with a response on pavement parking very shortly.
I cannot give him a specific date.
On roadworks generally, we will consult on plans to improve the measures that stop utility companies causing roadworks to overrun, putting more pressure on them to ensure that our roads can keep moving, to support drivers.