What does the Secretary of State think that it says about the performance standards in the contracts that he signed with failing operators that senior executives at Avanti, whose cancellations now run at 17%, could boast about the “free money” from the taxpayer that is “too good to be true”?
Two things: first, Avanti does not have any money under the performance regime, because it has not delivered appropriate enough quality, demonstrating that we pay only for good performance.
On the specific issue that the hon.
Lady raises, the Rail Minister and I raised that with Avanti.
Senior executives at FirstGroup agreed with us that those comments were appalling, and they are taking steps to deal with that issue within the company.
They were disgraceful comments from Avanti, but the problem goes to the contracts that the Secretary of State is signing with such failing operators.
Last year, Govia Thameslink failed on every single performance measure at its stations, but rather than enforcing the standards in the contract and demanding better, he lowered them so that Govia would still potentially receive its bonus and performance fee, at a potential cost of millions to the taxpayer.
Is that not the perfect symbol of the Conservatives’ broken rail network: failure rewarded, and passengers and taxpayers paying the price?
It absolutely is not.
The hon.
Lady referred to Avanti West Coast, I gave her the answer to the question on Avanti and then she just repeated  something that simply was not the case.
According to the service quality regime under which Avanti West Coast operates, it has not received any payments, because it has not been hitting the quality targets—[Interruption.]
If she would listen to my answer, Avanti has not hit the quality targets, so that is exactly the performance regime working.
The Cumbrian Coast railway is vital to the energy coast, for both passengers and freight.
I welcome the extra funding and services that Network North will bring, but could the Rail Minister update me on the latest progress?
I would be delighted to update my hon.
Friend.
She will know that the upgrade of the energy coast line was one of the commitments in the Network North document.
The Department is now working closely with Network Rail and local stakeholders to revisit the scope of the interventions, which were presented in the 2022 outline business case, and we expect that work to conclude later this year.