I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s best wishes to His Majesty the King.
During my time in this House, I have worked alongside victims and survivors of the Rotherham child sexual exploitation scandal.
Following the scandal, Rotherham council set very high standards for its taxi drivers, including installing CCTV in cabs and requiring national vocational qualification level 3 on child safeguarding.
Those standards are being undercut by the Government’s deregulation of taxi standards, and nothing the Minister has set out this morning will stop that.
Does he not agree that the Government’s position is putting the safety of women and girls at risk?
Is it not time for robust legislation and national minimum standards to protect them?
With respect, on  27 April 2023  a new law came into force that requires licensing authorities in England to use a database to record refusals, suspensions and revocations made on safeguarding or road safety grounds.
The new requirements mean that individuals who are not fit and proper to hold a taxi or private hire vehicle licence will be unable to apply for a licence with other authorities without that authority being made aware of past safety concerns.
That change will help to protect passengers, including women and girls, as well as the reputation of the majority of drivers, from those who are unfit to hold that office.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of bus services.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of bus service levels in England.
The Government are providing the largest public investment in buses for a generation, providing more than £4.5 billion-worth of services in England outside London since 2020, as we rebuilt post covid.
My constituents are deeply concerned about the proposed cuts to the 78, 79 and 200 bus routes linking villages and towns in Bedfordshire.
That is in the context of the Government’s own latest bus statistics, which show that in the last decade the bus sector in England outside London lost 15,000 workers and had around 600 million fewer annual bus passenger journeys.
The Government’s bus strategy, published in 2020, is not reversing that decline.
Will they commit to reversing the ideological ban on municipal bus companies and ensure that all local authorities get sufficient funding to deliver the bus services our communities need?
The hon.
Lady seems to have forgotten the covid pandemic.
The number of local bus passenger journeys in England increased by half a billion—that is 19%—in the financial year ending March 2023.
Her local authority received extra BSIP-plus—bus service improvement plans—funding of £19 million.
I urge her bus operators to sign up to the £2 bus fare, which has been transformational across the country in raising bus numbers.
Would the Minister be as surprised as I was to learn that, of the £3.722 million long-term BSIP Government cash given to Blackburn with Darwen Council, only £180,000—less than 5% of the entire budget—is being spent in the town of Darwen?
It is all very well for the Minister to give money to councils such as Blackburn with Darwen, but will he ensure that it is spent fairly among the populations they represent?
My right hon.
Fried makes a very good point.
This is money that the Government give to ensure that communities across a particular constituency receive support.
It should not be solely focused on one area.
I will take up that point and write to the local authority myself.
Bus mileage has dropped by just 5% in London since 2010, yet astonishingly it has fallen by more than 30% in the north-east, as the Minister will know.
Kim McGuinness, Labour’s candidate for North East Mayor, is keen to fix that as a priority, if elected in May.
Is it not beyond time to let local communities have power and control of their own local bus services?
Clearly, that we are to have a regional Mayor for the North East is good news, but I did not think the hon.
Lady would be celebrating the fact that  she has a disastrous police and crime commissioner as her candidate and that the previously Labour Metro Mayor of North of Tyne is now running as an independent against the Labour party.
However, it is without a shadow of a doubt the “best-funded devolution deal in the country.”
Those are not my words, but those of the previously Labour Mayor.
I genuinely believe we are building back better post covid, with enhanced bus company usage in circumstances where the £2 bus fare is making a huge difference.