What assessment he has made of the impact of the rise in rail fares on passenger numbers since 2010.
Since 2010, regulated fares across Great Britain have decreased by around 7% compared with the retail prices index.
The Government continue to intervene to keep fares affordable, and to encourage travel, by capping increases below inflation and delivering initiatives such as the second great British rail sale.
We have to strike a balance between encouraging passengers to use our rail network and supporting the rail industry to get back on a good financial footing as it continues to deal with a revenue shortfall following the pandemic.
For a period last year, Urmston train station in my constituency was one of the country’s 10 worst performing train stations for service reliability.
Given the level of service experienced by my constituents who use Urmston and other stations on the line, why are they set to face an inflation-busting fare increase in March?
If we take the current year’s fares as an example, we delivered the biggest Government intervention on rail fares since privatisation by capping fare increases at 5.9%, which was 6.4 percentage points below the July RPI.
It is all about striking a balance, and I believe that balance is a fair one.
In the last three years, the UK taxpayer has contributed £45.9 billion to keep the railways going.
This year’s figure of 4.9% is, again, below inflation.
It cannot be  that bad, because Labour-run Wales has done exactly the same.
It is better than Scotland, where the SNP has put up fares by 8.7%.
If a person were to get a train from Market Rasen to London later this morning, not only would they be hit by a hefty rail fare, as we all know, but, worse, it would take them over three hours and two changes.
My hon.
Friend has repeatedly promised me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cleethorpes (Martin Vickers)  that he will give us a through train to London.
I understand that he has now approved that—he can confirm it today—but it is held up on the desk of the Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
We do not want some bean counter in the Treasury stopping our train.
I fear a career-limiting response.
My right hon.
Friend’s campaign is strong, and he is absolutely right that it has this team’s support; I am sure that it will have support across Government.
It is currently being looked at, and I hope to be able to give him and his colleagues good news.