The Secretary of State seems to have forgotten the extensive cuts to the road repair budget that his Government have presided over.
Let us consider the example of Northamptonshire, where the Government have cut £16 million from highways maintenance since 2020 alone.
That is leaving 330,000 potholes unfilled.
He knows that the Network North announcement will give Northamptonshire back only £2.5 million of that £16 million over the next two years.
As for Wellingborough, the last time Peter Bone mentioned road repairs was in 2015.
After 14 years of neglect by the Conservative Government and their former Conservative MP, is not the best advice for people in Wellingborough who want action on potholes to vote for Labour’s Gen Kitchen next Thursday?
It will not surprise the hon.
Gentleman to hear that I do not agree with him at all.
Before the Network North announcement, the Government were already investing over £5.5 billion of capital funding in highways maintenance between 2021 and 2024-25, and in the Budget last year, the Chancellor found an extra £200 million for eligible highways authorities.
The £8.3 billion is on top of that, so I would urge voters in Wellingborough to vote for our fantastic candidate, Helen Harrison, who will make a fantastic Member of Parliament to serve on the Government side of the House.
What steps he is taking to help ensure the safety of vulnerable road users.
In January 2022, the Government updated the highway code to improve road safety for people walking, cycling and riding.
The changes aimed to make a positive shift in road-user behaviour, by  making road users aware of their responsibility to use roads safely and to reduce the dangers they may pose to others.
The Government’s flagship multimillion-pound road safety campaign, THINK!, also plays a crucial part in reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.
Are the Minister and his team aware that our country, once known to be one of the best places in the world for road safety, is now, after 14 years of neglect, no targets—in fact, there is a hatred of targets—and little enforcement, a very dangerous place to be a vulnerable road user?
When will this Government wake up and start doing something about that?
With no disrespect to the hon.
Gentleman, who I like as a person, he is simply wrong.
In the last year, ending June 2023, there was a decline of 9% in fatalities compared to the year ending June 2022.
Look at the specific measures taken: we have toughened up the driving test, made the highway code more robust and introduced tougher criminal sentences.
Those are the actions of a Government who are listening and taking action.
Whether the Office of Rail Regulation has identified unused rail network capacity for open-access services.
The Office of Rail and Road has been working with Network Rail and the Department for Transport to identify unused access rights.
That work will support the release of under-used capacity on the rail network, which may then be used by potential operators in the development of open-access proposals.
It is great to hear that there is work under way, but I notice that my hon.
Friend did not say how far it had got.
I know that he understands that this is a huge opportunity to improve our over-subsidised, post-pandemic railways, so that passengers can get a better deal, but if we do not move faster it will slip through our fingers.
The only people who are happy with the status quo are middle-aged men who want to carry on playing with trains at the expense of taxpayers, and the Labour party, which wants to run rail for the benefit of rail unions rather than passengers, so please can we get on with this a lot faster?
I thought he was referring to me with that “middle-aged man” point, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are working at pace.
Since we met in November with the team, which included my hon.
Friend, to see what further we could do, we have written to operators to clarify that unused access rights should be released.
With regard to Department for Transport operators, we have hundreds of unused access rights that we have identified for release.
We also talked about speeding up the entire decision-making process, and the ORR and Network Rail now have a draft service level agreement to do that.
I will write to him with more detail, but a lot has happened in the last month.
What discussions he has had with Transport for London on its use of Government funding.
Transport in London is devolved to the Mayor of London.
Since 2020, the Government have given TfL £6.6 billion of funding to support transport services.
It is the responsibility of the Greater London Authority to hold the Mayor and Transport for London to account.
The Department is in regular contact with TfL and monitors its finances in accordance with the terms of our funding settlement letters.
Clearly, the £6.6 billion to subsidise TfL came with strings attached, including raising fares in line with the rest of England.
No sooner did the last instalment of the money arrive than the Mayor managed to find £30 million to pay off the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, which threatened strike action, storing up problems for the next negotiations.
He then found £120 million so that he does not have to raise fares in line with the rest of England.
He has now come up with a crazy policy of reduced fares on Fridays, without having talked to anyone before introducing it.
Will my right hon.
Friend have a meeting with the Labour Mayor of London and ensure the money provided by the Department is used for the benefit of Londoners?
My hon.
Friend is right: it is important that the money is used for the benefit of Londoners.
We have provided very significant support, as I have set out, but it has not stopped the Mayor of London from putting up taxes on the poorest motorists, with the extension of his ultra low emission zone scheme to outer London.
Rather than my having a meeting with him, the best way to hold the Mayor of London to account is for voters in London to vote for Susan Hall and kick him out.
What steps he is taking to increase transport connectivity across north Yorkshire.
Because of the Prime Minister’s decision, Network North will see £19.8 billion of extra transport investment in the north of England, including a brand new £2.5 billion fund to transform local transport in 14 rural counties, smaller cities and towns in every part of the north outside the big city regions.
This is in addition to what has already been committed through the integrated rail plan and the £11 billion TransPennine route upgrade.