Will she also confirm that the Government will make a statement as soon we are back on progress in exonerating victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal, and that it is still the intention of the Government to bring forward legislation to exonerate victims?
We are getting a written ministerial statement today on infected blood, yet time and again she has promised oral statements to update the House.
The business she has announced is not exactly going to fill all the days, so surely she can find time for these important matters.
This week, we saw the launch of the Popular Conservatives, who apparently have not heard of irony or oxymorons.
They are headed by  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , the least popular Prime Minister in the history of British polling.
I know the Leader of the House is a fan, but in the six weeks she was in office she managed to totally crash the economy.
Who exactly do they think they are popular with: mortgage holders coming out of fixed rates and now paying hundreds of pounds more a month, shoppers seeing the prices of food and essentials soar, or renters seeing massive hikes?
Let us be honest: poll after poll shows there is absolutely nothing popular about the current Conservative party, although I did notice that the Leader of the House herself ranks as the most popular Conservative with voters.
So maybe she could offer the Popular Conservatives some advice: show some contrition for the economic mess they have caused and stay off the airwaves.
Perhaps more sombrely, the Prime Minister has this week made some serious misjudgments.
On Monday, he shook hands on a bet to deport migrants to Rwanda before the next general election.
Betting on people’s lives was grim to watch, and the ease with which the Prime Minister agreed to a £1,000 bet when so many are suffering through the Conservative cost of living crisis was a gross spectacle.
Does the Leader of the House think betting about the plight of desperate people is a good advert for her Government?
In that interview, the Prime Minister also inferred that the Leader of the Opposition was a terrorist sympathiser.
Actually, when he was the Director of Public Prosecutions, my right hon.
and learned Friend oversaw the first convictions of senior members of al-Qaeda, the jailing of the airline liquid bomb plotters and the deportation of countless terrorists.
All the while, the Prime Minister was making money as a hedge funder in the City during the global financial crisis, as ordinary people paid the price.
I know who I would rather have in charge.
Only last week, we agreed in here that civility, respect, decency and truth in politics matter, so will the Leader of the House distance herself from such malicious mud-slinging?
This week, in Prime Minister’s Question Time, we hit a new low.
In the week of the first anniversary of the murder of Brianna Ghey and while her mother was in the Public Gallery, the Prime Minister tried to score cheap political points at the expense of trans people, which Brianna’s father condemned as “absolutely dehumanising”.
Many of us found it deeply offensive and distasteful, including many Government Members.
The Prime Minister has been given plenty of opportunity to apologise to Esther Ghey and her family, and has refused, while the Minister for Women and Equalities, whose job it is to stand up for the marginalised, doubled down and dismissed the cries of the family.
The Leader of the House has a better record than many in her party on this issue, and I know she will be appalled, too.
So will she take this opportunity to apologise on the Prime Minister’s behalf, and call out using minorities as a political punchbag?
We are about to go into recess, and I think it is restorative to spend time with our constituents, and to escape the Westminster and social media bubble.
Since Parliament returned this year, we have witnessed the nation rally behind a group of people mightily wronged, who took on those in powerful positions to  fight to get justice for themselves and others.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the Post Office Horizon scandal.
She will know that there is a debate this afternoon, and I am sure that the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , will take the opportunity to update the House on progress made towards that legislation.
I confirm that that is still our intent.
I also know that the Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen) , is working at pace with regard to infected blood.
I understand he had a meeting with  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  about that earlier this week.
We have also seen the crew of the Prince of Wales aircraft carrier cancel plans, leave, and time with their loved ones to do their duty.
We have learned that thanks to the graft and grit of the British people and businesses, our economy has turned a corner.
We have seen our monarch respond to his cancer diagnosis, as many other Brits have, with courage, duty and cheerfulness, and with family rallying around, and I thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks and good wishes, as well as all Members and the British public who have sent their best wishes to His Majesty.
We have also seen a mother meeting the brutal murder of her child with the most profound grace and compassion, turning her anguish into positive action to protect other children.
And we have seen a father speak about how the love for his child enabled him to overcome his worries about them being trans.
Those are the things that our nation is made of: compassion, fairness, tolerance, responsibility, service, and love.
We see those things every day in the people who sent us here, and we look on them with pride.
Sometimes that pride is reciprocated, as I am sure it was for my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Elliot Colburn)  in what he said yesterday.
Sometimes that pride is not reciprocated.
Whatever the rough and tumble of this place, and whatever the pressures and mistakes that are made in the heat of political combat, we owe it to the people who sent us here to strive every day to make them proud of us and this place.