May I associate myself with the shadow Leader of the House’s comments about Brianna Ghey and her remarkable parents?
Last week, I asked the Leader of the House about the cost of the Tories’ secret and highly sensitive report to Cabinet on the state of the Union.
Hansard records that not one word of her answer reflected my question—not one syllable.
Instead, she read out to the Chamber a video script about bingo and made a joke about monkeys.
The week before, I asked the Leader of the House about the Electoral Commission’s concerns over Tory voter ID plans.
Again, there was not one word in Hansard about Tory voter ID—not a peep.
Instead, she read her prepared script attacking the SNP.
In fact, Hansard reveals that week after week, not only do my questions go unanswered, but they are completely ignored.
Week after week, we get a clickbait video for her personal YouTube channel.
Surely that behaviour demeans her office and disrespects this House.
She is here to answer questions from Members.
Returning to that state of the Union report to Cabinet in July 2020, it aimed to undermine the Scottish Government and the Scottish independence cause, which were apparently a Tory top priority at the height of the pandemic.
It came to light last week, and no wonder the Leader of the House’s Government wanted to keep it under wraps.
It contains more grim news for any remaining supporters of the Union.
My questions again are: how much did it cost taxpayers, what was its purpose, and what strategy was it asking the Cabinet to endorse?
Do the Union strategy and operations committees still exist?
While she is at it, I would be pleased to know the details of the “highly professional attack dogs”, as described by one journalist, who were employed around that time in an attempt to counter independence support.
Unlike the Prime Minister, I am not a betting woman, but I would wager £1,000 that I will not get answers to those today, either.
I will be writing to the Leader of the House with all the questions she has ignored just this year for starters.
My question today, though, just needs a simple yes or no, and I challenge her then to sit back down and resist the video script.
Will she at the very least attempt to find answers to my questions when she receives them in writing, as she refuses to do so here?
Can we have a debate on the role and function of the Leader of the House?
The hon.
Lady can have a debate on the role and function of the Leader of the House every Thursday at approximately 10.30 am.
I hope it is colleagues’ experience that when they ask me questions, I either furnish them with answers if it is about the business of the House or I follow up with Departments and write to them.
I am afraid that, as Hansard will show, her questions to me and to various Departments are sometimes hard to fathom.
The hon.
Lady asked me about a particular piece of polling.
I can certainly write to the Cabinet Office, although she indicated that she may kindly save me the trouble; in that case, I will just send her letter to the Cabinet Office for it to respond to her.
But it comes in a week when the Scottish Government’s own costs for polling have been exposed.
I hope that hon.
Members disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment that I demean my office, although that is high praise indeed from the Scottish National party—I think my party has some way to go before we reach 22 live police investigations.
While it may be true  that those who live in Labour areas are 40% more likely to be a victim of crime, I think SNP politicians are probably 40% more likely to be investigated for one.
I do not need to join the new organisation pointed out by the shadow Leader of the House because, as my friends the hon.
Members for Wansbeck (Ian Lavery), for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone) and for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) know, I am already popular and conservative.
Will the Leader of the House organise a statement on pernicious political correctness?
Mr Speaker, you will be as surprised as I was to note that the Environment Agency has removed the words “mother” and “father” from all its documents because it believes they should be non-gendered.
My dear mother, looking down from a greater place, will be spinning in her grave to have been designated non-gender.
Can we have a debate on that?
It sounds like nonsense, but it is actually much more sinister.
Free speech is at stake.