A recent report by London Councils found that Wandsworth is one of the boroughs worst affected by falling pupil roll numbers, with a 12% drop in demand for reception places.
Many parents in Battersea have shared with me their concerns about their children’s education.
It is vital that the Government ensure that every local area has excellent, financially viable schools.
May we have a statement on how they will address the fall in pupil roll numbers?
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Education has heard what the hon.
Lady says, and I will draw her attention to that report.
I think that is how I can best serve the hon.
Lady today.
In the midst of a cost of living crisis of his own making, the Prime Minister this week placed a £1,000 bet with a TV presenter.
What message does that send to our constituents, many of whom are struggling to pay their bills?
The hon.
Lady accuses the Prime Minister of causing a cost of living crisis.
She knows that the pandemic had knock-on effects because of the spending we had to do, including on the furlough scheme, which the Prime Minister designed when he was Chancellor.
That scheme kept people, families and businesses going throughout that period and enabled us to make a swifter economic recovery than many comparable nations.
The Prime Minister is not responsible for the war in Ukraine or any of the other geopolitical and global shocks we have to endure, which are causing  financial pressure on the nation and on households.
During this time, we felt it right to stand up an enormous package of support for households to alleviate the cost of living.
More than £100 billion, and growing, has gone towards supporting people, which shows that this Government understand what they are going through and will do everything we can to support them.
The Leader of the House may not know this, but when I first received my cancer diagnosis just after the last election, I thought it was the end of the world; that I would be unable to carry on my job of representing the people of Huddersfield, and doing all the stuff I love about being an active parliamentarian.
May we have a debate in the House on how cancer treatment has changed dramatically because of science, technology and the wonderful care from the NHS, including the wonderful team at Guy’s and St Thomas’s?
Whether it is immuno- therapy or robotic surgery, which I had, the world is now much brighter than it had been for people diagnosed with cancer.
In a way, I want to send a message to His Majesty that it is not the end of the world.
I have had a very active life since my diagnosis, and I can still make myself a real pain to Mr Speaker and my colleagues in the House of Commons.
May we have a debate on how things have changed?
Let us give a little good news to His Majesty.