I apologise for the disruption to normal service: my hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire North (Gavin Newlands)  is on Committee business, so the House will have to put up with a spokesperson replacement service this morning.
Last October, peak fares were scrapped across Scotland’s railways for six months.
That has been extended to nine months, until the end of June.
As a result, ScotRail services are 4% busier and demand has shifted across the service day.
Meanwhile, Department for Transport-owned London North Eastern Railway has pushed up prices for thousands of tickets in the name of simplification, in some cases costing passengers going to and from Scotland hundreds of pounds extra.
Will the Minister look to the lessons that Scotland has learned from scrapping peak fares, and apply that policy across Anglo-Scottish services?
I am delighted to talk about things that are being scrapped, because perhaps we can shift towards rail freight.
The SNP budget has just been set.
Mode shift revenue support has always been given to rail freight, to move freight from road to rail, but the SNP Scottish Government have just announced that they are axing that subsidy.
Not only that, but for the year to come, the cross-border subsidy between Scotland and the rest of Great Britain is being scrapped, too.
We stand by the rail freight subsidy, so we will fund the Scottish element.
What are the Scottish Government doing?
They talk about decarbonisation while shifting more freight on to the roads, because they refuse to support rail freight.
That is an absolute shocker.
That, along with the 8.7% increase in fares and the £80 million cut to ScotRail, means that the hon.
Gentleman is in no place to lecture anyone when it comes to rail.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
As part of the Network North plan, the Government are providing a record funding increase of £8.3 billion for local highway maintenance in England over the next decade to enable local highways authorities to resurface roads up and down the country.
Over that period, Nottinghamshire will get £138.44 million of additional funding over and above what it would have received.
In the current financial year, most highways authorities in England will get 30% more funding than they did in the previous year.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer, and for the billions that have been redirected to the midlands for road repairs from HS2.
Conservative-controlled Nottinghamshire County Council, in difficult financial circumstances, is endeavouring to spend millions, beyond its regular highways budget, on road repairs.
May I impress on him that this remains perhaps the top issue raised with me in my inbox?
Will he bear that in mind, particularly when he has his conversations with the Treasury?
Will he join me in my campaign to carry on fixing Gedling’s roads?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue, and for pointing out how effective Nottinghamshire County Council is in spending the £2.3 million that it is getting this year and will get next year; this is revolutionary long-term funding.
Interestingly, this is happening because we have a plan, not just for delivering better roads, but for paying for that.
Having a plan for delivering and paying for things is important, as the Labour party is finding out today; it has no plan and no way to pay.
May I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks wishing His Majesty the King a speedy recovery?
Potholes in Broxtowe are incredibly bad; my constituents raise this issue all the time.
The ongoing situation has been compounded by multiple recent flooding events in Nottinghamshire, which have resulted in five times more damage to our roads than has occurred in other years.
My office gets calls and emails constantly about this plight, from constituents in Beeston, Stapleford, Strelley, Nuthall and Kimberley, to name a few of the areas I am contacted about.
This week, I met my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley) , the leader of Nottinghamshire County Council, to raise this issue.
What more are the Government doing to work with local councils to tackle potholes in Broxtowe?
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  raised the issue of flood damage with me as well, and we are looking at what we can do.
I am glad that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  raised the issue of the importance of funding for improving local roads.
We made a big decision on that, and improving the road network over time and allowing local authorities to spend that money shows an important sense of priorities.
We are also making sure that reporting requirements are in place, so that  highways authorities have to set out to the people to whom they are accountable what they are spending the money on.
The pothole situation is a metaphor for what the Government have been doing with public investment in the past 14 years.
The roads have got worse and worse, with the Automobile Association describing October as the worst month for pothole breakdowns on our roads.
If the Government were really concerned about this issue, they would not have starved local authorities of the resources to deal with the problem.
Is that not correct?
No, I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman on that at all.
We have given local authorities more than £5 billion of funding for local road maintenance.
The £8.3 billion in the Network North plan is over and above that.
I would have thought he would welcome the fact that when we announced the money for local road maintenance, I decided that in London, 95% of that extra funding would go to London councils, rather than Transport for London, so that it gets spent on fixing the roads, rather than being wasted by the Mayor of London.