When the Prime Minister made the decision to scrap HS2, the Department for Transport said that the plan would “lead to increased capacity on the west coast mainline.”
That is not correct, is it?
I have a leaked document from the Minister’s own officials that proves it.
In it, they  admit that the decision will mean fewer seats than today, with Glasgow and Manchester badly hit, and because HS2 trains cannot tilt, they will be even slower than current trains.
Does he not owe it to the north finally to admit that?
Does he accept that he will be the high-speed rail Minister who left behind slower trains and fewer seats?
Obviously, we do not comment on documents that may or may not have been leaked.
What I can say is that the HS2 train design has always had capacity for 500 seats; if the trains had doubled up to 400 metres in length, the capacity would, of course, be 1,000 seats.
The Network North document committed half a billion pounds to look at unlocking further capacity.
Let us be quite clear that the 140 miles of HS2 being built to Birmingham will reduce the journey times not only to Birmingham, but to Manchester by another 27 minutes, and to Liverpool by 26 minutes.
As far as the tilting is concerned, as the Department made clear to the Public Accounts Committee, we are looking at where those speeds can still be achieved on the west coast main line without the need to tilt.
What steps he is taking to ensure consistent standards of taxi licensing across local authorities.
What steps he is taking to ensure consistent standards of taxi licensing across local authorities.
What steps he is taking to ensure consistent standards of taxi licensing across local authorities.
The Department for Transport issues guidance to licensing authorities in England to help them regulate the sector, including the statutory taxi and private hire vehicle standards and the best practice guidance, updated in November 2023.
Last year the Government enacted legislation requiring licensing authorities in England to use a national database to share information, in order to prevent drivers who have lost their licence from applying to other authorities that would not know about their previous wrongdoing.
Local taxi drivers in Barnsley are having their prices undermined by cross-border taxi drivers who do not have to abide by the same regulatory measures.
Local councils have no jurisdiction over out-of-borough hires, and concerns have been raised about differences in the training and safety precautions required.
The Labour party has committed to action.
When will the Government do the same?
There is already a database and already a duty on local authorities to share information.
Licences can be taken away in the particular circumstances the hon.
Lady identifies.
Taxis and private hire vehicles are a very personal service, and it is important for customers that both the vehicles and the drivers have proper safety  checks, so that if things go wrong they can take a complaint to the licensing authority.
The problem is that when that authority is 100 miles away in Wolverhampton, the system simply does not work.
When will the Minister legislate to ensure that journeys can be made in a licensed vehicle only when they either take place or finish in the licensing authority area?
With the greatest respect to the hon.
Gentleman, we have already brought in changes to the rules that mean that individual authorities can take action against an individual operating in another authority, which is something I think he should welcome.
As we have heard from colleagues, the cross-border issue remains a real problem right across the country.
We have the additional problem of the potentially changed relationship between operators and drivers, which is highlighted by the press campaigns about the possible imposition of VAT on private hire journeys.
Does all this not show that the Department should have modernised taxi and private hire legislation ages ago, rather than waiting for companies such as Uber to drive a coach and horses through regulations that were, frankly, written in the time of coaches and horses?
I would not refer to regulations written in 2020 and updated in 2023 as written in the time of coaches and horses—perhaps the hon.
Gentleman should check his history.
On the Uber case that he rightly identifies, that is clearly a court case that the Government have to address and will therefore consult on thereafter.