I respect the Leader of the House, and I note that there is a written ministerial statement today, but what the House needs is an oral statement from the Cabinet Office Minister so that we can ask questions about what the Government are doing.
I also want to raise a separate issue: the devolution deal that is being consulted on in my area of East Yorkshire and Hull.
Apparently, we are to receive an extra £13.3 million a year over 30 years, shared between the two councils in the area.
Constituents have pointed out to me that the Government’s economic development deal with Rwanda averages about £54 million a year over five years.
They are wondering why the Government are putting that amount of money into Rwanda, given that they were elected in 2019 on the basis of a policy of levelling up, and why my area is receiving so much less.
Let me first thank the right hon.
Lady for her kind remarks about me, and say to her that the feeling is entirely mutual.
She will know that I keep in close contact with the Paymaster General regarding infected blood, and I will ensure that he has heard what she has said today.
I understand that he met her this week, and I know that the whole House will want to be kept informed and updated about the progress that he is making.
I will also ensure that those at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have heard what the right hon.
Lady has said about the devolution deal.
Such deals are a vital tool, along with the many other sources of funding that we are putting into communities that need it and will do something good with it.
However, as she will know, the devolution deal is not the only source of the funds that her constituents will receive: they will be getting many more streams of funding in many other areas and from many other Departments.
However, the Government have a finite amount of money, and it is important that we are directing it to where we want to spend it and alleviating pressures on public services that we do not want to see.
Where we have porous borders and people—for example, economic migrants who are not fleeing persecution—are for understandable reasons abusing our asylum system, we need to close those loopholes.
The Rwanda scheme is designed to be a deterrent, and if it is stood up and successful it will benefit the right hon.
Lady’s constituents.
For some time I have noticed a growing sense of frustration among Members who ask a question and are given an answer that bears no relation to it.
It is as if Ministers are applying some sort of Jedi mind trick to suggest that this is not the question they were looking to ask.
Will the Leader of the House arrange for a statement to be made on what steps the Government will take to ensure that Ministers actually answer the questions that they are asked?
I think that when one is presented with a question like that, it is quite hard to answer it.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to furnish me with some examples—any examples—of where that is happening, I will of course respond to them.
This is business questions, so his question is in order, but I would point out to him that it is actually quite difficult to answer.
I want to pay tribute to my constituent Loyd, who is in the Public Gallery this morning.
He is a remarkable young man.
Every time the Ellesmere Port Wombles have a litter-pick he is there, come rain or shine.
I also want to record my appreciation of another young constituent, Heidi, who is nine years old and who, on Sunday, will complete her cycle ride—the equivalent of London to Paris—to raise funds for Alzheimer’s Research UK and Macmillan Cancer Support.
She has already raised nearly £6,000, which is a fantastic achievement.
There are so many other young people in my constituency and, I am sure, every other Member’s constituency who do fantastic things for their communities and for good causes.
May we please have a debate to celebrate the great work that our young people do?