Recent statistics show that the Bee Network is already making a daily difference for bus passengers across Greater Manchester, with an 8% rise in patronage in the first month of franchising alone and more bus services running on time than before.
Liverpool and West Yorkshire are now following in Greater Manchester’s footsteps and exploring their own franchising plans to revolutionise local transport for thousands of residents.
Does the Minister agree with Labour’s plan to give every local authority, not just Metro Mayors, the same freedom to take back control of their own bus services?
If not, what does he say to the millions of people whose bus routes are being so badly cut back under this tired Tory Government?
Does it not prove that while the Conservatives dither, Labour delivers?
With respect, the number of bus journeys in England increased by half a billion to 3.4 billion in the financial year ending March 2023, and that happened because of massive Government funding, which has effectively doubled since 2009.
The hon.
Gentleman is actually lauding something that is funded by this Government.
It is unquestionably the case that we have allowed certain local authorities and Mayors to engage in franchising—something we introduced—but there has to be a way of paying for it, and it has been demonstrated repeatedly that when Labour organisations are challenged on this, they struggle to find out how they are going to deal with the funding, because, quite simply, they do not have a plan.
What discussions he has had with local authorities on 20 mph speed limits on roads.
In England, this is primarily a matter for local authorities.
The 20 mph limits work in the right places, such as outside schools, and following the right consultation with the public.
They do not work as blanket measures.
We do not want them to be set indiscriminately on all roads, without due regard for the safety case and without local support.
The 20 mph limits can work in quiet, narrow residential side streets where there is local consent, but London’s Labour Mayor and boroughs are increasingly inflicting them on wide roads and main roads where they are not justified.
Now Barnet Council wants to introduce a big 20 mph zone in Whetstone without  adequate consultation.
Will the Secretary of State intervene to ensure that these speed limits are introduced only in appropriate circumstances, and only when they have strong local support?
I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
Imposing blanket 20 mph zones without local support—which is what Labour has done across Wales and in London—is bad for drivers, but it also risks reducing the specific protection for vulnerable road users which operates, for example, near schools.
As our policy paper “Plan for drivers” explains, we will be providing stronger guidance to ensure that blanket 20 mph zones are restricted, and we will consider further action against councils that do not comply with it.
On one hand the Secretary of State acknowledges the ability of local authorities to deliver their own local transport strategies such as low-traffic neighbourhoods and 20 mph zones where they fit, but on the other hand this “Plan for drivers” weaponises such policies.
Will he stop weaponising them, and consider those who are not in vehicles but are using our roads and the safety measures from their local authorities?
Will he recognise that we are all road users, whether or not we are in a vehicle?
I think that question had the disadvantage of being written before the hon.
Lady had listened to my answer.
I said very clearly that I supported 20 mph zones in areas where they make sense.
Outside a school, for instance, they make perfect sense.
What does not make sense is imposing blanket policies that bear no relation to the circumstances, which, as I have said, is what Labour has done in Wales.
It has implemented blanket policies that are very unpopular, do not carry public support, and damage the acceptance of 20 mph zones in places where they do make sense— He is peddling conspiracy theories again.
The hon.
Gentleman, from a sedentary position, refers to conspiracies.
My constituency is next door to Wales, and I can tell the House that that is not a conspiracy; the 20 mph zones are incredibly unpopular in Wales.
This is a blanket policy that makes no sense and is not supported by the public.
What steps he is taking with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to improve the allocation of resources between the production of sustainable aviation fuel and other uses of biomass.
In developing the biomass strategy and our forthcoming low-carbon fuel strategy, my Department has worked closely with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, whose policy paper on the biomass strategy was published last year.
Sectors that are harder to decarbonise, including aviation, should be priority uses for biomass.
We are continuing to work  across Government, and with industry experts, to ensure that policies that increase the supply of sustainable aviation fuels deliver on our climate change commitments.
As the Minister will know, the sustainable aviation fuel mandate will come into force in 2025, but meanwhile the Government have not yet responded to consultations on how it will work, and there is no real-world fuel sourcing analysis or plan that would take account of the changing nature of municipal waste arising from the already allocated uses of municipal and agricultural feedstock for purposes other than the production of SAF.
What steps is the Minister taking to develop a realistic plan for feedstock availability and use?