Mr. Speaker, each Veterans Day, Americans come together to remember those who have served our country around the world in the name of freedom and democracy.
The debt that we owe to them is immeasurable.
Their sacrifices, and those of their families, are freedom's foundation.
Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Coast Guardsmen and women and their families, our country would not live so freely.
I offer my deepest gratitude to our nation's 1.4 million troops and reservists, their families, and the 16.2 million veterans, including 22,809 here in the 18th Congressional District.
16.2 million brave men and women are veterans of our nation's military service.
This includes more than 1.7 million women, 2.7 million African American men and women, 1.32 million Hispanic men and women, 342,000 Asian American Pacific Islanders, and 113,000 American Indians.
Of the veteran population in the country, 1.5 million veterans call Texas their home.
We use Veterans Day to show our veterans and military families how important they are to us and how grateful we are for them each day.
November is National Caregivers Month to show our caregivers how grateful we are for them.
It is only fitting that we thank those caregivers who serve our military today.
5.5 million spouses, parents, children, and other loved ones care for our wounded warriors and 15 percent of caregivers spend 40+ hours a week providing care for our military families.
As a senior member of the House Committees on Judiciary and Homeland Security, I care deeply about our veterans.
In Congress, I have sponsored many legislative proposals and cosponsored more than 50 pieces of legislation that will positively benefit our veterans and their families.
Including H.R. 232, the Real Justice for Our Veterans Act of 2023, which looks to prioritize veterans court treatment programs, ensuring equal access for women, as well as racial and ethnic minorities who have served.
Additionally, I introduced H.R. 236, which would create a ``Battle Buddy Check Week,'' meant to provide outreach and education, as well as peer wellness checks for Veterans.
On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldiers behind.
As a Nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we will leave no veteran behind.
This day and every day, let us honor their service with actions that fulfill our commitment to our troops, their families, and our veterans--and that are worthy of our grateful Nation.