Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate St. Philip Benizi Catholic Church of Smiley, Texas, on its remarkable 60th anniversary this year.
This incredible achievement stands as a powerful testament to the Congregation's unwavering commitment to the faith and the Lord's goodness to His people.
The Church's story is one of God's timeliness, faithfulness, provision.
It dates back to February 15, 1963, when Reverend Benton Thurmond wrote a letter to Archbishop Lucey requesting the need for the people to have a place to teach and freely practice their faith.
It was decided that two Divine Providence Sister Catechists, working out of Gonzales, Texas, came to Smiley one full day a week to help Father Thurmond's jurisdiction.
At the time, the plans for the St. Philip's Church were going through approval of construction plans and financing--and with any similar project comes financial challenges that often seem insurmountable.
Yet, the Lord provided a donation through the Catholic Church Extension Society that summer, and by the Fall of 1963, all plans were approved for the new Church--beginning with a cornerstone donated by Robert Pessek of Hallettsville, Texas.
In the years ahead, the Church became a rock in the community, serving as a place for neighbors to connect, gather, and worship.
But more than anything, St. Philip's milestone is a true testament to God's grace toward his people.
Today, Father Naveen Thumma continues St. Philip's longstanding tradition of faith and spirit in the parish, leading the congregation into an incredible 60th year of service.
Philippians 4:19 says ``And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.''
There is no better example St. Philip Benizi Catholic Church, sustained through God's goodness.
On November 10 and 11, the Church will observe its 60th birthday with a celebration, and I want to congratulate them and extend them well wishes on behalf of Texas-27.
May God continue to bless them and provide for them in the coming years ahead.