Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the MotorCities National Heritage Area (MCNHA) on the 25th anniversary of their founding.
Their preservation and promotion of our area's unique automotive and labor history is worthy of commendation.
The MCNHA was inspired by the 100th anniversary of the automobile, an invention that shaped not only our state but the entire 20th century.
In 1896, Henry Ford test drove his first automobile, the Quadricycle, through the streets.
Legislation co-sponsored by two Michigan Congressmen, John D. Dingell and Joe Knollenburg, was signed into law in 1998 by President Clinton.
This law designated over 10,000 square miles, 260 municipalities and townships.
and 1,200 auto and labor related sites as the MotorCities National Heritage Area.
The automotive and labor history of the region begins with Henry Ford and the Ford Motor Company, founded in 1903 in Dearborn, MI.
Key investors in that company were brothers Horace and John Dodge, who would go on to found their own brand of vehicles in 1914.
The moving assembly line that Ford introduced in 1913 at their Highland Park Plant would revolutionize not only industry, but labor as well.
Daily wages were more than doubled to $5, shifts were reduced from 9 to 8 hours long, and the mass production of vehicles allowed automobiles to become much more accessible to the average American.
Major international automotive brands, like GM (1908), Chevrolet (1911), and Chrysler (1925), were also founded in the Detroit region at that time.
Decades later, car factories were converted to produce bombers in order to help in the Second World War.
The factories of this area, like Willow Run in Ypsilanti, were so crucial to the effort that this region came to be known as the ``Arsenal of Democracy''.
Over the last 25 years, the MCNHA has built an appreciation in both residents and visitors for how the automobile changed Michigan, the nation, and the world.
With the vast number of heritage sites across the region, the MCNHA started a grant program to focus on partnerships, connecting organizations and providing resources critical for preservation and promotion.
It has directly provided over $1 million in grants to over 100 organizations to make these preservation, tourism, and educational projects a reality.
The MCNHA has also been a boon for the State of Michigan, generating over $400 million in economic impact annually while supporting over 4,500 quality jobs.