Mr. McCARTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the remarkable life.
Born in Oklahoma in 1955, Pastor Spradlin graduated from Oklahoma Baptist University in Shawnee in 1977.
He then enrolled in Criswell College in Dallas, Texas, where he began to formulate his vision to open a grand church in California.
Pastor Spradlin arrived in Bakersfield, California, in the late 1970s, serving as both a pastor and the Baptist Student Union Director at California State University, Bakersfield, During this time, he began demonstrating to our community that he was a man of resilient faith and steadfast compassion.
Pastor Spradlin boldly embarked with other local pastors on a mission to create a Bakersfield-area Baptist campus.
Valley Baptist Church was born and grew in size over the next decade to a 2,000-seat auditorium by the late 1990s Under Pastor Spradlin's leadership and vision, Valley Baptist would incorporate three additional campuses in the Bakersfield area.
where services are now conducted in four different languages to meet the needs of our community.
In addition to his work in Bakersfield, Pastor Spradlin proved himself a renowned leader in the California Southern Baptist Convention.
Exemplifying the highest standards of moral and spiritual leadership, Pastor Spradlin served as chairman of the trustees of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, as well as chairman of the Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention.
While Pastor Spradlin held an impressive list of accomplishments in Southern Baptist Convention leadership, he is remembered most fondly for his lasting, positive impact on countless lives.
His sermons underpinned his passion and commitment to the salvation of all those with whom he spoke, balancing truth with the tenderness of grace.
Pastor Spradlin lived a remarkable life as a true pillar of Bakersfield.
He cared for those in need with humility and grace, and made a difference in countless lives, including mine.
He helped spread the message of God's love not only throughout our community, but around the world.
While Pastor Spradlin will be greatly missed, I am certain that his legacy will live on through Valley Baptist Church and the Valley Baptist church family who I know will continue to strive to sustain the vision he brought to our community.
Judy and I offer our sincere condolences to Pastor Spradlin's family--his wife of 46 years.
Ginger, their 3 children, Andrew, Matthew, and Faith, and 10 grandchildren.
We will always cherish his friendship, remember the wisdom he imparted on us and our community, and keep his family and all those who attend Valley Baptist in our prayers.
On behalf of the 20th Congressional District of California, I would like to honor the life and legacy of Pastor Roger Spradlin for his dedication to Christ, leading a great congregation, and for being a beacon of compassion and love that the whole Bakersfield community will miss.