The Secretary of State will not apologise.
That is absolutely fine.
The industry already knows that this is a Government who want nothing to do with it, and who take every opportunity to talk it down and make every effort to shut it down.
In that same session last week, the Minister who is sitting to the Secretary of State’s left also claimed that “much of the gas that is extracted from the North sea is exported”.
That is simply not true: 100% of all the gas extracted from the North sea is used in Britain.
The Secretary of State knows that, so why is he so determined to talk down this industry, spout falsehoods and myths, drive investment out of the UK, rely more on imports and, crucially, cost people’s jobs and drive the skills we need out of this country?
That is exactly what he and his colleagues are doing.
Here is the difference between them and us.
They would keep us hooked on fossil fuels for time immemorial.
They have learned not a single lesson from the disaster they inflicted on this country: family finances ruined; business finances ruined; public finances ruined.
A year on, there is not a word of apology.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries in the north-east since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
Since coming to office, the Government have shown how clean power can create jobs across our country, with thousands of jobs in nuclear, through our investments in Sizewell C and small modular reactors; in carbon capture and storage; in offshore wind; and in home heating through our warm homes plan.
This is what it means to deliver reindustrialisation through our clean energy sprint.