Across Europe, we have already seen 2,300 heatwave-related deaths—avoidable deaths—and the Met Office report says that things will just get worse.
The Lib Dems and I have a really cool idea.
Will the Secretary of State work with local authorities to open up public spaces with air conditioning, such as leisure centres and libraries, so that they can provide relief from extreme heat for the elderly and vulnerable?
There is no monopoly on good ideas, and the hon.
Lady raises the important issue of how we adapt as a country to the climate crisis.
We know we have a lot more to do, and we will listen to all good ideas.
In my  constituency I am proud that we have the first example in the country of a high-energy use craft that has transitioned fully to renewables, having worked with a  UK manufacturer to create a super-efficient electric furnace.
Will the Secretary of State come to Stourbridge and visit Allister Malcolm Glass at the Stourbridge Glass Museum with me, to highlight it as an example for others to follow, and protect high-energy use heritage crafts across the country?
My hon.
Friend raises a great example, and I will take a risk and say yes, I will come to Stourbridge.
I love Stourbridge, and I look forward to seeing that project.
The Government’s new Scope 3 guidance for offshore projects is hugely welcome.
We are already battling deadly heatwaves and overshooting climate limits, so it is critical that we stop extracting new oil and gas.
Given that there is no scenario in which Rosebank, or indeed any new oil and gas wells are compatible with limiting global temperature increases to 1.5°C, why are the Government trying to delay recognition of that climate reality by saying that applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis?
Will the Minister give us a conclusive science-backed answer now, and confirm that Rosebank will not be going ahead?
Of course the Government follow the regulations that we have put in place quickly, and applications must be considered on a case-by-case basis—that is the way anyone would expect them to be dealt with.
I will not say on the Floor of the House any more about those applications, as they are live decisions that will be made in due course by the Department.
What reassurance can the Minister offer the nearly 1,000 workers at Prax that the Government are 100% focused on finding a new owner for the Lindsey oil refinery?
I will repeat what I have said before: we are obviously hugely disappointed by the way that the owners have dealt with the company.
I repeat the ask that I have made in the House a number of times, and in writing to the chief executive, that he should put his hands in his pockets and do the right thing by the workforce.
We are doing everything we can as part of the insolvency process safely to manage the refinery, and to look at whether there are buyers interested in taking it on.
The latest central estimate from the Office for Budget Responsibility puts the cost of achieving net zero by 2050 at £803 billion, with half that cost attributed to lost fuel duties.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the Government will need to increase duties elsewhere, including on renewables, which could push bills up further?
The most significant thing about the OBR report is that it says there is an 8% threat to our GDP by 2070 in a 3°C world, and a 56% rise in the debt to GDP ratio if we do not act on climate change.
That is the most important thing from that report, which I recommend all hon.
Members read over the summer.
I have received numerous emails from my constituents in Broxtowe, raising concerns about the loss of or threat to meadows.
Meadows are critical to our environment and have been part of our natural heritage for centuries.
They provide a wealth of benefits such as a unique wildlife habitat, flood alleviation and the promotion of clean air.
Without better protection, remaining historic meadows and their ecological value risk vanishing beneath our feet.
Will the Minister commit to including the protection of meadows in the list of irreplaceable habitats?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concerns.
This is a matter for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but I am happy to talk to colleagues as they bring forward their land use framework.
Nature-based solutions to climate change are important, so we very much engage with our colleagues in DEFRA on these issues.
Solar developers are not playing by the rules when it comes to accessing the land of people on Ynys Môn.
Government guidance states that developers must act reasonably when trying to obtain permission to access the land, but my constituents have received threatening emails and there have even been cases of developers trespassing on land.
Does the Minister condone such behaviour, and does he believe that current guidance is strong enough to protect constituents such as mine?
I do not know the specifics of the case that the hon.
Lady raises—if she wants to send any details to me, I will certainly look at them.
We clearly want to see and expect in every single case a partnership between developers delivering projects that we think are important, the planning system responsible for putting the processes in place and the communities who should have their local area protected and be able to access it.
I am happy to follow up with her if she wants to raise specifics with me.
The Vyrnwy Frankton project, which aims to connect onshore wind to the grid, would cut across my constituency and affect local communities and cherished countryside, posing a threat to businesses and tourism.
Will the Minister assure me that the impact of the project and its associated lifetime costs will be minimised by undergrounding the cables along the route, except where geology makes that impossible?
That is not the position of the Government, because report after report and the evidence points to the fact that undergrounding cables is significantly more expensive than putting them above ground.
Individual applications will clearly look at the individual circumstances and make a decision on that.
We have said as a Government that communities that host network infrastructure should benefit through community benefits and direct money off bills, and that is what we will deliver.
It was recently announced that the surplus Ministry of Defence land at RAF Wyton in my constituency has been designated as an MOD trailblazer site.
The Housing Minister confirmed  to me last week that no assessment has yet been made of the energy infrastructure currently in place.
The Prime Minister recently confirmed to me here in the Chamber that my proposal to develop a defence technology cluster on the site would be supported.
To that end, is the Minister prepared to look into the available energy infrastructure and substation connectivity at the site and write to me with his assessment?
The hon.
Gentleman is assiduous in raising these sorts of questions with me.
I am very happy to look at the possibilities.
He is right to outline the potential of sites such as that, and we will look at it.
Nova Innovation in my constituency is pioneering floating solar, which is generating clean energy.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Government are taking to support the development of floating solar?
That sounds incredibly exciting, and I look forward to finding out more.
We have been using floating solar technology in this country since 2016.
Last month, the French started the largest plant in Europe, producing 74.3 MW.
The Chinese have single plants that produce 350 MW.
Given the scale of its use across the world, bar Britain, why did the Secretary of State refer to floating solar as a nascent technology?
What is nascent about it?
It sounds like I am being educated about floating solar.
I am happy to share the hon.
Gentleman’s enthusiasm for it; if he has proposals about how we can take it forward, I am all ears.
In France, Germany, Croatia and elsewhere on mainland Europe, geothermal energy is being taken very seriously.
I was disappointed that geothermal energy got little mention in the industrial strategy, particularly as there is estimated to be 30 GW of energy in the Cornish granite batholith.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we clear the barriers to unleash the potential of the Cornish granite batholith?
My hon.
Friend always raises the huge potential of Cornwall in this House and in the energy space.
He is right to talk about the potential for geothermal; we are hugely excited about the opportunities that it presents.
I am very happy to meet him and others to discuss further how we can take it forward.
I am already being contacted by constituents who are worried about affording their energy bills this winter, but do not feel that the service they get from the energy companies is properly supporting them.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that energy companies provide the support that they need?
We are very clear that energy companies have strict obligations to follow.
We are working with Ofgem to ensure that it adheres to those obligations, and we are doing the job  of reviewing Ofgem to ensure that it is a proper consumer champion, with the mandate and powers to work on behalf of consumers and reform this market so that it works in the interests of the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
More than 100 INEOS chemical employees are to lose their jobs at Grangemouth because the refinery has closed.
The £200 million commitment to Project Willow does not help them in the here and now, and it is frankly an insult to the workers who are about to lose their livelihoods to talk about training opportunities at Forth Valley college that are not being afforded to them.
What have the Government actually done and what will they  do for those workers who do not have the same redundancy or training package as the refinery workers?
We are looking in the round at how we can deliver jobs and opportunities on the Grangemouth site.
The National Wealth Fund made an unprecedented commitment of £200 million, and I have been meeting companies that are potentially interested in developing projects, to make sure we get them over the line.
We have delivered on the training guarantee and delivered support beyond that provided by the Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal.
We are doing everything we can to support the workforce there, and we will continue to do so.