When the price cap fell last month, the Labour party boasted, “£129 off your bills, delivered by Labour”.
The Minister knows that energy bills fell as wholesale gas prices fell, and she knows that her policy is to take the country off gas and keep increasing policy costs on bills.
That is why she refuses to repeat the claim.
Will she take this opportunity to apologise for her party saying something that she knows is untrue?
Every time the hon.
Member stands up to speak, I hold my head in absolute frustration.
He is gambling with fossil fuels, and quite frankly the Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.
Energy bills rocketed under their watch and they did nothing about it—they were happy with that.
That is not a legacy that we are willing to contend with, which is why we are taking action in the short term to drive down bills through our sprint to clean power.
Their legacy is one they should be ashamed of, so they should not be lecturing us.
What assessment he has made of the role of new nuclear in supporting a clean energy transition.
What assessment he has made of the role of new nuclear in supporting a clean energy transition.
The clean power 2030 action plan makes it clear that nuclear will play an important role in our future energy system, providing low-carbon baseload power to the grid.
We are delivering the biggest new nuclear building programme in a generation, having committed almost £17 billion at the recent spending review.
I was grateful to the Secretary of State for showing his love for Hemel Hempstead when he came to launch a new scheme on solar panels the other month.
On the question of new nuclear and clean jobs, could the Minister outline how communities like mine in Hemel Hempstead will benefit from these new jobs?
Well, my right hon.
Friend the Energy Secretary says that we love Hemel Hempstead; I think we agree on that.
The nuclear sector is poised for significant growth.
That will help deliver on our energy needs in the future, and it is how we will deliver thousands of skilled jobs across the country.
The nuclear skills plan is a collaborative effort between Government, industry and academia, setting out the targeted work we need to address the skills gap and bring forward the thousands  of apprentices we will need to deliver this work in the future.
The regional skills hubs we have established will help to deliver training support locally to ensure that every community in the country benefits.
Rolls-Royce in Derby has recently been announced as the preferred bidder for the delivery of small modular reactors, which means that many of my Erewash constituents will become the beating heart of the workforce that delivers the reactors.
Can the Minister explain how Derbyshire’s finest SMRs will help to end our reliance on foreign oil and gas?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the Government are committed to delivering a new golden age of nuclear, securing an abundance of clean power after 14 years of dither and delay from the Conservatives, and with that will come investment across the country.
On  10 June , following a robust two-year process, Great British Energy Nuclear selected Rolls-Royce SMR as its preferred bidder to deliver the UK’s first small modular reactor, subject to final Government approvals and contract signature.
The Government are making available £2.5 billion across the spending review to enable this to be one of Europe’s first SMR programmes.
I have always been a supporter of nuclear power.
Unfortunately, we do not have access to nuclear power in Northern Ireland, but I know from discussions with the Minister that he is very keen to ensure that modular nuclear power opportunities are available in Northern Ireland.
Business that I have spoken to want access to these opportunities, as does the Northern Ireland Assembly.
I know that the Minister is always committed to trying to make things better, so has he had an opportunity to talk to the relevant Minister in the Northern Ireland Assembly about ensuring that access to modular nuclear power is available to us in Northern Ireland?
I regularly engage with Ministers in the Northern Irish Executive, including in the Department for the Economy, which has responsibility for energy policy in Northern Ireland, and we discuss a range of issues.
We are happy to support the Northern Irish Executive in any way we can, either with technology or through rolling out the regulatory framework.
We are really excited about the opportunities posed by SMRs and are happy to discuss that in Northern Ireland as well.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
We understand that high energy bills are a challenge for businesses, and particularly energy-intensive companies.
We are clear that, in the long term, our mission to deliver clean power is the only way to bear down on that cost.
But  while we get there, we are providing the support needed through the British industrial competitiveness scheme and the supercharger scheme, protecting over 7,000 businesses.
The UK’s industrial electricity prices are among the highest in Europe, and it is quite clear that the Government’s current policies are failing manufacturing businesses in constituencies such as mine.
Will the Minister commit to introducing support that genuinely reduces electricity costs for manufacturers, including by tackling high wholesale energy prices, rather than prolonging the uncertainty, which sadly puts local jobs at risk?
I gently remind the right hon.
Member that industrial energy prices rocketed on the Conservatives’ watch.
Gas prices for non-domestic companies went up by 170%, which was catastrophic for UK plc.
We are taking action to support businesses through our sprint to clean power and, critically, the measures we are providing through the British industrial competitiveness scheme.
Those measures have been supported by Make UK, the British Chambers of Commerce, UK Steel and the Chemical Industries Association.
The Conservatives dithered, delayed and did nothing to support businesses; we are cracking on and getting on with the job.
On Friday, I visited C&M Precision Ltd, a small manufacturing company in my constituency.
Electricity represents easily its biggest cost.
What is the Minister doing to listen to small and medium-sized enterprises like C&M who feel that their voice is simply not being heard?
We are listening to businesses, particularly small and medium-sized businesses.
We have heard companies complain, for example, about being locked into expensive fixed-term contracts.
That is why Ofgem is working to deliver blend-and-extend contracts so that businesses can benefit from lower prices.
We have heard their frustration at the lack of a redress system, which is why last December we expanded the ombudsman service to 99% of businesses so that they can get redress and financial awards of up to £20,000.
We have also heard their frustration about energy brokers, which is why we have consulted on introducing regulation of third-party intermediaries.
We will respond in due course.
Last week, the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee heard from Make UK and representatives from the chemical, petrochemical, steel and ceramics industries that closer alignment and collaboration with the EU on energy pricing is critical to reducing bills.
That is also recognised in the Government’s industrial strategy.
What more is the Department doing to bring that forward quickly?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
Industry voices have been calling for that close alignment, particularly on the emissions trading scheme—we have heard that from UK Steel, the CBI, Make UK and the Energy Intensive Users Group—and we believe that those stronger linkages are the right thing to do to cut red tape at the border, to protect  consumers from higher costs and, critically, to boost trade and growth, which the Government are absolutely committed to doing.
One way to drive down energy costs, including for energy-intensive industries, could be to help cut curtailment costs by encouraging the co-location of new energy-intensive industry sectors with some of the renewable sectors that we are currently having to pay to switch off.
As we start to roll out more data centres across the country, what conversations have Ministers had about how such centres could be optimally located to help reduce our energy bills at the same time?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, as always.
We in the Department are working across Government—as part of the AI Council as well as with colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade—to ensure that we have the co-ordination and collaboration to support businesses on the ground.
What steps he is taking to help increase the supply of clean energy.
We will continue to support new renewables through the contracts for difference scheme in conjunction with initiatives such as the warm homes plan, the future homes standard and the boiler upgrade scheme.
Great British Energy and Great British Energy Nuclear will together invest more than £8.3 billion over this Parliament in home-grown clean power.