I commend the Secretary of State for his honesty and I agree with everything he says in his statement.
What an appalling mess, but part of the original sin was our intervening militarily and then scuttling out.
On a wider point, may I take it that we have learnt our lesson and have got over the liberal imperial itch of the Cameron and Blair eras to intervene militarily in ungovernable countries such as Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria and Libya?
Let us now move on, but I support what the Secretary of State said.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his remarks.
I am certainly grateful for his support for my statement this afternoon.
Although he has not said it, he is a big champion of press freedom and I expect that he also recognises that an important part of our decision has been the period in which we have seen no public knowledge, no media reporting and no parliamentary accountability.
We set that right today.
As a veteran of the war in Afghanistan, I was appalled to watch the chaotic mismanagement following the fall of Kabul that left Afghans who served alongside our troops and who worked so hard for a better Afghanistan, dangerously exposed.
This was a situation that I feared would happen and could see coming even when I served in Afghanistan in 2017.
The fact is that the previous Government had plenty of warning that that situation could happen and failed to plan properly for it.
This data breach joins a litany of other data breaches, delays and failures of our allies.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we must give our fullest support to those Afghans, so they can rebuild a new life in the UK?
I do indeed.
I know from Afghan families who were relocated in the early days to my own constituency in South Yorkshire that it was the voices of Members on both sides of the House, speaking up in exactly the same terms as my hon.
Friend just has and recognising the debt this country owes to many of those who worked alongside or served with our armed forces and who made possible in the first place the very difficult job that our forces undertook in Afghanistan, that provided a warm welcome, and they continue to do so.
To those Afghans, we are offering a new home and a chance to rebuild their lives and contribute to our country.