The Minister will be aware that many homes, particularly in rural areas, are older properties that are difficult to insulate.
Does she agree that we all need to concentrate on those older types of properties, many of which are the homes of elderly people who cannot afford expensive energy?
We need to concentrate on ensuring that those homes are properly insulated and that the warm home discount scheme is extended to such properties.
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
We are very clear that we need to make sure that we have the right solutions for every household, including those in rural communities.
I have met representatives from rural communities, councils, Members and some of the companies that are trying to do work in rural communities.
We are absolutely committed to getting this right as part of the warm homes plan.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of mechanisms to encourage private sector investment in renewable energy sources.
Since the election last year, we have secured over £50 billion of investment into the UK’s clean energy industries.
Last year’s renewables auction for allocation round 6 was the most successful in our history, and we will shortly open the AR7 auction.
This is the way to deliver energy security, lower bills and good jobs for our communities.
Private sector investment via community energy schemes is a popular way of engaging people to get behind renewable energy projects in their area.
A great example is Meadow Blue Community Energy in my constituency of Chichester, which puts money back into the community with a grant scheme and is now funding solar panels on local school roofs.
Does the Secretary of State agree that community energy projects would attract more private sector investment if grid access costs were reduced and the delivery of local supply was made easier?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue, which was also raised by  the right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright) .
She is right about the virtues of community energy.
Great British Energy is going to partner with local communities to deliver community energy up and down the country, because sometimes public capital—it could be loans, it could be grants—can help lever in the private capital that we need.
She is also right about some of the barriers, as the Energy Minister mentioned.
I want to assure her that we are going through the different barriers in granular, nerdy detail to see how we can break them down.
I must declare an interest as a crofting tenant of Knock and Swordale common grazing, as good a definition of a community as you can ever get, but Knock and Swordale, along with several other community power schemes in my constituency, cannot get grid connections except through active network management connections, which basically means that the communities can supply power to the grid only when the big boys—the commercial companies—are not doing so.
These connection offers are next to useless, and the National Energy System Operator, Ofgem and the transmission companies have to be told from this Dispatch Box that they cannot be agnostic about what kind of grid connection they offer and to whom.
They must put communities first if communities are going to support this transition.
My hon.
Friend, who I have talked to on a number of occasions about these wider issues, raises a really important point.
I was just talking to the Energy Minister about it.
Let me take away my hon.
Friend’s point about access.
We are committed to driving forward community energy, and we will talk to NESO and Ofgem to get it right and make sure it happens.
What steps he is taking to ensure scientific evidence is used to support his net zero policies.
Yesterday, the Secretary of State made an incredibly important statement to this House outlining the crises we face when it comes to climate change and the decline of nature.
Tackling this starts with being honest about the science and what the experts are telling us.
We know that we can only have climate security for future generations by acting at scale today.