The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to support workers’ rights in the renewable energy sector.
The Government are committed to strengthening collective bargaining and trade union recognition.
The Employment Rights Bill and the plan to make work pay will modernise rights and improve conditions.
The Office for Clean Energy Jobs engages unions to ensure that renewable energy jobs support economic growth, the net zero transition and workers moving from carbon-intensive sectors.
Many of my constituents in Halesowen work in energy-intensive industries such as forges and heavy manufacturing.
The Government are rightly supporting those industries to become more energy-efficient, but workers need new skills, as well as skills in the many new jobs in the renewable energy sector.
As they make this transition, how is the Department supporting workers in the west midlands to get the right skills for these new industries?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that point.
Supporting workers in energy-intensive industries is essential as we transition our economy.
The Government will provide over £1.2 billion per year in skills funding by 2028-29, supporting training in renewables, low-carbon construction and advanced engineering.
We are also investing over £100 million over three years to develop  engineering skills in England and launching new technical excellence colleges to make sure that training stays aligned with employers’ needs.
We will also push forward on the clean energy workforce strategy this year.
What steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to help increase the number of jobs in supply chains in green industries.
The industrial strategy published last month set out our plans to build clean energy supply chains in the UK, including a new £1 billion fund through Great British Energy to partner with the private sector to create jobs in Britain and the new clean industry bonus, which has the potential to unleash billions of pounds of private investment in offshore wind supply chains.
We are determined that the clean energy future will be made in Britain.
The power cables over the Tyne are a barrier to businesses securing work for large renewable energy structures, risking possible net GVA benefits of up to £1.2 billion.
It has been proposed that the removal of the cables will be completed in 2032.
Will the Secretary of State help me push for it to be brought forward so that Tyneside is not held back in the global race for green jobs?
First, I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a brilliant champion of the port of Tyne and what it offers, and she is right to draw attention to this important issue.
Approval of any works to reroute the line is a matter for Ofgem, but we stand ready to engage with her and, indeed, Ofgem to try to bring this forward.
I suggest that my hon.
Friend the Energy Minister meets her to discuss this important issue.
Despite the growing need for green jobs—obviously, we are all in favour of making sure we have green jobs—fewer than one in 10 employees receive any dedicated green skills training, according to an OVO Energy survey.
What can we do to support businesses, and what can the Government do to accelerate that important training programme in all businesses where we need green jobs?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
Later this year, we will publish a clean energy skills plan to address precisely this question: how do we make sure we equip workers with the skills they need to take advantage of those jobs?
That is being led by my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary in the work she is doing with Skills England, but there is a whole range of things we can do.
For the first time, the Government will publish what the skills needs are for clean energy jobs and how we will meet them, which will be an important step forward.
As people fly off for their summer holidays, the chances are that the steel in the aeroplane’s engine comes from the Stocksbridge Speciality Steels plant in my constituency.
I am hopeful about the news that Liberty Steel, which  owns the site, has attracted potential investors for this asset.
The asset is essential for our national security and provides opportunities for net zero infrastructure, including wind turbines.
However, uncertainty about the firm means that pension contributions have not been paid to the skilled workforce for 10 months, causing significant worry and anxiety for 600 local steelworkers.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State provide to Stocksbridge steelworkers about how the outstanding pension contributions will be paid, including in any future ownership arrangements?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue about her constituency and the steel industry, and I would say two things.
One is that what this Government have done, which I am afraid was not done previously, is set up a dedicated fund for steel so that we are able to make the green transition.
We talked about this in opposition, and we are now delivering billions of pounds to help the steel industry transition.
The other is that I will take up the specific pensions issue she raised with my right hon.
Friend the Business and Trade Secretary.
The workers of Grangemouth deserved far better than they got from the Labour Government.
To add insult to injury, they have had to watch them pull out all the stops for Scunthorpe and Prax Lindsey.
In a written answer to me, the Energy Minister refused to confirm how much money the UK Government had spent to continue operations at Lindsey.
Will the Secretary of State now come clean and tell us what price they are willing to pay to save jobs in England, which they were not willing to pay to save Grangemouth in Scotland?
The hon.
Gentleman is so wide of the mark it is unbelievable.
The Grangemouth closure was foreshadowed before this Government came to power.
We have worked hand in glove with his colleagues in the Scottish Government—all the way along, Gillian Martin and I have been working on it—and for him to try to make party politics out of the issue is, frankly, a disgrace.