The Secretary of State talks about green jobs.
I am sure he does not want our fire services to be deployed more and more, but with solar energy feeding into battery energy storage systems, there is real concern at Shropshire fire service and across the country that there will be fires that are very difficult for our fire services to control.
Does the Secretary of State agree that our fire services should be a statutory consultee on future planning applications for battery storage?
This is an important issue that we need to take seriously.
At the moment, it comes under the health and safety regime, but we are consulting on the best arrangements to ensure that we have the highest standards of safety.
There are high safety standards in place, but as we see the growth of batteries, we will endeavour to ensure that those standards are maintained.
It goes without saying that I love Burgess Hill.
One brilliant business there is Steve Willis Training, which is this week celebrating 25 years in business, training the region’s future electricity, plumbing and heating engineers.
Does the Secretary of State agree that such businesses are vital in delivering the skills of the future, and will he join me in congratulating Steve Willis Training on being a brilliant family business that provides key skills to the south-east?
I warmly congratulate Steve Willis Training on its 25 years in operation and on the work it is doing.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point: we can help to create jobs in the private sector, but the question then is whether people will have the skills to fill them.
Organisations and companies like Steve Willis Training are fundamental to that.
Sometimes it requires lots of training; sometimes it requires shorter amounts of training to retrain people in new technologies like heat pumps.
It is vital that that training happens.
People across Basildon and Billericay, and indeed across the country, want to see more jobs in energy production and to see cheaper energy.
What they do not understand is why the Government are backing some but not all forms of energy.
Why are the Government insisting on shipping jobs in oil and gas abroad, rather than keeping them here while investing in green energy at the same time?
The answer is that we are not.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, the reality is that the North sea has been a basin in decline and that 70,000 jobs were lost under the previous Government.
The question is: do we create the jobs of the future as well as maintaining  existing fields for their lifetime?
This Government are committed to doing so.
If he wants to see those jobs, he should support our plans.
Tempted as I am to wax lyrical about the beauties of Aberdeenshire, I will instead ask the Secretary of State a very simple question.
By this time next year, how many jobs will GB Energy have created in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire?
GB Energy will create thousands of jobs across the country, including in Aberdeen.
Here is why GB Energy really matters: we have chosen to put its headquarters in Aberdeen, as we recognise that Aberdeen is the clean energy capital of our country—not just for oil and gas, which is important, but for the future.
SNP Members are chuntering on the Front Bench, but they never did anything to create that future for people in Aberdeen.
What steps he is taking to increase electricity grid capacity.
We are working with Ofgem and the National Energy System Operator to accelerate network infrastructure through reforms to planning, supply chains and other areas, delivering the capacity needed to achieve clean power by 2030 and to drive economic growth.
In my constituency of Bicester and Woodstock, the local plan anticipates significant new employment sites to create jobs and growth.
Tritax Big Box tells me that it wants to put solar panels on 100% of usable roof areas on the buildings that it intends to create.
Local planning policies would support that, yet I was shocked to learn that Tritax expects to install solar panels on only 25% of usable roof space.
It cannot get a permit to generate electricity or consent to export to the grid.
Will the Minister or his officials meet me to discuss how we can turn this into a win-win opportunity for rooftop green solar?
That sounds like a fantastic opportunity.
Our ambition is to see solar panels on as many rooftops across the country as possible.
It is a win-win opportunity, as the hon.
Gentleman rightly puts it.
He and I have spoken about a number of these issues previously, and I am happy to discuss this one with him.
If he could write to me with the specifics, we will certainly look at the matter.
In the meantime, we are looking at reforming all those processes to make sure that we can get as much power as possible.