We welcomed the joint agreement signed in May between the UK and the EU, in which small steps were taken to address the impacts of the Conservatives’ botched Brexit deal on energy costs and bills.
What further steps will the Secretary of State take to forge energy co-operation  through a recoupling of the UK and EU electricity markets and the UK’s participation in the EU’s internal electricity market, to boost trade, bring down renewable energy costs and reduce energy bills?
We have been listening to industry voices, and they are very clear about the opportunities for stronger alignment.
We will continue to engage with them, and with our partners in the EU on the opportunities as we make the sprint to clean power.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral question time for the Department, the spending review announced the largest investment in clean energy in our country’s history—investment in new nuclear; in carbon, capture and storage; and in hydrogen transport and storage.
We are investing £8.3 billion through Great British Energy and £13.2 billion in our warm homes plan for energy security, lower bills and good jobs.
Evidence from the National Grid, Ofgem and Imperial College London shows that locational or zonal pricing would save billions of pounds a year, lower bills and reduce the need for expensive and often unpopular grid infrastructure.
Why has the Secretary of State ruled it out?
I made a comprehensive statement to the House on this last Thursday, and the grounds for the decision are these: first, there is the question of fairness, and secondly, there is the question of the cost of the transition and what would happen in the meantime.
We need investment in our clean energy infrastructure, and we need investment in growth.
I believe that our way—reformed national pricing—is the right way forward.
In the fight for energy security, every area of our country must play its part, but that means energy infrastructure projects should be distributed evenly.
What is the Department doing to ensure that no community will be asked to do more than its fair share?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
That is why the strategic spatial energy plan will set out where we need our energy infrastructure, so that we can have a planned system that matches power needs and infrastructure at least cost to bill payers and taxpayers.