Yesterday, the Secretary of State said I was hiding when I was, in fact, with my six-month-old baby, who I know he is aware of.
On behalf of all young mums who face those kinds of comments in their first few weeks back at work, may I gently suggest he reflects on those remarks?
I want to ask the Secretary of State a very simple question: is £82 higher or lower than £72?
On the first point, I completely respect the right hon.
Lady’s decision to be with her young baby, and there was no offence intended.
I think it is very important that we understand the needs of new parents and, indeed, parents across the country.
On the question she asked, I do not know what she is getting at, frankly.
I do not know whether the Secretary of State does not know or does not want to say, but £72 a megawatt-hour is what electricity cost last year, and £82 is the price he has paid for offshore wind, and he is set to do the same this year—and that is before the extra costs for the grid for wasted wind and back-up, which are going through the roof, thanks to his policies.
Yesterday, he committed to radical honesty.
In that spirit, will he admit either that he cannot add up, or that his policies cannot bring down bills?
I am going to be radically honest and tell the right hon.
Lady the truth: she is gambling on fossil fuels—the same thing she did that led us to the worst cost of living crisis in our country’s history, with family finances, businesses’ finances and public finances wrecked.
The only way to bring down bills for good is through cheap, home-grown power that we control.
We have an energy security plan.
The Conservatives have an energy surrender plan.
What ambitions does the Department have for sectors and technologies that GB Energy will prioritise, since the chief operating officer has said that he wants to evolve it into a major energy company, and what might that mean for job creation, including in constituencies like mine?
GB Energy will prioritise a whole range of projects, and that is a matter for GB Energy, as a publicly owned energy company at arm’s length from Government, but there are huge opportunities right across our country, whether in floating wind, tidal, hydrogen or offshore wind and supply chains.
GB Energy is owned by the public and will benefit people right across Britain.