We have been working closely with the Scottish Government and engaging with Scottish MPs.
We know that about 97,000 meters needs to be replaced in Scotland.
All those households have been contacted multiple times.
In addition, because we know that there are particular challenges in some rural communities, we have done a sprint, in which suppliers are working in collaboration with the local authority to bring down the number of replacements needed.
I can reassure the hon.
Member that no area will be switched off without us contacting consumers to inform them, without us allowing them to book in emergency appointments, and, critically, without us informing MPs and local authorities, so that we do this in the best possible way.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the Climate Change Committee’s report entitled “Progress in reducing emissions”, published on 25 June 2025.
The Climate Change Committee report made clear the progress we have made in the past 12 months on overturning the terrible legacy of the Conservatives, who turned their back on climate action.
We know that clean power is the route to energy security, lower bills and good jobs.
It is a shame that the Tories and Reform are still stuck in the past.
The Climate Change Committee says that the UK should be proud of its approach to consistent and sustained decarbonisation, but there is much more to do.
This week, Bracknell Forest Community Climate Action is hosting a summit to discuss what can be done locally to address climate change and support nature.
Does the Minister agree that local initiatives like this demonstrate the strong public support for action on climate change?
We know that there is strong public support, and we are keen to engage more at a local level with groups like Bracknell Forest Community Climate Action.
That is why we have set up the local net zero delivery group to work with councils and mayors, and why we will produce a public participation strategy later this year.
I very much hope that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will get involved in that.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the fantastic Lib Dem-run Winchester city council on being rated the greenest council in the UK by Climate Action UK?
That is a lot of work by politicians, and it shows what politicians who dearly believe in this issue can achieve if they crack on and deal with it, rather than weaponising it in some kind of culture war.
I am happy to join the hon.
Member in congratulating his local council.
I visited the Local Government Association the week before last, I think, with the local net zero delivery group, on which we have representation from all areas of local government.
I am keen to learn from the best and translate that into action for others who need a bit more encouragement.
What steps he is taking to increase the use of renewable energy.
Our clean power 2030 action plan sets out our pathway to delivering clean power.
To support that plan, we recently launched the solar road map, which confirms plans to increase domestic solar installations through the future homes standard and warm homes plan.
Over 50% of our food and £2.7 billion in lifesaving medicines depend on the cold chain, but operators face soaring energy costs and growing grid instability.
In Epsom and Ewell, Sunswap is pioneering battery and solar-powered refrigeration, which cuts emissions while protecting vital supply chains.
Will the Minister commit to targeted support for renewable energy innovators like Sunswap, whose technology can strengthen both sustainability and national resilience?
The hon.
Lady is right that we have an enormous amount of innovation in this space and real potential to meet our future needs, not just as a result of the pathway that we have outlined, but through innovative solutions like the one she mentioned, which provide specific support to targeted industries.
I am happy to look further into her proposals, and at the funding available for innovation.
If she wants to write to me with any details, I will happily follow up.
A business in the village of Fradley in my constituency has a plan to put millions of watts of solar on the roof of its businesses.
Unfortunately, it cannot proceed with that application, because there is not sufficient export capacity on the site.
It would never export a watt of that electricity, which would meet only a fraction of its energy needs.
Will the Minister meet me, so that we can discuss how we can make regulatory changes to support projects like this one?
My hon.
Friend makes a point that others have raised.
We are looking in granular detail at how the system works to ensure that the regulatory landscape allows such opportunities to be taken.
I am very happy to meet him to discuss this further.
We are taking a detailed look at every single aspect of the system, so that communities, businesses and others can benefit from being able to export power to the grid.
That will help the country with its energy needs and deliver a benefit for local communities.
What steps he is taking to help reduce household energy bills.
What steps he is taking to help support low income families in the context of trends in the level of energy prices.
What steps he is taking to help reduce household energy bills.
We believe that the best way to protect households permanently is through our mission to deliver clean power by 2030.
Combined with our warm homes plan to upgrade millions of homes across the country so that they are warmer and cheaper to run, that will drive down energy bills and make cold homes a thing of the past.
We know that we need to support people while we make that transition, which is why we are extending the warm home discount.
Almost 10% of people in my North East Hampshire constituency live in fuel poverty.
I agree with the Minister that investing in renewable energy would help to tackle that, so how is she working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to empower local authorities to develop renewable energy generation locally—by following Europe’s lead in putting solar over car parks, for example—in order to make energy cheaper and more sustainable?
The hon.
Member is right: there is a big push to work with local and regional authorities to ensure not only that we generate renewables that can impact on bills, but that we upgrade homes.
Through local energy action plans, local authorities are, for the first time, working with the National Energy System Operator and other systems operators to drive that.
Local and regional authorities have a crucial role to play in upgrading millions of homes across the country.
My Heywood and Middleton North constituents live in a state of profound uncertainty as to how the unpredictability of global energy markets will affect their families.
Does the Minister agree that if we want to protect those families from volatility, we must end our reliance on global fossil fuel markets, and introduce targeted interventions to bring bills down, particularly for those on the lowest incomes?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It beggars belief that the Conservative party is so stuck in its ideological opposition to moving towards clean power.
We are clear that we must break our dependence on global fossil fuel markets, which led to record energy bills during the energy crisis.
We are making that sprint, but it is critical that we support the most vulnerable households while we make that transition, which is why I am so proud that this Government extended the warm home discount so that an extra 2.7 million households—one in five—will benefit this winter.
I congratulate Ministers again on embracing the principles of the sunshine Bill campaign, run by me and many others to ensure that solar panels are included on the roofs of all new houses.
In the heat of recent weeks, people in my constituency have been sweltering in beautiful old regency buildings, which pose a particular challenge in this respect.
Do Ministers agree that if we line up heat pump technology and solar panels, we can lower our energy bills and keep cool at the same time?
The hon.
Member is right.
We believe in a solar panel revolution.
That is one of the key things that Great British Energy will bring about across the country.
On overheating, it will be critical to ensure that as we upgrade homes, we make them fit for purpose in the context of climate change.
We are including air-to-air heat pumps in the boiler upgrade scheme, and we will consider other measures to keep homes cool.
The Government have taken long-overdue steps to secure rooftop solar on new builds, but there is even greater untapped potential on existing commercial and domestic rooftops.
Will Ministers consider introducing a scheme, similar to those in other countries, offering free installation of rooftop solar for businesses and residents?
The costs could be paid back through a long-term power-purchasing agreement.
That would simultaneously increase the supply of clean energy and cut bills.
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the potential of solar on our commercial buildings.
We know that solar can reduce energy bills by about £600.
We are looking at all the options, because we are absolutely serious about a solar rooftop revolution, whether on our homes or commercial buildings.