I see the north-east as an absolute powerhouse for the clean energy jobs we want to create.
Early on in this Government, we did something which again had been talked about for years by the Conservative party in delivering the east coast carbon capture, usage and storage cluster, which is projected to create thousands of jobs, including benefits for my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
It is not just the direct jobs that will be created, but jobs in the supply chain.
We have an opportunity—the north-east will be at the heart of this—to lead in the clean energy jobs of the future.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on critical minerals.
Building local supply chains in Cornwall is one of the primary means by which local people can benefit, if we are to dig nearly £1 billion-worth of stuff out of the ground every year or pump 95 GW of offshore wind power onshore.
Therefore, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that supply chain businesses, particularly those of the size we have in Cornwall, and their workforces get the support they need, so that workers and local communities may share in the spoils of that investment?
Let me first say how much I love Cornwall.
I love Cornwall for many reasons, but one reason I love it is the opportunity it offers to drive the jobs of the future.
I know from my visit that, whether it is through critical minerals, geothermal or offshore wind, there are huge opportunities in Cornwall.
That is what the industrial strategy is designed to superpower.
That is what the huge investments my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor made in the spending review will provide.
As part of our clean energy workforce strategy later on this year, Cornwall will be at the heart of it.
I know that the Secretary of State loves Harlow as well.
Does he agree that the historic investment in clean energy secured at the spending review will mean thousands of job opportunities for young people, including in Harlow, in renewable energies, nuclear, energy efficiency and so much more?
I love Harlow, Mr Speaker, and I love Harlow college.
The visits I have made to the college have been incredibly inspiring; I have seen with my own eyes the enthusiastic young people there and spoken to them about green skills and the jobs of the future.
When I think about what this Government intend to deliver, it is absolutely about my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Harlow.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating TK Murray Ltd—no relation, honest—an energy-saving contractor based in Kilsyth, on having already cross-trained more than half its workforce to become fully fledged installers of air source heat pump technology from gas boilers?
This has been facilitated by Warmworks, which has developed a supply chain of more than 30 small and medium-sized enterprises to make more than 750 green jobs a reality.
I love Cumbernauld, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend raises the important opportunities in heat pump technology.
The growth in heat pumps that we are seeing is not just about a better deal for consumers, but about the manufacturing that we can see.
My hon.
Friend has given a great example of that.
If the Secretary of State loves Shropshire, and I am sure he does, I hope he will not bulldoze over all our green belt—but that is another story for another day.