GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Mr. Sean Arnold has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, he helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Mr. Arnold was a strong advocate for bringing in government and

non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear Sean Arnold has made a profoundly positive impact on our

community, and I am grateful for his service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SHAE BURGESS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Shae Burgess has made to our community as a

volunteer with Pasco County Schools.
Shae's has been an integral part

of organizing a more robust support system for the school's athletic

teams.
With a passion for sports and a heart for service, Shae took on

the challenge of revitalizing the athletic booster program.
Under

Shae's leadership, the booster program has flourished.
They have

organized numerous fundraising events and supported multiple school

organizations.
These funds have been used to purchase new equipment,

upgrade facilities, and provide scholarships for student-athletes.
Shae's innovative ideas and relentless drive have not only increased

financial support but also boosted community involvement and school

spirit.
In addition to her work with the booster program, Shae

volunteers directly with the sports teams.
Shae is always there to lend

a hand and mentor other volunteers.
Shae's commitment to the school

extends to the staff as well.
Recognizing the hard work and dedication

of teachers and administrators, Shae has initiated several programs to

show appreciation for their efforts.
She organizes staff appreciation

events, where teachers and staff are treated to breakfast or lunch, and

receive tokens of gratitude from the community.
Through her actions,

Shae has fostered a sense of unity and pride within the school

community.
Her ability to bring people together, whether it's parents,

students, or staff, has created a supportive environment.
Shae's impact

is felt not just in the success of the athletic programs, but in the

overall morale and spirit of the school.
Shae Burgess is a remarkable

volunteer whose dedication and hard work have made a lasting

difference.
Shae's story is a testament to the power of volunteerism

and the profound impact one person can have when they commit to making

a difference.
It is clear Shae Burgess has made a profoundly positive impact on our

community, and

I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to serve our

communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ZION METHODIST CHURCH IN EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NEW JERSEY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of visiting Zion

United Methodist Church in historic Bargaintown, South Jersey, as they

were awarded an America 250 marker to honor the American Revolution

patriots buried on their grounds.
This church has a rich history,

dating back to 1764, when it was built by Presbyterian residents and

American Revolution patriot, John Brainerd.
In 1814, the Methodists

purchased the building before constructing the brick church that still

stands today.
This Church serves as the final resting place for many

brave American soldiers from both the Revolutionary War and the Civil

War.
Walking through its grounds is a powerful reminder of the

sacrifices made for our freedom.
But the Church isn't just about

preserving history--it's about serving the community.
Through missions

like their Free Food and Walk-In Pantry Distribution, online Bible

study, and summer concert series, they continue their mission of faith

and service.