Walking through its grounds is a powerful reminder of the

sacrifices made for our freedom.
But the Church isn't just about

preserving history--it's about serving the community.
Through missions

like their Free Food and Walk-In Pantry Distribution, online Bible

study, and summer concert series, they continue their mission of faith

and service.
I thank Zion Methodist Church, for the great things they

do through the love of Jesus and for their incredible commitment to

remembering the first heroes to our great Nation.
God bless Zion

Methodist Church and God bless our United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 5, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 10

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human

Services, and Education, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the National Institutes of Health.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jacob

Helberg, of Florida, to be an Under Secretary for

Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment, Andrew

Puzder, of Tennessee, to be Representative of the

United States of America to the European Union, with

the rank of Ambassador, and Paul Kapur, of California,

to be Assistant Secretary for South Asian Affairs, all

of the Department of State, and Benjamin Black, of New

York, to be Chief Executive Officer of the United

States International Development Finance Corporation.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Border Management, Federal Workforce, and

Regulatory Affairs

To hold oversight hearings to examine the Federal

Government's border management and personnel readiness

efforts for the decade of sports.
2 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Defense.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brian

Quintenz, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner and Chairman of

the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
JUNE 11

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of the Interior.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the privacy and national

security implications of the 23andMe bankruptcy.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Army Corps of Engineers and

the Bureau of Reclamation.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine reforms after the storms,

focusing on conducting oversight of SBA's Disaster Loan

Program.
3 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Housing and

Urban Development.