Mr. ROGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to one of my trusted advisors and friends, Mike Duncan, who paved a path with business and political expertise from rural Martin County, Kentucky, all the way to the White House.
Over the last five decades, Mike has served as a remarkable political strategist, dressed sharply in the armor of wisdom, confidence, and patriotism, commanding the respect of our peers at the highest ranks of the Republican Party.
He has served on six Presidential campaigns, served as Chairman and General Counsel of the RNC, and was elected as a Kentucky delegate to eleven Republican National Conventions.
There is no place for timidity or fear when preserving the foundation of our conservative values, and I applaud Mike's staunch advocacy of the GOP year after year.
In fact, his stalwart leadership has been commissioned by a multitude of organizations and the Nation's foremost leaders, including President George H.W. Bush, President George W. Bush, and President Donald J. Trump.
He served as Chairman of the U.S. Postal Service Board of Governors and was appointed by President George W. Bush to the Tennessee Valley Authority.
There is no higher honor in the United States than serving our Commander-in-Chief, yet he also dedicated time to mentor rising leaders at Alice Lloyd College, and serve on the boards of nonprofit organizations, like the Christian Appalachian Project and The Center for Rural Development.
When I embarked on a mission to establish The Center for Rural Development (The Center) for Southern and Eastern Kentucky in 1996, I invited Mike to serve on the Board of Directors, harnessing his financial expertise, his visionary mind, and his passion to raise up the next generation of leaders.
He conceptualized the youth programs at The Center, including my namesake Rogers Scholars Program to provide opportunities for our rising students in the mountains to earn college scholarship awards, learn leadership skills, expand their horizons, and interact with local and regional business owners, leaders, and educators.
Since inception, more than 1,300 students have graduated from the Rogers Scholars program, earning more than $11 million in scholarships from 19 participating colleges and universities.
Mike's legacy is the epitome of what we need to replicate among our future generations: sons and daughters of Eastern Kentucky who choose to use their talents and energy to make our region, our state, and our great Nation a better place to live.