as Brigade Commander of the 10th Combat Aviation Brigade and Chief of Staff for the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, New York.
Additionally, he assumed responsibilities as Deputy Commanding General of U.S. Army Cadet Command in Fort Knox, Kentucky, and later as Commanding General at U.S. Army Special Operations Aviation Command at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
His tenure included service as Director of Army Aviation at the Pentagon and Commanding General of Division West of First U.S. Army at Fort Hood, Texas, which oversaw five brigades and two mobilization sites nationwide.
Furthermore, he served as Director of Force Development in G-8.
His military awards and decorations include: 4 Distinguished Service Medals, 4 Legions of Merit, 6 Bronze Star Medals, 5 Meritorious Service Medals, 5 Air Medals Valor Device, the NATO Meritorious Service Medal, the Combat Action Badge, the Master Aviator Badge, the Master Parachutist Badge, and the Air Assault Badge.
His foreign military awards include: the Kuwait Liberation Medal from the Governments of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Korea Order of National Security Merit Cheonsu Medal, the Australian Parachutist Badge, the Honorary Republic of Korea Master Aviator Badge, and the Honorary Swedish Parachutist Badge.
In addition, he is the U.S. Committee of the Blue Shield's first recipient of the Award for Meritorious Military Service in Protection Officer Training Corps Hall of Fame in 2016.
Upon his retirement as Deputy Chief of Staff, G-8, after 38 years of service, Lieutenant General Erik Peterson leaves behind a legacy of honor and dedication, whereas he will retire with the distinction of being the highest-ranking U.S. Army Officer in the history of the state It is our greatest honor to recognize Lieutenant General Erik Peterson for the outstanding contributions he's made to the people of Idaho and the Nation through his distinguished military service and commitment to the defense of our Nation.
We thank him for his service and wish him well in retirement.