APRIL 17 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy and National Nuclear Security Administration atomic energy defense activities in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
SD-G50 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Colleen Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, and Anne Marie Wagner, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, and David Huitema, of Maryland, to be Director of the Office.
SD-342 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the FAA Organization Designation Authorization (ODA) Expert Panel Report.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher T. Hanson, of Michigan, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
SD-406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the President's 2024 trade policy agenda.
SD-215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine modernizing United States alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific.
SD-419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
SD-226 11:15 a.m.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety culture, focusing on firsthand accounts.
SD-342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2024 for the Department SD-192 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America, focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities for Food is Medicine.
SD-430 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine an update on foreign threats to the 2024 elections.
SH-216 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense's efforts to ensure servicemembers' access to safe, highquality pharmaceuticals.
SD-G50 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to periodically review the automatic maximum coverage under Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance program and the Veterans' Group Life Insurance program, S. 1590, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend increased dependency and indemnity compensation paid to surviving spouses of veterans who die from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, regardless of how long the veterans had such disease prior to death, S. 1910, to expand the VetSuccess on Campus program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 2014, to ensure that certain members of the Armed Forces who served in female cultural support teams receive proper credit for such service, S. 2181, to amend title 38, United States Code, to repeal the sunset on entitlement to memorial headstones and markers for commemoration of veterans and certain individuals and to repeal the sunset on authority to bury remains of certain spouses and children in national cemeteries, S. 2276, to provide for opt-out sharing of information on members retiring or separating from the Armed Forces with community-based organizations and related entities, S. 2718, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve matters relating to medical examinations for veterans disability compensation, S. 2778, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a report on competition among suppliers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 2863, to establish the Commission on Equity and Reconciliation in the Uniformed Services, S. 2873, to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the Women-Owned Small Business program in the Department of Veterans Affairs procurement hierarchy of small business preferences, S. 2888, to amend title 10, United States Code, to authorize representatives of veterans service organizations to participate in presentations to promote certain benefits available to veterans during preseparation counseling under the Transition Assistance Program of the Department of Defense, S. 3126, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish or replace a headstone, marker, or medallion for the grave of an eligible Medal of Honor recipient regardless of the recipient's dates of service in the Armed Forces, S. 3256, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Experience Office, S. 3295, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a portal for maintaining digital records of former members of the Armed Forces and to establish an advisory committee regarding the maintenance of those records, S. 3452, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to determine the eligibility or entitlement of a member or former member of the Armed Forces described in subsection (a) to a benefit under a law administered by the Secretary solely based on alternative sources of evidence when the military service records or medical treatment records of the member or former member are incomplete because of damage or loss of records after being in the possession of the Federal Government, S. 3567, to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a Veterans Affairs History Office, S. 3636, to require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to establish a pilot program to identify and refer veterans for potential employment with Federal land management agencies, S. 3728, to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify the administration of housing loans of the Department such loans, S. 3746, to amend title 38, United States Code, to