Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Community Transformation Church on its centennial, which fell on April 14, 2024.
Community Transformation Church is based in Houston, Texas, and has eight satellite campuses located across Texas and Arkansas.
The Community Transformation Church that exists today started with two different churches: Magnolia Park Assembly of God and Oaklawn Assembly.
Magnolia Park Assembly of God was founded around 1924 by Rev. Jimmy McClellan.
Two years later, in 1926, Rev. E.M. Yeats became the pastor and served until his retirement in 1976.
In addition to Magnolia Park, Rev. McClellan also organized the Oaklawn Assembly.
During the years leading up to the 1976 merger, Revs.
Worth Williams, Hardie Weathers, Cleddy Keith, and O.C. Bates all served as church pastors.
After the two churches came together, they took on the name Christian Temple Assembly of God and met at the old Magnolia Park location.
Thanks to the significant growth, a 10-acre plot was eventually purchased on Almeda Genoa Road, and the church began a million-dollar building campaign for a new sanctuary that opened on Easter Sunday 1983.
Rev. Bates was the first pastor of Christian Temple, where he served for 25 years.
In June 2023, the church once again took on a new name: the Community Transformation Church.
Pastors Don and Susan Nordin have led the church since November 4, 2001.
Throughout the last 23 years, Community Transformation Church has started five campuses that were gifted away, given millions of dollars to mission efforts across the world, and much more to show the love of Christ across the region they serve.
Community Transformation Church has also started eight residential drug and alcohol treatment centers and created a 38-acre ranch for rescued girls who have been trafficked.
Over the past century, it is evident the Lord has used this historic church to demonstrate the love, kindness, and generosity of Jesus Christ in the surrounding community and worldwide.
May God continue to bless Community Transformation Church and its members for many years to come.