Following the hearing, the delegation was given a tour of the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, including the office used by U.S. Justice Robert H. Jackson, who was the Chief U.S. prosecutor for the international Nuremberg trials in the 1940s, by Judge Stephan Husemann, Judge at the Higher Regional Court of Nuremberg, and Dr. Thomas Dickert, President of the Higher Regional Court.
On Wednesday February 21st, the CODEL met with IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi to discuss Iran and nuclear proliferation as well as the condition and safety concerns of the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine.
The CODEL was accompanied by U.S. Ambassador Laura Holgate, U.S. Ambassador to the Vienna Office of the United Nations and to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
They also met with staff of UNODC to discuss concerns about the vulnerability of Ukrainian refugees to human trafficking, including from the Research and Trend Analysis Branch: Angela Me, Branch Chief; and Fabrizio Sarrica, Research Coordinator; as well as from the Human Trafficking and Migrant Smuggling Section: Ilias Chatzis, Chief of Section; Panagiotis Papadimitriou, Team Leader Technical Cooperation; and Silke Albert, Team Leader Child Trafficking and Survivor Engagement.
The CODEL later received a very informative briefing by U.S. Ambassador Michael Carpenter, Permanent 
Representative of the United States of America to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, on developments in the OSCE.
Ambassador Carpenter has been very effective and will be missed as he now has White House service.
On Thursday February 22nd, I chaired the bipartisan U.S. delegation to the 23rd Winter Meeting of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE PA) in Vienna, Austria.
More than 230 parliamentarians from 54 countries participated in the meeting, which took place in the runup to the second-anniversary of Russia's illegal full-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022.
Our delegation joined with other like-minded parliamentarians to showcase broadbased international solidarity with Ukraine in its fight to repel the Putin invasion and restore Ukraine's territorial integrity.
In addition, there was attention to the assassination of democratic opposition leader Alexei