Representatives.
Afterwards, en route to Nuremberg, the U.S. delegation presented a wreath in memory of the over 41,000 murdered at the Dachau Concentration Camp during the Nazi Holocaust targeting the Jewish people and others opposing Hitler's genocidal policies.
Mr. Karl Freller, Director of the Bavarian Memorial Foundation, expert guide Alex Pearman, and Press Officer Verena Bierl provided the gruesome history of the infamous camp.
At Nuremberg, the delegation met with Ukrainian community refugees at the German-American Institute welcomed by Professor Andreas Falke, Director of the German-American Institute in Nuremberg.
Tuesday, February 20th, it was historic to host a field hearing at the Nuremberg Palace of Justice Courthouse, Room 600, where the Nazi war criminals were tried after World War II.
The U.S. Organization for Cooperation in Europe delegation was bi-cameral with 
Senator Thom Tillis (NC) and bi-partisan with Congressman Lloyd Doggett (TX) and recorded testimony by Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, as well as Congresswoman Victoria Spartz (IN), and Congressman Andy Harris (MD).
This was a field hearing to examine how best to bring Russian perpetrators to account for their war crimes in Ukraine.
The hearing was opened with welcoming remarks from Ukrainian President Zelenskyy, who, addressing the hearing in a video, said ``No war can be truly ended without bringing to justice those thugs responsible for sparking this war, killing, and torching, deporting children and adults...
When determination arises and justice prevails, the aggressor falls and evil gets punished.
Action makes a difference.''
Other welcoming remarks were given by Professor Christoph Safferling, Director of the Nuremberg Academy; 
Mr. Marcus Konig, Lord Mayor of the City of Nuremberg; Tobias Winkler, Member of the Bundestag; 
Ms. Angelika Schlunck, State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Justice of Germany (pre-recorded video); and Dr. Georg Eisenreich, Minister of Justice of Bavaria (prerecorded video).
Panelists included: Andriy Kostin, Prosecutor General of Ukraine; Prof. Veronika Bilkova, OSCE Moscow Mechanism Rapporteur, Head of the Department of International Law, Faculty of Law of the Charles University; Roman Avramenko, Director of Truth Hounds; Roksolana Burianenko, Program Manager, Ukrainian Archive, Mnemonic; Dr Gabija Grigaite-Daugird, Deputy Minister of Justice, Lithuania; Professor Christoph Safferling, Director of the International Nuremberg Principles Academy; and Both van Schaack, U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice.