Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, it is encouraging that America's valued European allies are facing the Dictators with Rule of Gun invading Democracies with Rule.
The Axis of Evil war criminal Putin, the regime in Tehran, and the Chinese Communist Party are being recognized for their murderous conduct and threats.
Last week I served on bipartisan delegations to Munich, Nurernberg, and Vienna.
The Munich Security Conference delegation was led by Chairman Mike Turner with Ranking Member Jim Himes.
For 60 years, the Conference has been an extraordinary forum for world leaders to provide their policies with many side meetings.
Opening day was gruesomely coincided with the announcement of the assassination of Alexey Navalny by war criminal Putin.
His widow Yulia Navalnaya courageously spoke to proclaim the efforts to resist Putin's oppression of the Russian people will continue.
Highlights of our Saturday, February 17th meetings at the Munich Security Conference were Chairman Mike Turner hosting a ``Conversation'' with the Mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko, the American German Institute at Johns Hopkins policy discussion with German Minister of Defense Boris Pistorius, a speech by Vice President Kamala Harris, a U.S.-Netherlands meeting with Dutch Ministers Kasja Ollongren of Defense and Hanke Bruins Slot of Foreign Affairs, U.S.-German meeting with Chancellor Olaf Scholz, the U.S.-Ukraine meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a U.S.-Iraq meeting with Prime Minister Shia' Al Sudani, a briefing by U.S. European Commander General Christopher Cavoli, and concluding with a dinner featuring former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, with Prime Minister Nikolay Denkov of Bulgaria, and Deputy Prime Minister Olha Stefanishyna of Ukraine, as we later met President Iham Aliyev.
The next day, on Sunday, February 18th at the Munich Security Conference, key meetings included a U.S.-Swedish bilateral session with Swedish Minister of Defense Pal Johnson, a breakfast meeting on national security challenges in space with former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, a U.S,-Romania bilateral meeting with Romanian Minister of Foreign Affairs Luminita Odobescu, a U.S.-Ukrainian bilateral meeting with Ukrainian parliamentarians led by Yehor Cherniev, and a meeting featuring former General and CIA Director David Petraeus.
In the afternoon, as the Chair of the Commission on Cooperation and Security in Europe, I hosted the Commission's first-ever side event at the Munich Security Conference with the U.S. Ambassador to the OSCE, Michael Carpenter.
The lunch discussion on the future of international institutions and U.S. support brought together Congressional and international organization leaders.
Our international participants included Helga Schmid, Secretary General of OSCE; Mircea Geoana, Deputy Secretary General of NATO; Boris Ruge, NATO Assistant Secretary General for Political Affairs and Security Policy; Stephen Biegun, Senior Vice President for Global Public Policy, Boeing Company; Michael Georg Link, Member of Bundestag, Coordinator of Transatlantic Cooperation; Ambassador Gesa Brautigam, Special Envoy for Feminist Foreign Policy and Human Rights, German Foreign Office; Majda Ruge, Senior Policy Fellow, European Council on Foreign Relations; and Fabrizio Micalizzi, Chief of Staff to Coordinator of Transatlantic Cooperation, Bundestag.
In addition to myself and Ambassador Carpenter, the U.S. delegation was honored to include Congressman Lloyd Doggett, Congresswoman Victoria Spartz, and Margaret Grun Kibben, Chaplain of the U.S. House of