Navalny in a Siberian gulag, which underscores the Putin oppression of Russian citizens.
During the course of the sessions, the delegation was grateful to host and meet with: President Pia Kauma of Finland, Secretary General Roberto Montella, and Ukrainian Head.
It was appreciated to meet with Ambassador Peter Burian, former Foreign Minister and Ambassador to the United States for Slovakia, and the successful host of the Fall Assembly in Yerevan, Parliamentarian Sargis Khandanyan.
I was grateful to moderate a side event titled ``Enforcing the Sanctions Against Russia'' co-sponsored by the Norwegian and Ukrainian delegations.
The panel featured Erlend B. Bjoertvedt, sanctions expert Corisk consultancy; Bill Browder, Head of the Global Magnitsky Justice Campaign; and Gunnar M. Ekelove-Slydal, Executive Director of the Norwegian Helsinki Committee.
Our delegation, joined by Congressman Brad Schneider, held a bilateral meeting with members of the Israeli Knesset MK Ram Ben Barak (Yesh Atid Party), MK Hanoch Dov Milwidsky (Likud Party), and Israeli Permanent 
Representative to the OSCE David Roet.
We also held a bilateral meeting with the Romanian delegation, including Romanian Head of Delegation Dan Barna, MP Hajdu Gabor, MP Christine Thellmann, and Romanian Permanent 
Representative to the International Organizations in Vienna Stelian Stoian.
As we look back on this important and historic trip, I want to add my special thanks to the educated OSCE staff that helped make it possible, including Janice Helwig, Everett Price, Marcus Micheli, Jennifer McCuiston, Paul Massaro, Rachel Bauman, Mike Geffroy, Bakhti Nishanov, and Steven Schrage.
Especially important is the incredible work and service of the excellent team of Marines who led the complex logistics of the trip, particularly MGySgt Wesley Helms, GySgt Catalina Delgado, and 2nd Lt Lauren Anderson.
They and, and all of the individuals above, helped bring critical attention and energy to the historic challenges we face as we stand against dictators and the rule of gun, and for democracy and the rule of law, in Europe and the wider world.