The question that we must ask ourselves today at the annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Celebration is ``What can I do to make the world a better place? ''
Not just presently but for future generations.
There indeed is a great work for all of us to do.
We must labor and be faithful to be fruitful in order to reap a plentiful harvest.
He expressed that life's most persistent and urgent question must be.
``What are you doing for others? ''
Dr. King's ultimate societal goal was the achievement of structuring a nonviolent beloved community that would embrace those of various ethnicities and backgrounds to all be seated at the table of brotherhood.
Dr. King declared ``Poverty is the bride of crime.''
We look at the disease of violence and mass incarceration but we must unmask it to analyze societal symptoms.
The symptoms are poverty, lack of education, dilapidation of communities, unseemly blight, gentrification, and redlining are the symptoms that create the disease and dis-ease that we see.
His decision to speak out against the tyranny of the Vietnam War made him a marked man more than ever before.
Dr. King spoke about the triple evils of racism, militarism, and materialism seeking to redistribute the wealth in the Black community through group economics.
When Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968 in Memphis, Tennessee, his popularity was at its lowest and the threats on his life were at its highest.
His name was ran through the streets and now we name the streets after him.
Dr. King was not killed because he had a dream.
He was killed because he spoke out about the nightmare in these yet to be United States.
He became the moral conscience.
He challenged our nation and even the world in a greater context, to ``Learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.''
He proclaimed ``The true measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of crisis, challenge, and controversy.''
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., challenged us despite race, creed, or color to come together, stay together and work together.
Simply because coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress but working together is success.