Chief Kelley began his career in public safety when he was hired by his hometown police department on January 29, 1996.
His diligent work resulted in a cascade of training awards and frequent promotions.
He excelled in all aspects of his work.
For example, he received the Samuel J. Luciano award for graduating first in his class and the TFC Allan J. Tuskowski award for overall excellence in training.
In his career he took on a vast expanse of roles, including serving as a Patrol Division, a K-9 handler, Detective Sergeant, Lieutenant, and Captain of the Vernon Police Department, all before 2015.
Additionally, he graduated from the FBI National Academy (273rd session) and the Command Training Series, Executive Development program at Roger Williams University.
Given the respect and high regard he earned through the ranks of the Police department, he was the ideal candidate for Chief of Police upon the retirement of his predecessor, Chief James Kenny.
As Chief, Kelley made major contributions to the improvement of the Police Department.
He oversaw the implementation of technological advancements, the upgrade of body and dash cameras, upgraded duty handguns and rifles, formed a peer support team, and played a key role in the POSTC accreditation assessment.
He was so proactive that the POSTC accreditation was accomplished over two years ahead of schedule.
Chief Kelley

uniquely understands the value of teamwork in public service.
Most recently in his tenure, Chief Kelley implemented hundreds of thousands of COVID-19 Federal American Rescue Plan dollars in Vernon PD projects, increasing the town's emergency response capability and upgrading its technology.
Not only did Chief Kelley dedicate immense portions of his time and effort to helping his town, but he also equipped these individuals with the tools and resources to help themselves in times of need.
As Kelley put it himself, ``The Vernon Police Department is committed to excellence and the delivery of professional police services while providing its members with the equipment and training needed to successfully complete the mission''.
He educated many community members and in turn increased their self-sufficiency in moments of need.
The impact of Chief Kelley's career will live on for many years after his departure.
His legacy will instill a confident and prepared police force that will carry out its mission to foster a safe community that he and his family supported throughout many decades.
Although John Kelley is retiring from his role as Police Chief on March 22, 2024, his involvement in the region will continue as he transitions to working as an armed school security officer in Ellington Public Schools on March 25.
Not one to be idle, Mr. Kelley has allotted himself a mere three days of rest between retirement and the return to work.
From his experience and education, one can easily see Chief Kelley's promising future as a school security officer.
His pleasant demeanor and commitment to the wellbeing of other Vernon residents will surely inspire the future generations of Americans to follow in his footsteps.
It will be an honor to continue to serve alongside John Kelley in his new role, protecting and educating Northeastern Connecticut students who benefit from his example of how to treat other individuals with respect and achieve academic success.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and immortalize the career and accomplishments of John Kelley.
From the U.S. Army Reserve to the Vernon Police Department, to his future role as an armed school security officer in Ellington, Chief Kelley has always put his life on the line for the safety of others.
He is a reliable and amiable individual whose devotion to his community shines through in every aspect of his being.
One may hope that his humility and thoughtfulness are emulated by future generations of Americans.
As Chief Kelley caps off 28 years of consummate service to Vernon, we should acknowledge his wife, Kellie, and daughters Grace and Abby.