TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the inauguration

of Dr. Adiam Tsegai, SUNY Erie's 13th President.
Dr. Adiam Tsegai is an alumnus of SUNY Erie Community College where

she earned her Associates Degree in Liberal Arts and Social Science.
Continuing her education at the University of Buffalo, Dr. Tsegai

earned a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and African American Studies.
She also received a Master's degree in Education and received her

Ph.
D. in Education, Leadership Policy, and Social Foundations.
Dr. Tsegai joined SUNY Erie as the Dean of Engineering and

Technologies in 2018 and then served as Associate Vice President for

Academic Affairs for Health Sciences, Engineering, and Technologies.
In

2021, she was appointed as Provost and Vice President of Academic

Affairs for the College.
Dr. Tsegai served as the College's Officer-in-

Charge, and on December 5, 2023, was appointed the President of SUNY

Erie.
Today, we thank Dr. Adiam Tsegai for her commitment to higher

education and serving the community.
Please join me in congratulating

Dr. Adiam Tsegai on this momentous occasion and for her continued

leadership and passion for education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE CREEK VA MEDICAL

CENTER

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Battle Creek

VA Medical Center for 100 years of service to our Nation's veterans.
Completed in 1924, the Battle Creek VA Medical Center was the 100th

VA hospital in the United States.
When it first opened, staff and

patients from the hospital farmed about 200 acres of the 675-acre

property.
This activity served as therapy for the patients and allowed

the hospital to be more self-sufficient.
Today, the Battle Creek VA Medical Center has a wonderful campus that

includes 30 buildings that are used for patient care and administrative

offices.
At its peak, the Medical Center had over 1,400 beds while

today the focus is primarily on outpatient care.
As the son of a disabled WWII veteran, who received care in Battle

Creek, I have experienced firsthand the critical need for ensuring that

the men and women who have served our Nation receive the respect and

care they have earned.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the staff and care teams at

the Battle Creek VA Medical Center who have prioritized caring for our

veterans as well as our community for the past 100 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CC YIN'S 88TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise with my colleagues,

Congressmen Ted Lieu and Mike Thompson to honor CC Yin as he celebrates

his 88th birthday.
Mr. Yin is a remarkable entrepreneur, community

leader, and philanthropist whose impact is felt far and wide.
Mr. Yin immigrated to the United States in the 1960s with only $100

in his pocket.
He earned a mechanical engineering degree from the

University of California, Berkeley, and later purchased a struggling

McDonald's in Oakland, California.
Together with his wife, he grew that

single location into 30 successful franchises across Northern

California.
Their business achievements enabled them to focus on

philanthropy and community leadership, particularly within the Asian

American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) community.
In 2001, Mr. Yin founded the Asian Pacific American Public Affairs

(APAPA) organization, which promotes civic engagement, leadership, and

education within the AAPI community.
APAPA's mission has expanded

nationwide, with multiple chapters across the United States.
The

organization provides scholarships and leadership training to empower

the next generation of AAPI leaders.
Mr. Yin's vision and dedication are an inspiration to our community

and have earned him numerous awards and recognition from both state and

national organizations.
His leadership has made a lasting difference,

and our communities are stronger because of his contributions.
We thank

him for being a beacon of light in our community.