Title: CELEBRATING 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DOLORES LORRAINE CLEMONS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
156

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DOLORES LORRAINE CLEMONS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mrs. Dolores L.

Clemons on her 100th birthday.
As she celebrates her 100th birthday,

her life story is a beautiful tapestry woven with love and resilience.
Born on October 8, 1924, in Coudersport, Pennsylvania, Mrs. Clemons

is a devoted mother of nine and embodies the spirit of caring within

her family and to everyone she meets.
After 21 years of service, Mrs. Clemons retired from Buffalo General

Hospital, where she dedicated her career as a nursery technician caring

for newborn and infant children and later as a nurse in the emergency

room, touching the lives of countless patients with her compassionate

care.
Over the years, she has witnessed many changes in her life and

community, yet her love for those around her has remained a constant

source of strength.
Known as the best baker in the family, she has

created countless sweet memories, sharing her delicious treats with

loved ones.
As an avid traveler, she cherished journeys to visit her siblings

across the country, celebrating the bonds of family.
Married for over

60 years to Morris Clemons, Mrs. Clemons' life is a testament to

enduring love.
As she looks to the future, her goals remain simple yet

profound: to stay healthy and continue sharing her warmth and wisdom

with those around her.
Today, we thank Mrs. Dolores L. Clemons for being a truly remarkable

woman, and her legacy of care and kindness with surely live on for

generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 62ND BIRTHDAY OF KIMBERLY COLLINS-JONES

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Kimberly

Collins-Jones on the occasion of her 62nd birthday.
Born on October 11,

1964, in Buffalo, New York, Mrs. Collins-Jones is a cherished wife to

Ulysses Jones and a devoted mother of two.
She enriches the lives of

her loved ones, ensuring that every gathering is filled with laughter,

love, and delectable food.
In addition to her culinary talents, Mrs. Collins-Jones is a

dedicated member of True Bethel Baptist Church, where she has devoted

two decades of service.
She also plays an important role in the

Paramount Order of Eastern Stars, exemplifying her commitment to

community service.
As the proud owner of Phat Katz in the heart of the University

District, Mrs. Collins-Jones has transformed her dream into a vibrant

reality.
Since opening in May 2016, her restaurant has become a beloved

institution in Buffalo, renowned for its soul food that nourishes both

body and spirit.
It is a place where families gather, friendships

blossom, and memories are created over delicious meals.
Mrs. Collins-Jones' culinary journey is deeply rooted in her

upbringing in Buffalo, where growing up in a large family of nine

instilled in her the understanding that cooking is about more than

sustenance; it is about love, tradition, and togetherness.
Inspired by

her mother's ability to create feasts that brought joy to their home,

her passion for cooking continues to shine through every dish she

serves.
Today, we celebrate Mrs. Kimberly Collins-Jones for her remarkable

achievements, her generous spirit, and the countless lives she has

touched.
Here's to 62 wonderful years and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE INAUGURATION OF SUNY ERIE'S 13TH PRESIDENT DR.
ADIAM

TSEGAI

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the inauguration

of Dr. Adiam Tsegai, SUNY Erie's 13th President.
Dr. Adiam Tsegai is an alumnus of SUNY Erie Community College where

she earned her Associates Degree in Liberal Arts and Social Science.