Mr. Yin's vision and dedication are an inspiration to our community

and have earned him numerous awards and recognition from both state and

national organizations.
His leadership has made a lasting difference,

and our communities are stronger because of his contributions.
We thank

him for being a beacon of light in our community.
On behalf of the constituents of California's 4th, 8th, and 36th

Congressional Districts, we wish Mr. Yin a very happy 88th birthday and

extend our sincere gratitude for his service to the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
PETER JENKS

HON.
BLAKE D. MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Utah.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to

honor the exceptional accomplishments of Mr. Peter Jenks, who has

recently been selected for the Top of Utah Military Affairs Committee's

Western Big Hat Award.
This award--first given to Admiral Chester

Nimitz--recognizes individuals who have demonstrated outstanding

service to their community.
Anyone who knows Peter knows that there is

no one more deserving of this award than he.
I know Peter best for his dedicated service to my constituents in

Northern Utah, but his influence extends far beyond this narrow

snapshot of his career.
Peter has served Utah's First Congressional

District for three decades, working as district director for three

consecutive Members of Congress.
In this role, he has been critical to

the success of this office and Congressional District, especially in

serving the needs of our servicemen and women at Hill Air Force Base.
Beyond work, Peter is consistently generous with his time.
He is a

current board member and former president of the Utah Defense Alliance

where he leads efforts to engage state and local government and

military and business leaders on defense and aerospace issues.
He also

serves Wolf Creek Foundation board, serving and supporting the families

of deployed military members.
Peter has twice served as Honorary Commander at Hill Air Force Base,

first with the 388th Fighter Wing and later with the 419th Fighter Wing

and is universally loved by all who have worked with him.
Those lucky

enough to know him know there is no more loyal a friend nor selfless a

mentor than Peter Jenks.
It is my honor to recognize Peter's accomplishment and service for

Utah's First Congressional District and our Nation's service members.
Utah and the United States are better because of his work and example.
I thank Peter for his service and sacrifice throughout the years.
He is

a model of courage, selfless service, and altruism from whom we can all

learn.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROBERT PEASE

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Robert ``Bobby'' Pease, from

Flemingsburg, Kentucky.
Mr. Pease is an exemplary teacher at Fleming

County High School.
Mr. Pease earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural

Education and a Master of Arts degree in Career and Technical

Education.
He began his teaching career at Fleming County High School

in 2003 and is a national board-certified teacher.
He is a welding

instructor at Fleming County High School and Director of Education at

the Kentucky Welding Institute.
In 2023 and again in 2024, Mr. Pease

coached welding teams from Fleming County High School who were named

the Kentucky FFA State Fair Welding Champions.
Mr. Pease was appointed

as a Curriculum Specialist by the Accrediting Council for Continuing

Education and Training.
He is an AWS Certified Welding Inspector and is

certified with OSHA, an NCCER Master Trainer, and an NCCCO Practical

Examiner.
Mr. Pease was recently honored as one of 25 instructors nationwide to

win the Harbor Freight Tools for Schools Prize for Teaching Excellence.
This very prestigious and well-deserved award includes a $50,000 prize,

to be shared with his school's skilled trades program.
The award was

created to recognize excellence among high school skilled trades

teachers.