Mr. Pease was recently honored as one of 25 instructors nationwide to

win the Harbor Freight Tools for Schools Prize for Teaching Excellence.
This very prestigious and well-deserved award includes a $50,000 prize,

to be shared with his school's skilled trades program.
The award was

created to recognize excellence among high school skilled trades

teachers.
More than 900 applications from all fifty states were

submitted for the 2024 prize.
In addition to all his professional honors.
Mr. Pease serves as a

mentor to his students and encourages them as he prepares them for good

careers and a bright future.
He is well-respected both at school and in

the Flemingsburg community.
I am honored to recognize him before the

House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF CAPTAIN RONALD W. FORRESTER

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

sacrifice of U.S. Marine Corps Captain Ronald W. Forrester.
CAPT

Forrester was reported missing in action during a combat mission during

the Vietnam War.
His remains were identified and accounted for on

December 4, 2023, and he was buried with full military honors in

Arlington National Cemetery on October 7, 2024.
His answered call to

service and dedication to our Nation left a legacy that has impacted

multiple generations.
CAPT Forrester was raised in Odessa, Texas and graduated from Texas

A&M University in 1969.
At Texas A&M University, he was a member of the

Corps of Cadets before being commissioned as an officer into the Marine

Corps.
Within the Marine Corps, CAPT Forrester was a member of the Marine

All-Weather Attack Squadron 533, Marine Air Group 15, 1st Marine Air

Wing.
On December 27, 1972, Forrester was assigned as the bombardier/

navigator aboard an A-6A Intruder along with the pilot, Captain Jim

Chipman.
During a nighttime combat mission over North Vietnam, radio

contact with the aircraft was lost, and subsequent aerial search teams

were unable to locate the missing plane or its crew.
After several

months, the Marine Corps changed the crew's initial Missing In Action

status to Killed In Action.
On December 4, 2023, the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA)

identified the remains of Captain Ronald W. Forrester as well as those

of his fellow crewmember, Captain Jim Chipman.
CAPT Forrester was

officially welcomed home in a moving memorial celebration held on

February 2, 2024, at Lake Travis United Methodist Church and attended

by hundreds of his family, friends, Texas A&M classmates, and fellow

veterans from across the country.
At the time of his death, CAPT Forrester was 25 years old and married

to Jana Bland Jenkins with a two-year-old daughter Karoni.
She has

dedicated much of her life to the POW/MIA cause, advocating for

families who have dealt with the painful uncertainty surrounding their

missing loved ones.
The impact of CAPT Forrester's life has influenced more than just

those who knew him.
His nephew, Craig Forrester, followed his path to

Texas A&M, the Corps of Cadets, and the Marine Corps.
Craig Forrester

credits his uncle's memory and legacy with inspiring his own military

service.
Forrester's granddaughter, Lilian Gonzales, believes she would

not be the person she is without the love and support that has

surrounded her because of her grandfather's absence and sacrifice.
Captain Ronald W. Forrester lost his life in service to our Nation,

and we are grateful that his family has been provided closure and

allowed to bring him home to his fInal resting place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CITRUS SOUTH TULE SCHOOL

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Citrus South

Tule School on their 150-year anniversary and thank them for their

significant contributions to the Porterville community.
Citrus South

Tule School, an elementary school located by Lake Success, opened its

doors in 1874 as a one-room schoolhouse.