I am grateful to the Minister for his statement, and I commend  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  for the integrity and courage with which she raised her concerns.
Does the Minister agree that the only way we will see a lasting and just peace in the middle east is through the establishment of a two-state solution in which Israel and Palestine are recognised as equal sovereign states with equal rights and equal responsibilities to uphold international law?
Given that there are now credible accusations of war crimes against both sides in this conflict, will the Government confirm that they will give full support to the International Criminal Court to investigate without fear or favour all allegations of war crimes, regardless of who is accused of them, so that any perpetrator of a war crime, regardless of whose friend or foe they may be, is brought to justice before the international courts?
Given that it is an offence in international law to supply weapons where they may be used in the commission of a war crime, what recent reassessment have the Government made of the legality of their arms sales to the middle east?
Finally, I do not know whether the Minister was in the Chamber to hear my plea on behalf of my constituent Dr Lubna Hadoura—I have written to the Foreign Secretary specifically about her—but will he agree to meet urgently with me and her, and with the Home Secretary, so that we can find an effective way to get the families of UK nationals who are still stuck in Gaza out while the peace lasts?
If we do not get them out during a ceasefire, we might not get them out at all.
Both the Lord Chancellor and I have made clear the position in respect of the International Criminal Court.
I set it out in the House: it is not for Government Ministers and politicians to address these matters, but for the prosecutor and the administration of the International Criminal Court.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly identified future thinking as critical at this time.
He will recall that the progress that was made at Oslo was on the back of the first intifada.
That should give us some confidence in these dreadful sets of circumstances that we need to focus on the future, and a lot of thinking is going on in that respect.
To address his point about the arms regime, he will know that the British Government have the toughest arms export regime in the world, and we adhere absolutely to that.
During this lull in fighting, the whole House wants to see as many hostages as possible released and as much aid as possible getting in, but both sides are committed to recommence fighting.
Does my right hon.
Friend think it is time to call for a demilitarisation of Gaza in the  longer term, and to consider future governance, security and humanitarian plans?
Will he consider a joint summit with the United States, bringing together all the stakeholders to look at the long-term implications of this conflict?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of looking to the medium and the long term, and of doing all that is necessary to bring together people of good will to make progress on the two-state solution.
We want to see all hostages released as swiftly as possible, and we also want to see greater volumes of food, fuel, medicine and life-saving supplies getting into Gaza, principally through Rafah but also through any other plausible means.
Is it the Government’s contention that further hostilities—the destruction of the south of Gaza in the way we have seen the north destroyed, with tens of thousands more killed—will lead easily to a permanent ceasefire, or will it simply embolden the militants?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the very worrying position that exists in the south of Gaza at the moment.
He will have seen that the United Nations and others are considering islands of deconfliction, particularly around Khan Yunis, including safe zones in order to dispense aid.
But, like me, he will be very aware of the dangers experienced in other safe zones in the past, and the risks for civilians who are involved in them.
How can a two-state solution, which everybody says they want—everybody in this Chamber, at any rate—ever come to pass while Hamas remains in control of the Gaza strip?
I do not think that anybody thinks that Hamas are going to remain in charge of the Gaza strip in the medium term, or anything longer than that.
It is great when the Minister gives very quick answers, which is what I asked him to do.
The prospect of the carnage simply resuming at the end of this pause is a really dreadful one.
What is the Minister’s assessment of the likelihood that the ceasefire might be made permanent if, over a period of some further days, all the hostages are released?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the statements by the Israeli Government about the number of hostages to be released and the possibility of extending the pause in that respect.
The view of the British Government is that we should do everything we can to ensure the hostages are released as speedily as possible.
The longer that this pause continues, the greater chance there is for humanitarian aid to get into Gaza and for progress to be made.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that any ceasefire continuing should be linked to the release of more hostages?
Is he concerned that Hamas are breaking the agreement in several ways, including by separating parents and their  children when releasing one but not the other?
They have not even allowed the Red Cross to visit all remaining hostages, which has been a rule in conflict for over 100 years.
Is he not concerned about these breaches?
I am immensely concerned about the fate of all the hostages.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend will know, there were originally about 240 hostages, and as of midnight last night 58 hostages have managed to get out.
At the same time, 117 prisoners have been released by the Israeli Government.
The sooner that all the hostages are out, the better.
Like others, I felt a real sense of relief watching some of the hostages who emerged and were reunited with their families yesterday.
The Minister said that this pause could turn into a one-off; it need not.
I know the issues are incredibly complicated
and I know it is only through international intervention that we will make progress, but could he tell us what steps are being taken not to get to a two-state solution at this point, but to start a peace process between the warring factions that will eventually, one would hope, lead to a two-state solution?
What steps are being taken now by international bodies?