The Defending Democracy Taskforce has an important remit to defend our country and protect our sovereignty.
Given the threats we face, it is vital that rapid progress is made.
However, some matters require immediate attention.
Can the Minister give an assurance that both the Three-Vodafone merger and the future ownership of The Daily Telegraph will be looked at, not just through the economic prism of competition but in accordance with the National Security and Investment Act 2021?
This is the first time that I have faced the hon.
Gentleman across the Dispatch Box—last time we were side by side, so this is a bit of change.
He raises some interesting and important points.
The National Security and Investment Act was passed a little over a year ago, and the Deputy Prime Minister himself chairs the body that advises on it.
That is incredibly important because, as we know, foreign ownership and control is a vital area of foreign influence in our Government and society.
That is why we are looking not just at that, but at how the foreign media today are not just traditional media—some of whom we see represented up in the Press Gallery; some of them are even waving.
Social media is now so important too.
It is worth noting the recent Ofcom report that about a third of under-25s get their news from TikTok, which as we know has its algorithm written by individuals under the control of a foreign state—one that is not always friendly.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of providing temporary visas to the dependants of visiting students and academics when the dependants are living in conflict zones.
There are a number of routes in the immigration rules allowing dependants to join family members in the United Kingdom.
Where possible, people seeking to flee conflict zones should use those existing routes.
In the past 12 months, we have allowed over 112,000 people to arrive under safe and legal routes, including over 6,000 family reunion cases.
My constituent is on a student visa at St Andrews University.
On  7 October , her five-year-old daughter was in northern Gaza staying with her grandmother.
They have since had to flee south.
We have had good engagement from the student policy team, but will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can reunify the family?
I am very happy to look into the case with the hon.
Lady.
As a general rule, we believe migration should not be the first lever we pull in the event of humanitarian crises.
We should be using the UK’s diplomatic muscle, our overseas development aid, as the primary way in which the UK can have the greatest impact in the world, but there are always cases where we make exceptions.
Last week’s net migration figures were completely unacceptable to the people of Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke, which is why the New Conservatives, helpfully, have a 12-point plan that the Minister for Immigration could copy and paste to ensure we get those figures down.
Will he extend the closure of the student dependant route to students enrolled on a one-year research master’s degree?
First, we believe that the level of legal migration into this country is far too high.
That has very profound impacts on access to public services, the productivity of our economy, and the ability of the UK to be a socially cohesive and united country.
That is why we need to take action.
We have already announced a  specific policy with respect to dependants, which comes into force at the beginning of next year.
We think it will have a substantive impact on the levels of net migration, but, as the Prime Minister said, we are keeping all options under review and will take further action as required.
What progress his Department has made on moving asylum seekers from hotels into less costly accommodation.
For the first time since the small boats crisis began, we are now closing asylum hotels, thanks to the good work done to reduce arrivals by more than a third; to the delivery of more appropriate forms of accommodation, such as on large disused military sites; and to better management of the existing permanent estate.
I am pleased to report that the Home Office is making good progress on the first 50 hotels, which will exit by the end of January.
We will be bringing forward a further tranche shortly.