When I first took this job, I was clear that the use of asylum hotels was completely unacceptable and that I would work with all in Government to ensure that we closed each and every one of them as quickly as possible.
We are now in the process of closing those hotels.
As I said in my opening remarks, the first 50 are closing seamlessly, so I expect to be in a position to announce the next set of hotel closures very soon.
Surely if asylum seekers had the right to work they would be able to pay for their own accommodation at little or no cost to the taxpayer.
No, I completely disagree with the hon.
Gentleman.
It is extremely important that we reduce the pull factors to the United Kingdom.
There are already plenty of reasons why economic migrants would want to make a life in the UK.
Enabling them to work as soon as they arrive here would only exacerbate those problems.
I am really pleased that the Government have been able to reduce the number of asylum seekers in hotels.
The use of the Atlantic Hotel in Chelmsford for families is putting considerable pressure on our school places, especially as Chelmsford is already very short of school places due to the large numbers of people who have arrived from Ukraine and elsewhere.
Will the Minister look again at the policy and ensure that when people with children of school age are placed in hotels, they are put in places where there are schools that have places?
My right hon.
Friend and I have discussed this many times, and I want to ensure that that particular hotel is closed as quickly as possible, because it is having such an impact on her local community.
The Home Office is working with her local authority, and we have made a commitment that we will not place further young people, or families with young people, in that hotel if school places are not readily available.
However, I hope that the hotel itself will close very soon.
When asylum seekers requiring medical care are moved to a new location out of area, they go to the bottom of the waiting list, and as a result their health requirements are not met in a timely way.
How will the Minister ensure that they do not slip back from receiving medical care that they urgently require?
When moving asylum seekers from one form of accommodation to another, we make provision to ensure that there is support for those with the most serious medical conditions, but it is important that we are able to move individuals around the estate, and we are currently in the process of closing hotels.
That is our No. 1 priority, because the public want us to close them as quickly as possible.
What steps he is taking to tackle illegal migration.
What steps he is taking to tackle illegal migration.
The Government have a plan to tackle illegal migration by means of a number of methods, and that plan is working.
Small-boat crossings are down compared with those in other countries across Europe, where they are up.
We are working closely with our international partners, including our nearest geographical neighbour France, we are dismantling the organised criminal gangs who are smuggling people, and we are taking action to reform the asylum system.
Following the Supreme Court ruling, the Government announced emergency legislation to address the issues mentioned in the judgment.
I welcome the proposed new treaty with Rwanda, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that the new legislation promised by the Prime Minister must be clear and unambiguous in establishing that the sovereign will of this Parliament, as expressed in primary legislation, takes legal precedence over the interpretation of international treaties and principles?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the excellent working relationship we have with Rwanda—on which I worked in my former role—will give us the opportunity to have a treaty that addresses the issues in the Supreme Court judgment.
However, she is right to say that the legislation that will accompany that treaty must make it absolutely clear that the will of the British people, as exemplified by the actions of this Government,  means we will work to get flights to Rwanda to make it plain that if people come here illegally they will not stay here.
I can give her my commitment that we will do everything we can to make that happen.
Further to those points, will my right hon.
Friend give me a categorical assurance that he will do everything he can to enable us to deliver the Rwanda policy, and will introduce all the necessary legal exemptions so that we can get on with those flights as soon as possible and provide the necessary deterrence to illegal migration?
The Rwanda scheme is an extremely important part of our basket of responses.
I will do everything to ensure that we drive down small-boat arrivals: that is the promise we have made to the British people, and that is the commitment I will deliver.
One of the ways of dealing with illegal migration is to look at the number of cases.
Can the Home Secretary say how many legacy backlog cases there are—if they have yet been triaged—and how many of those result from illegal migration?
The historic backlog has been reduced by 65%.
It has fallen by more than 59,000 cases since the end of November 2022.
We have recruited 2,500 asylum decision makers, and we have increased tenfold the pace at which these decisions are made.