This autumn, the Government pledged to treat retail crime as organised crime, but with their Criminal Justice Bill, they have fallen at the first hurdle.
There is no consolidated offence to protect retail workers, no strong signal on the £200 limit on investigations and a denial of reality on their hollowing out of neighbourhood policing.
From the answers we have heard, the Home Secretary wants us to believe that we have never had it so good, but the ones who are thriving are organised criminals.
Will the Government accept our amendments to add the protection of shop workers into the legislation?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that attacking shop workers is already a statutory aggravating factor.
We will look at what more we can do to protect shop workers.
The retail action plan is in place, including the use of CCTV and facial recognition software.
We will continue to explore all avenues to protect shopworkers, because they, like everyone else, deserve our protection.
What progress he has made on stopping small boats transporting migrants across the English channel.
What progress he has made on stopping small boats transporting migrants across the English channel.
So far this year, we have reduced the number of these dangerous, illegal and completely unnecessary crossings by more than a third compared with last year, despite increases of nearly a third in Europe.
Nevertheless, the number of illegal arrivals remains unacceptably high.
We remain focused on delivering our comprehensive plan to stop the boats by breaking the business model of the people smugglers, and we will shortly be piloting emergency legislation through this House to ensure that flights to Rwanda take off as a matter of urgency.
Figures on Thursday revealed that immigration to the UK is skyrocketing.
Is it not time to realise that those well-intentioned international treaties and conventions agreed 70 years ago are no longer fit for purpose?
We simply cannot accommodate all those who would qualify for asylum under existing rules.
The world is facing troubled times and more mass migration.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that he will do all he can to raise the bar for those migrating or seeking asylum here and look at other solutions to stop people leaving their homelands, so that those countries can  make better futures for themselves without the loss of so many of their young?
Much of Europe is in a dire state because of mass immigration.
We cannot let the United Kingdom go the same way.
My hon.
Friend makes a strong point.
While some of those coming here to claim asylum have genuine grounds for asylum, many are economic migrants making spurious claims to game the system.
For some nationalities, our grant rates are out of sync with European countries, and that is why we have undertaken extensive work to lower them.
For example, the grant rate for Albanians reduced from 53% in June last year to 19% in June this year, and it has fallen further since, as that remains unacceptably high.
Last month, we added India and Georgia to the list of safe states to speed up the process of returning people who have travelled from those countries to the United Kingdom illegally.
Clearly there is more work to be done, and we do not want to create any additional pull factor to the United Kingdom.
In relation to the Rwanda policy, the Home Secretary was quoted as saying: “My frustration is that we have allowed the narrative to be created that this was the be-all and end-all” of Government policy.
Does the Minister agree with the Home Secretary?
If he does, what is the Government’s policy on combating the boats and resisting illegal migration, and what is our policy?
When my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister and I set out our comprehensive plan this time last year, it had many facets, one of which—an extremely important component of which—was our Rwanda plan, but that was not its only element, and we have worked intensively over the last 12 months on each and every other facet of that plan.
Opposition Members jeer, but is that plan working?
Yes, it is.
We can see that from the fact that we are almost the only country in Europe where the number of illegal entrants is falling.
It has fallen by more than a third, compared to a 30% increase in the rest of Europe and almost a 100% increase in Italy.
None of that negates the importance of interjecting a further critical deterrent.
That is the crucial element of the Rwanda scheme.
The difference between those of us on the Government Benches and the Opposition is that, frankly, they do not want to stop the boats, and they do not have the stomach to do a policy like Rwanda.