The mayor of Gaza City told al-Jazeera that not one litre of fuel has reached the Gaza municipality, likely due to the fuel being misappropriated.
Why does the Minister think that the international community should trust Hamas to distribute any aid?
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, we are extremely careful about how British aid is distributed and do it only through trusted partners of whom we have long and detailed experience.
This is perhaps the most observed and scrutinised aid programme of any that the British taxpayer and British Government pursue anywhere in the world.
In Home Office questions, I raised the case of a constituent on a student visa whose five-year-old daughter is in southern Gaza, and I am hoping for a similarly positive response from this Minister.
Were that visa to be granted, would  that young girl be allowed to travel with her grandmother into Egypt with the FCDO’s support so that they can be reunited?
It is unwise and difficult for me to give granular advice on that specific situation from the Dispatch Box, but I will happily speak to the hon.
Lady immediately afterwards and ensure that we do the best we can.
I strongly welcome my right hon.
Friend’s remarks about increasing aid to Gaza and the Palestinian people at this time, and I note what he said about the care taken to ensure that British aid reaches its intended target, but given what we now know about the industrial scale of theft and misappropriation of aid in Gaza over the years, who is making sure on the ground right now that British aid is not being taken by Hamas terrorists?
For aid in Gaza, we have not dealt with either the Palestinian Authority or the Hamas civil administration for many years, and we do everything we can to ensure that it gets through to the people who need it.
He will have seen that, I think yesterday, a British aircraft delivered 4,500 blankets and 4,500 sleeping mats to al-Arish in Egypt.
That was the fourth planeload.
We will continue to ensure not only that we supply as much aid as we possibly can to meet the need, but that it gets to the right place as speedily as possible.
Does the Minister share my grave concerns about what Prime Minister Netanyahu’s recent chilling comments—that “Nothing will stop us” and that he will fight “until the end”—will mean for Palestine and the further massacring of innocent civilians?
We need an urgent ceasefire to prevent the further loss of life.
How many more Palestinian children must die before the Government will call for a permanent ceasefire?
Israel absolutely has the right to defend itself, following the appalling events of  7 October .
Of course, civilians, as well as hospitals, must be protected under international humanitarian law, but the hon.
Member should be in no doubt that the Israeli Government have the absolute right to defend themselves under international law.
The recent discovery of a tunnel from the Shifa Hospital to a residential property is yet more clear evidence that Hamas are using civilians as human shields in this conflict.
Will the Minister therefore join me in clearly condemning that activity, and will he confirm that the Government will continue to support Israel in its fight to eradicate Hamas from the region?
Yes.
I, too, call for the pause to transition into a ceasefire.
What discussions have the Minister and the Foreign Secretary had about opening up corridors for humanitarian aid to cross between Israel and Gaza, in the light of the poor infrastructure in Gaza for moving humanitarian aid from the south to the north?
We are in those discussions.
As the hon.
Member will know, the access through Rafah is fettered by physical and non-physical circumstances.
When the Foreign Secretary was in the region last week, he had specific discussions about other means of access into Gaza, and we are doing everything we possibly can, together with our humanitarian partners, to achieve a far greater degree of access for humanitarian supplies.
From the perspective of my constituents in Bolton, we are watching the worst horror movie conceivable, and hitting pause will only delay the suffering.
Boltonians are asking: when can all sides simply hit the stop button and bring about a ceasefire?
If a ceasefire is not possible, what discussions are we having with Israeli and other counterparts about extending the pause after today?
My hon.
Friend will have seen the discussions going on and the offer that, apparently, the Israeli Government have made if extra hostages are released.
All those discussions are continuing.
Clearly, the longer the pause, the more support and humanitarian supplies can get into Gaza.
The British Government are doing everything they can to progress both those things.