I am most grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
Nevertheless, it is concerning that Suffolk police were promised draft proposals for the review back in January.
I urge him to get those to our local force as quickly as possible and, in the meantime, to work with it to improve the number of out-of-court disposals, where better delivery will relieve pressure on those in the force, who are working incredibly hard.
They are indeed working incredibly hard.
I am delighted to tell the House that Suffolk police currently have 1,425 officers, which is more than at any time in their history, and they have that in common with England and Wales as a whole.
I support what my hon.
Friend said about out-of-court disposals, which have an important role to play, particularly in treating drug and alcohol addiction, and mental health issues.
I will work with Suffolk and other forces to make sure that those are widely used.
Since 2010, neighbourhood policing, where officers are embedded in local communities, has been decimated, despite its huge advantages.
We therefore desperately need the repeatedly promised reform of the police funding formula.
However, one of the quickest ways in which the Government can get cash to police forces for neighbourhood policing is by reforming the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 rules so that more of the money is handed to the police forces that confiscated it.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the matter further?
I would be happy to discuss POCA with the hon.
Gentleman and other colleagues.
However, there is something of a definitional confusion on this question about neighbourhood policing, because there are local police officers who work on response teams and should be counted as well.
In 2015, the year the Opposition keep referring to, there were 61,083 officers in local policing roles, whereas there are now 67,785.
That is a much higher number, and overall we have a record number of officers across England and Wales—149,566.
That is more than there ever were under the last Labour Government.
rose— We must move now to topical questions.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My mission and that of this Government, on behalf of all people in this country, is to secure our borders and keep people safe from crime and terrorism.
Good progress has been made in driving down crime and stopping illegal small-boat arrivals, but there is, of course, more to do.
The Home Office has been considering further measures to mitigate migration, including by preventing the exploitation and manipulation of our visa system and clamping down on those who take unwarranted advantage of the flexibilities we provide.
We will announce further details on these measures in due course.
Tomorrow, we have Second Reading of the Criminal Justice Bill, which will give police the powers they need for longer sentences for those who would harm others and will increase the trust in policing.
In my constituency, the antisocial and illegal use of fireworks continues to affect law-abiding citizens and our pets.
Will the Secretary of State commit to reducing the legal limit for commercial fireworks from 120 dB to 90 dB or less?
I have not yet had the opportunity to read into that issue—it was not the angle I was expecting in this question—but the proposal seems a thoughtful one.
I will give it due consideration, but I cannot make a commitment at this point.
Off-road bikes are a growing plague across Hartlepool, and my constituents face the danger of young men in balaclavas  driving recklessly along our streets.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to increasing the support for Cleveland police to tackle this nuisance, beyond the anonymous tip-off system?
Will he also perhaps come to visit some of the excellent Conservative MPs in our region?
I would be delighted to do that, and I support her call.
To achieve precisely the objectives my hon.
Friend describes, from April next year—in just a few months—every police force in the country will receive substantial funding commitments to conduct antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols, including against the scourge of off-road biking that she mentions.
In forces where pilot schemes have been tried, including those in Essex, Lancashire and Staffordshire, we have seen reductions in antisocial behaviour of up to 30%.