I refer the hon.
Lady to the reply I gave a little earlier about the south.
We are conscious of the fact that very large numbers of people are kettled into the south, which makes the supply of aid even more dangerous, unless there is a comprehensive agreement that there will be no hostilities around the areas where aid is being distributed.
We are very conscious of that, and we are working with our partners to make it as safe as possible for aid to be distributed.
It is extremely good news that some hostages have been freed.
However, polling suggests that 75% of the Palestinian people support the atrocities by Hamas, and 85% refuse to even consider the coexistence of a Palestinian state with the state of Israel.
At the moment, Palestinian prisoners are being released to the west bank and Hamas are getting the credit, so does the Minister accept that there is a risk that Hamas not only dominate Gaza but end up dominating the west bank as well?
My hon.
Friend’s comment underlines the importance of a political track emerging and being pursued with great vigour as soon as possible.
I want to talk about the plight of women in Gaza, which a constituent raised with me.
Every day, 180 women in Gaza give birth, most without water, painkillers, anaesthesia for caesarean sections, medical supplies or, as we know, electricity for incubators.
With more than 5,000 women expected to give birth in Gaza next month, will the Minister join Labour in calling for Israel to protect  hospitals in Gaza and allow continued access to medicine, food, water and electricity to protect those women and newborns during birth?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the very large numbers of women who are seeking to give birth in extraordinarily difficult circumstances.
We are conscious of that in the aid and humanitarian supplies that we are making available.
I completely understand the importance of the humanitarian support workers who are in Gaza—extremely brave people who are putting themselves in harm’s way to support their fellow citizens with humanitarian supplies.
Nowhere is that more true than in the area that she described.
It has been extremely moving to see hostages starting to come out and aid starting to flow in.
I hope that the truce will hold, but if the hostilities start again, please can the UK Government make every representation to Israel that, in its legitimate efforts to stop the terrorism, it must do more to prevent mass loss of civilian life, especially children?
My right hon.
Friend speaks with experience and wisdom, and the answer is yes.
My constituent Adam Abu Warda has close family in Gaza and is extremely anxious that they should have the opportunity to get out and come to the UK, as other MPs have said.
What is the Government’s policy on our constituents wishing to get their very close family out of Gaza to bring them to the UK?
We are seeking, within the rules the hon.
Gentleman will be aware of, to facilitate, in every way we can, those people leaving Gaza.
As I said to one of our colleagues, it would not be sensible for me to look at the granular detail of the specific case he raises on the Floor of the House
but, if he has contacted the emergency consular support team in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and has any concerns about the responses he is getting, I am of course very happy, to look at it myself.
Three weeks ago today, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hendon (Dr Offord)
and I were at Kibbutz Kfar Aza, where we saw and heard things we will never forget, and where the smell of rotting blood and flesh was still pungent in the air, such was the butchery not only of Hamas but Palestinian Islamic Jihad and the thousands of Gazan civilians who streamed into the kibbutzim afterwards.
There are some in this place who seem to give the impression that the only barriers to peace are the actions of the Israeli Government.
The facts are that it is Hamas who are responsible for every death that occurs.
It is the Palestinian Authority whose textbooks preach hate against Jews, not just in Israel but around the world.
It is Palestinian Authority schools that were closed in a day of celebration after  7 October  and, as we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , hold such appalling views about coexistence.
Will the Minister, in his dealings with the Palestinian Authority, encourage them to deal with their issues of extremism?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that the British Government are doing everything they can to address the issues behind what he says.
I have no doubt, having been at that terrible location so recently, that that is something he will never forget.
What is the Minister’s understanding and assessment of the Netanyahu Government’s medium and long-term strategy for the Gaza strip?
The right hon.
Gentleman, who is extremely experienced in these matters, will draw his conclusions from what the Israeli Government are saying, just as the British Government do.
Now that the welcome temporary pause is under way, what steps are the UK Government taking to press to ensure that it becomes an enduring ceasefire as soon as possible, leading to a political process for peace?
Are the UK Government being clear with the Israeli Government that, as they seek to continue in their legitimate aim of destroying Hamas, a return to the relentless bombardment, the razing of Gaza and the indiscriminate killing of civilians is not acceptable, proportionate or within international law?
As the hon.
Lady will know, Israel has an absolute right to self-defence.
It has been made clear around the world that that is the right position, but it must abide by international humanitarian law.
Nobody can help but be moved by the sight of hostages being released.
This weekend, the Minister for Immigration,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , on a public platform, said that the UK Government “will not rest until each and every one of them is back in the loving embrace of their families,” It is now more than a month since anybody at all from the UK Government has had any contact at all with the UK citizens who have family members as hostages—not a single phone call.
The Minister will know that I have come to this place and pleaded with him to help arrange just five minutes of Lord Cameron’s time with the hostage families to tell them what the Government are actually doing to help get their family members released.
It has been other Governments who have helped to identify that their family members are alive.
Please, finally, can the Minister listen to those UK citizens asking their Government, “What are you doing to help get my family released?” and arrange that meeting as an urgent matter?
My understanding is not the same as the hon.
Lady’s in respect of the British hostages.
She will know that over 200 British nationals and their dependants have so far left Gaza, and we are working around the clock to get the rest of those out who want to leave.
In terms of the hostages, my understanding is not the same as she has said.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot accept civilians being ordered to flee into areas that are then subject to bombardment?
Does he share the concerns of the UN and the World Health Organisation about the proposals for a safe zone with no infrastructure, which will cause more problems down the line?
There are very serious problems with safe zones.
We have learnt about them the hard way from the events that took place in Srebrenica, in—indeed—Rwanda, and in northern Iraq.
It is an absolute preoccupation of humanitarians—including those in the United Nations, who are neuralgic about safe zones—to ensure that if we are to distribute very large amounts of aid we have the capacity to do so before too much longer, and we all hope that we are able to do it in the safest possible way.