The Minister is deflecting quite a lot.
[Interruption.]
Government Members would do well to listen because their systems are not working; they are failing people every single day.
In the first nine months of 2023, a mere 279 Afghans arrived in the UK by safe and legal routes.
For each one, 17 Afghans came across on small boats.
Today, The Independent has laid out the story of a mother of four—an Afghan special forces soldier who served in a unit set up by Britain, trained and paid for by the British armed services—whose application under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy was denied, along with many others from commando force 333 and Afghan territorial force 444.
Why is the Minister failing so many Afghans?
We do not encourage anyone, whatever their circumstances, to come across illegally in a small boat.
That is a criminal offence and it should not be encouraged.
We have supported nearly 25,000 people to come from Afghanistan since the end of the war, which  compares extremely favourably to other European countries.
We have issued more than half a million humanitarian visas, which is a record we should all be proud of.
The Scottish National party always wants to make the UK out to be a small country, but that is not correct.
The United Kingdom is a big-hearted country, and one of the world leading countries for resettlement— Order.
We have been here 20 minutes and have covered only two questions.
We have a huge amount of business to get through, so can we please go faster?
I would like brief questions and brief answers.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of the Defending Democracy Taskforce in preventing foreign interference in the UK’s democratic integrity.
It is a great pleasure to tell the hon.
Lady that the Defending Democracy Taskforce, which was set up under the National Security Council, has been operating for about a year and is working closely with parliamentary authorities, devolved Administrations and local authorities around the country, alongside intelligence agencies, the police and opposite numbers from various parties.
It has already updated many individuals across the House on different ways in which we can improve our own security and make sure that this country’s democracy is safer.
The fundamental way to protect our democracy is to get involved, so I urge anyone watching to join a party—any party, but particularly the Conservative party—and get involved in politics, to keep the United Kingdom Government working for the people of the United Kingdom.
Given the huge importance of preventing foreign interference in our democracy, does the Minister agree that, for the purposes of transparency, Lord Cameron should declare all previous contacts with, and
moneys earned from, foreign Governments after he left the office of Prime Minister and before he was appointed Foreign Secretary?
The hon.
Lady raises an interesting point on how we keep our politics accountable.
Rules are set out by this House, the other place, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority and various other people on how we account for expenses, money raised and various forms of connection.
She is right that those records must be kept up to date.
The Prime Minister expects every Minister to do that, and I am very confident that the new Foreign Secretary—whom I congratulate—has done so.