I very much hope we can extend the humanitarian pause.
The Minister, as a former serviceman, like me, will know that the United Kingdom armed forces make extraordinary efforts to avoid civilian casualties, even when targeting terrorists embedded in civilian areas—a point that has been made very forcefully to me by veterans in recent days—so will the United Kingdom carry on very clearly calling on Israel to follow similar standard operating procedures?
Yes, and the Foreign Secretary, during his visit to Israel, made precisely that point.
The pause is obviously welcome because it will save lives.
The horror of  7 October  has not gone away.
The disaster of the killing of 14,000 people in Gaza has not gone away.
There has to be a recognition, as António Guterres has pointed out, of the underlying issue, which is the occupation of the west bank and the settlement policy, and the violence that so many Palestinians have had to put up with for decades and decades.
Does the Minister believe there is a role now for the United Nations to do more to try to bring about not just a ceasefire, but a long-term peace that will involve the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Palestine?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that there is always a role for the United Nations, but it has to be adapted to the circumstances.
What he says about a ceasefire, which I have heard him say before, is fettered by the fact that Hamas have made it perfectly clear that they do not want a ceasefire.
They want to  repeat what they did on  7 October , the day of those terrible events.
To have a ceasefire, we have to have two sides that want a ceasefire, and that is clearly not available on this occasion.
The conflict in the middle east is tragic, complex and, sadly, protracted.
While the House is broadly aligned on the need to defeat Hamas, could the Minister please reassure me of the efforts being undertaken to urge restraint among all protagonists in the protection of civilians and non-combatants in Gaza?
Britain has been very clear about the importance of respecting international humanitarian law in all circumstances.