Mr. Speaker, our West Brownsville Little League Senior Softball Team

has made all of us immensely proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DESIGNATING NIGERIA A COUNTRY OF PARTICULAR CONCERN

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following letter, drafted by respected experts--including former

Members of Congress--in the field of religious freedom, underscoring

the dire state of religious freedom in Nigeria, and calling for that

country to be designated a Country of Particular Concern under the

International Religious Freedom Act of 1998.
Their stark appraisal of

the situation, and the immediate threat to the lives of thousands of

Nigerians, merits immediate action by the administration.
June 13, 2025.
Hon.
Christopher Smith,

Washington, DC.
Dear Representative Smith: As religious freedom advocates

and leaders of grassroots organizations with millions of

American members, we thank you for sponsoring H. Res.
220

which recommends redesignating Nigeria as a Country of

Particular Concern (CPC) for particularly severe religious

persecution.
We consider this a critical first step in

addressing the situation in Nigeria.
As you know, House Resolution 220 calls for the Secretary

of State to address the egregious, systematic, and ongoing

religious persecution, in Nigeria, specifically by

redesignating Nigeria as a CPC under the International

Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (IRFA).
Nigeria is the world's deadliest country for Christians,

according to Open Doors' 2025 World Watch List.
Of the 4,476

Christians killed for their faith worldwide during the

reporting period, 3,100 (69 percent) were in Nigeria.
FIDES,

a Catholic news agency, indicated that over ten years least

145 priests had been abducted and eleven murdered.
In addition, designated terror groups such as Boko Haram

and the Islamic State West Africa Province have killed

thousands of Christians and Muslims who reject their dictates

and suppressed the rights of women and girls.
Boko Haram

kidnapped over 200 schoolgirls in 2014 in Chibok, Borno

State, half of whom remain captive, forced them into sexual

slavery and pressured them to convert to Islam.
In another

case, Leah Sharibu remains enslaved following a 2018

terrorist raid on her school.
Most of this slaughter, however, is carried out by militant

Fulani Muslim herders, who have been allowed to target

Christian villages with impunity.
In its recommendation of

CPC designation for Nigeria, the U.S. Commission on

International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) concluded in its

2021 Annual Report that the Nigerian Government has

``routinely failed to investigate these attacks and prosecute

those responsible, demonstrating a problematic level of

apathy on the part of state officials.''
Christians who are violently attacked and whose land is

confiscated by the militant Fulani Muslim herders, end up

living in Internally Displaced People (IDP) camps, which are

unspeakably inhumane and unfit for animals.
Currently there

are well over 2 million people living in such camps in the

Makurdi diocese alone.
The Pontifical foundation, Aid to the

Church in Need, which works to help the Church in areas of

high distress in Nigeria, has collected this video evidence

from Makurdi of Christians living in such camps.
Authorities also enforce Islamic blasphemy laws that have

resulted in recent death sentences for Sufi musician, Yahaya

Sharif-Aminu, and two Muslim clerics, and ``religious

insult'' laws that led to a 24-year sentence for Nigeria's

Humanist Association head, Mubarak Bala.
These laws have also

been accompanied by a routine grant of impunity for

extrajudicial attacks against their perceived violators.
In

2023, there was the unprosecuted mob killing of student

Deborah Emmanuel Yakubu after she was accused of blasphemy

and the unprosecuted serious death threats against the Sultan

of Sokoto.
Sokoto's Catholic bishop, and Rhoda Jatau, a

Christian woman, all three of whom were targeted for

expressing disapproval of Yakubu's murder.