Title: CONDEMNING CHAOTIC AND HARMFUL FAILINGS OF THIS CONGRESS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
128

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONDEMNING CHAOTIC AND HARMFUL FAILINGS OF THIS CONGRESS

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, we are going to adjourn and not do the

peoples' business because we have thus far gotten an ``F.'' An ``F''

for the work of the people in this Congress.
We have taken health care

away from hundreds of thousands of people.
We have taken SNAP payments

and nutritional sustenance, away from tens and hundreds of thousands of

people.
We have made injuries to the Earth, God's Earth we are here to

preserve, and we only use.
We have taken away from women the right to

go to Planned Parenthood to have health care that they need.
We have

taken away protections for clean energy to change the rate of growth of

global warming that affects our planet and affects our future with

hotter and hotter summers, flash floods, fires and disasters.
It will

increase our reliance on fossil fuels, which make the air dirtier and

people sicker, all while we are taking away people's health care.
This

Congress has earned an ``F.'' We do not deserve a better grade.
I am ashamed to be a part of this Congress, but I will stay because

people need to stand up, speak the truth, stand up for things the

American people have always stood for: justice, due process, the rule

of law, fairness, caring about the little guy, caring about giving

people something when they need it, but not giving something to people

who have too much--millionaires and billionaires.
Just think, Mr. Speaker, of the harm the rescissions bill did to

public broadcasting--NPR and PBS--legacies of President Johnson's Great

Society that help our citizens stay informed.
Think of the harm done to

life-saving foreign aid that keeps children fed and vaccinated from

dreadful diseases that can and will cross our borders in check.
And the

Big Ugly Bill does substantial harm to critical programs and to the

people who rely on them, so millionaires can get a tax break and the

rest of the country gets huge and endless deficits and trillions more

in debt.
Newsweek reported this week that the current Congress is one of the

least effective ever, passing only 27 bills since January 3, far fewer

than in previous Congresses at the same point.
Unfortunately, the

biggest, ugliest bill we passed, and the rescissions package will

contribute to incalculable pain, suffering, and death all around the

world.
Come to think of it, maybe this Congress should get something worse

than a grade of ``F.'' Maybe those voting for these cruel and dangerous

provisions should be sent to the principal's office and expelled.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE ASIAN PACIFIC ISLANDER AMERICAN PUBLIC AFFAIRS

SOLANO COUNTY CHAPTER AHEAD OF THEIR 10TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to include in the Record the

following letter congratulating the Asian Pacific Islander American

Public Affairs Solano County Chapter ahead of their 10th Anniversary

and Celebration of Young Leaders banquet.
The Asian Pacific Islander American Public Affairs Solano County's

10th Anniversary and Celebration of Young Leaders banquet is a

wonderful tribute to our community, and I am proud to represent the

organization and the young leaders being honored at this event.
John Garamendi,

United States Congress,

August 8th, 2025.
Re 10th Annual Anniversary and Celebration of Young Leaders

APAPA Solano County Chapter

Vallejo, CA.
Dear APAPA-SOC and 2025 APAPA-SOC Interns, It is with great

pleasure that I congratulate the Asian Pacific Islander

American Public Affairs Solano County Chapter (APAPA-SOC) for

another year of exemplary service and join you in celebrating

your 10th Annual Anniversary and Celebration of Young Leaders

banquet.