By allowing severe religious persecution to proliferate

within its borders, Nigeria is compounding already heightened

regional insecurity.
We respectfully ask you to co-sponsor House Resolution 220

and urge the passage.
Sincerely,

Ambassador Sam Brownback, Co-Chair, International Religious

Freedom Summit; Nina Shea, Senior Fellow and Director, Center

for Religious Freedom at Hudson Institute; Frank Wolf, Member

of Congress (VA) 1981-2015, retired; Dr. Mary Ann Glendon,

Former Ambassador to the Holy See and Chairman of the State

Department Commission on Unalienable Rights; Douglas Burton,

Director, Truth Nigeria; Richard Ghazal, Esq.,
Executive

Director, In Defense of Christians (IDC); Patricia Streeter,

Co-leader, Anglican Persecuted Church Network; Faith J.H.

McDonnell, Director of Advocacy, Katartismos Global; Mark

Tooley, President, Institute on Religion and Democracy; Dr.

Gregory H. Stanton, Founding President, Genocide Watch Chair,

The Alliance Against Genocide; Dr. Katrina Lantos Swett,

President, Lantos Foundation for Human Rights & Justice;

Steven Wagner, President, Solidarity with the Persecuted

Church; Troy A. Miller, President & CEO, National Religious

Broadcasters (NRB); David Trimble, President, Religious

Freedom Institute; Michael Arthur Vacca, Director,

International Catholic Jurists Forum; Travis Weber, Vice

President for Policy & Gov't Affairs Family Research Council;

George Weigel, Distinguished Senior Fellow and William E.

Simon Chair in Catholic Studies Ethics and Public Policy

Center; Dede Laugesen, Executive Director, Save the

Persecuted Christians; Kelly (Monroe) Kullberg, General

Secretary, American Association of Evangelicals (AAE); The

Rt.
Reverend Andudu Adam Elnail, Anglican Bishop of Kadugli

and Nuba Mountains, Sudan, Co-leader, Global Anglican Future

Conference (GAFCON) Suffering Church Network.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN GHERINI

HON.
SALUD O. CARBAJAL

Mr. CARBAJAL.
Mr. Speaker, with his retirement as President of the

Board of Directors of the Santa Barbara Mission Archive-Library on

January 17th, 2025, John Gherini, Esq.
concluded over thirty-seven

years of distinguished service to the Archive-Library.
Established as

public non-profit educational corporation in 1967, the Santa Barbaran

Mission Archive-Library serves as a unique repository of Mission

Era California records, documents, and artifacts.
As Professor Emeritus

Robert Senkewicz of Santa Clara University, has written.
``SBMAL is a

unique and indispensable resource.
Its artifacts and documents tell the

deep and complex story of California's diverse peoples--especially

Native Americans, Latinos, and Anglos--in a way that is unmatched

anywhere else in the state.''
John Gherini has worked long and hard behind the scenes to ensure the

continued operation of the Archive-Library.
Serving as legal counsel to

the Board and dealing with bequests and grants in order to build the

endowment essential to its continued function.
His membership on the

Board, which began in 1987, has resulted in numerous acquisitions not

only of funds, but also of the papers of such distinguished scholars as

Norman Neuerburg, the art historian behind the construction of the

Getty Villa, and Doyce B. Nunis, Jr., longtime editor of the journal of

the Historical Society of Southern California.
Besides his encouragement of other scholars, Mr. Gherini has written

two books on the history of Santa Cruz Island, where he spent much time

as a young man working with his family on the island, which his great-

great-grandfather, Justinian Caire once owned in its entirety: Santa

Cruz Island: A History of Conflict and Diversity and the two volume

Santa Cruz Island, An Illustrated History provide rich and detailed

histories of the largest of the Channel Islands.
The second work

``explores the geological origins of the island and traces the cultural

history from the native inhabitants, over 13,000 years ago, to the

establishment of the Channel Islands National Park in 1980 and current

efforts to preserve and protect the island.'' (
Santa Barbara Historical

Museum website).
Mr. Gherini has been a generous benefactor and deeply

involved with many other organizations in the Santa Barbara area,

including Bishop Garcia Diego High School.