John Garamendi,

United States Congress,

August 8th, 2025.
Re 10th Annual Anniversary and Celebration of Young Leaders

APAPA Solano County Chapter

Vallejo, CA.
Dear APAPA-SOC and 2025 APAPA-SOC Interns, It is with great

pleasure that I congratulate the Asian Pacific Islander

American Public Affairs Solano County Chapter (APAPA-SOC) for

another year of exemplary service and join you in celebrating

your 10th Annual Anniversary and Celebration of Young Leaders

banquet.
Reaching this important milestone is a true

testament to your organization's dedication, perseverance and

commitment to excellence.
APAPA-SOC's continuous efforts to

empower Asian and Pacific Islander Americans by encouraging

civic participation through leadership and mentorship

programs, internships, and scholarships deserve the highest

commendation.
Over the past decade APAPA-SOC has

made a lasting impact on our community and uplifted many

young leaders across the country and in California's Eighth

Congressional District.
APAPA's work is making great strides

toward creating a more perfect Union.
Civic participation is critical to upholding our democratic

ideals, and I am thrilled to see APAPA-SOC working so

actively on this mission.
Asian and Pacific Islander

Americans' representation at all levels of government is

necessary to ensure that the Asian and Pacific Islander

community is properly acknowledged and advocated for.
Throughout APAPA-SOC's ten years, its ability to empower

Asian and Pacific Islander Americans of all ages has left its

community a legacy that promotes civic engagement at the

local, state, and national levels of government.
It is my

greatest hope that the APAPA-SOC Chapter continues to prosper

in the years ahead.
I look forward to seeing APAPA-SOC

interns grow into tomorrow's leaders of California and

beyond.
The APAPA-SOC's 10th Anniversary and Celebration of Young

Leaders banquet is sure to be a wonderful celebration of all

the hard work and dedication APAPA-SOC interns have put into

strengthening our democracy.
As you celebrate this

anniversary, I hope you take pride in how far your APAPA-SOC

has come and feel inspired by the continued journey ahead.
On

behalf of California's Eighth Congressional District, please

accept my gratitude for the good you have done, and continue

to do, in our district and my best wishes for continued

success in all of APAPA-SOC's future endeavors.
Sincerely,

John Garamendi,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE WEST BROWNSVILLE LITTLE LEAGUE'S SENIOR TEAM ON

WINNING THE TEXAS WEST CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride

that I rise today to recognize the inspiring young women from the West

Brownsville Little League's Senior Team, aged 15-16, for their

astonishing achievement in finishing as runner-up as they competed for

a spot in the 2025 Little League World Series.
Representing our community to the nation is an unseen achievement in

the past 73 years of the team's history in Brownsville.
Competing in

softball takes dexterity and discipline, but most importantly,

sacrifice.
A tremendous commitment has been made by the participants

and their families as they worked towards this exciting goal.
They are

showing the country the hard work and team spirit that South Texans

have always represented.
These young women have made their community, families, coaches and

friends immensely proud, and I encourage them to continue supporting

each other in the games ahead.
But most importantly, I encourage them

to cherish every moment as they are making history in The Rio Grande

Valley.
Rest assured I am cheering for you every step of the way.
Mr. Speaker, our West Brownsville Little League Senior Softball Team

has made all of us immensely proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DESIGNATING NIGERIA A COUNTRY OF PARTICULAR CONCERN

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.