The second work

``explores the geological origins of the island and traces the cultural

history from the native inhabitants, over 13,000 years ago, to the

establishment of the Channel Islands National Park in 1980 and current

efforts to preserve and protect the island.'' (
Santa Barbara Historical

Museum website).
Mr. Gherini has been a generous benefactor and deeply

involved with many other organizations in the Santa Barbara area,

including Bishop Garcia Diego High School.
On July 25, 2025, the Mission Archive-Library, at a special event in

honor of Mr. Gherini, will name its exhibit space, which includes among

other things large paintings by the distinguished turn of the

twentieth-century California landscape and architecture artist Edwin

Deakin, the Gherini Gallery.
I urge my colleagues to join me in

congratulating Mr. John Gherini and the Santa Barbara Mission Archive-

Library on this auspicious occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE INCREDIBLE LIFE OF RICHARD C. PARSONS

HON.
MIKE LEVIN

Mr. LEVIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Richard

C. Parsons, who passed away on May 16, 2025, in San Clemente,

California.
In his memory, I would like to pay tribute and reflect on

the life he led and the impact he had on our Nation and the community

in California's 49th District.
Richard was born in New York City on August 3, 1934, and was the son

of Armenian immigrants.
He attended Columbia University before earning his degree from

Principia College in Elsah, Illinois.
During his time at Principia

College, Richard met his wife Nancy, whom he was married to for 66

years.
After attending Principia College, Richard enlisted in the Army.
He

served with honor at the NATO Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium.
After

his time serving our nation, Richard settled in Southern California

where he led a successful career, retiring as the Vice President of

Sales and Marketing for Arrowhead Water.
Richard was an incredible leader and an inspiration to many.
I am

grateful for his service to our country.
Richard is survived by his children, grandchildren, and extended

family.
They were his greatest pride.
Richard was a dedicated family

man who cared deeply for everyone around him.
Richard leaves behind a

legacy defined by love and service.
I am proud to have the opportunity to recognize the legacy of Richard

C. Parsons.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ALICIA EUGENIA WHITE BELL

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Alicia

Eugenia White Bell.
Alicia was born in Macon, Georgia on February 22, 1943 to parents

John Alfred and Emmie Lucinda White.
They instilled in Alicia and her

four siblings the value of education and a strong work ethic.
Alicia

received a four-year scholarship to Paine College in Augusta, Georgia

and graduated Salutatorian.
A woman of faith, courage, and strength, Alicia touched the lives of

many people in San Diego and beyond.
Alicia met Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and participated in the

historic march from Selma to Montgomery, a pivotal moment in the Civil

Rights Movement and the fight for justice and equality.
She also enlisted in the Domestic Peace Corps and worked with migrant

workers before becoming a teacher at B.S. Ingram Elementary School and

the lead teacher at Gingerbread Head Start Preschool in San Diego.
Alicia also worked for twenty years as a Deputy Probation Officer with

the County of San Diego Juvenile Division.
Alicia was deeply committed to serving her community and giving back.
She owned and operated the Fourth District Seniors Resource Center gift

shop, provided interior design services to low-income senior community

residents at little to no cost, and was a motivational speaker and life

coach.