We join his family, friends, and community in celebrating a

life lived with purpose, and in mourning a loss felt deeply by all who

knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UAW LEADER BRUCE BAUMHOWER AS HE RETIRES

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable, hard

working, good natured man of labor: Bruce Baumhower from Toledo, Ohio

in our 9th Congressional District.
Mr. Baumhower formally retired on

June 30, 2025 after serving as the President of United Auto Workers

(UAW) Local 12, the longest run of service in the union's history--over

a half a century.
He will be honored at a special event prior to

Toledo's 2025 Jeep Fest--a celebration he co-founded in 2016--on

Saturday, August 2, 2025.
Bruce Baumhower is a Toledo native who graduated from Whitmer High

School in 1972.
He started work at Jeep the same year.
Throughout his

employment at Jeep, Bruce involved himself in union activities, rising

through the ranks after election to Steward, Bargaining Committee and

Vice Chairman.
In 1993 he was elected President of UAW Local 12, the

second largest UAW local in the nation.
He has been ably at the helm

since.
UAW Local 12, based in Toledo, represents approximately 16,000

members at 47 worksites.
His leadership is humble yet reliably strong

and honorable, and always visionary.
Throughout Bruce's tenure as leader of UAW Local 12, he has steered

the union--and the Toledo community--through crisis and calm.
Most

notably, he led the effort to establish the plants and supplier park

that built the Wrangler and the Gladiator, two locations that have

defined Toledo's skyline and its workforce.
He has been an integral

part of redefining Jeep as Toledo's identity and his integrity and work

ethic symbolizes Toledo, Ohio--a city whose motto is: Laborare est

Orare, ``To Work is to Pray.''
In addition to his duties as President of UAW Local 12, Bruce is

president of the UAW's Community Action Program, which coordinates

political and community action for all seven Toledo area UAW locals.
Mr. Baumhower currently also serves on the board of Imagination Station

and the Regional Growth Partnership.
As one of the founders of Toledo's Jeep Fest, Bruce has further

imprinted Jeep on Toledo.
It is said that he and another member had a

conversation about Jeep's 75th anniversary.
From that moment, Jeep Fest

was born.
Eight years later, it is a three day festival drawing

thousands of people from all corners and highlighted by a parade of

hundreds of iconic Jeeps.
Currently Bruce serves on the Board of

Directors of Jeep Fest and leads off the parade with union members, who

are both actively working and retired, all proud of Jeep's continuing

and amazing success--America's most popular vehicle.
The parade

celebrates and American success story led by union members who show

great pride in their roles and led by an energetic President.
The great UAW pioneer Walter Reuther noted, ``There is no greater

calling than to serve your fellow men.
There is no greater contribution

than to help the weak.
There is no greater satisfaction than to have

done it well.''
Bruce Baumhower epitomizes these words.
His noble

spirit guides the Union and the City in which he has played such a

pivotal role.
Now as he formally retires, we, wish him well on his journey, knowing

he will be spending his time with his wife Kim, three children and

eight grandchildren, engaged in all they most enjoy.
I thank Bruce for

all he has given to our community and our Nation during a trying era

for US automotive manufacturing.
He makes us proud.
May he enjoy a

well-earned retirement.
May God Bless him unselfishly and continually.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSING H.R. 3633, S. 1582, and H.R. 1919

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.