These laws have also

been accompanied by a routine grant of impunity for

extrajudicial attacks against their perceived violators.
In

2023, there was the unprosecuted mob killing of student

Deborah Emmanuel Yakubu after she was accused of blasphemy

and the unprosecuted serious death threats against the Sultan

of Sokoto.
Sokoto's Catholic bishop, and Rhoda Jatau, a

Christian woman, all three of whom were targeted for

expressing disapproval of Yakubu's murder.
On March 13, 2025 the House Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee

on Africa held the hearing: ``Conflict and Persecution in

Nigeria; The Case for a CPC,'' with Catholic Bishop Wilfred

Anagbe of the Makurdi diocese in Benue State, Nina Shea,

Hudson Institute's Senior Fellow and Director of its Center

for Religious Freedom, and Family Research Council's

President Tony Perkins--all testifying to the medieval-like

persecution currently targeting Christians in Nigeria's

Middle Belt region.
Ms. Shea stated that ``Nigeria's government has not

undertaken a thorough, objective, and transparent

investigation of the militant Fulani herders' organization,

leadership, motives, or intent in these attacks.''
Yet, Shea

noted, ``[s]urvivor accounts, collected by churches and

journalists on the ground, frequently report that their

attackers spoke Fulfulde and shouted `Allahu Akbar' or other

religious sentiments as they killed, as USCIRF noted in its

reports.''
Following the recent congressional hearing and subsequent

international scrutiny, Nigeria's President, Foreign Minister

and other governmental authorities, such as the Governor of

Benue, have undertaken an aggressive public affairs campaign

to deny and deflect the truth about their inaction to stop

the Fulani aggression against defenseless Christian farming

communities occurring in several Nigerian states.
Bishop

Anagbe has even been personally threatened following his

testimony in Congress.
We were alarmed to hear reports that between May 24-26,

2025, Fulani Muslim militants waged another massacre in Benue

state, possibly in reprisal for Bishop Anagbe's speaking out

about Fulani violence in his testimony before Congress.
This

recent attack was against the bishop's home village of

Aondona, as well as its surrounding villages of Ahume,

Tyolaha, and Tse-Ubiam.
Reuters reports that at least ``42

people were shot dead by suspected herders'' in those attacks

and that 32 of the villagers' bodies were recovered in

Aondona and Ahume, alone.
In response, the U.S. Mission in

Abuja issued a statement on X strongly condemning these

brutal attacks and urging Nigerian authorities to investigate

and hold the responsible parties accountable.
Other

governments also issued similar statements.
Experience shows

that the Nigerian government has routinely failed to ensure

such investigations and accountability on what have become

relentless Fulani herder assaults on defenseless Christian

farming villages.
Encouraged by the example of Bishop Wilfred Anagbe, others

are also speaking out against the government's grant of

impunity in the face of such atrocities.
This is a critical

time for Congress to act, as Nigerians in the Middle Belt

area are supporting international attention.
Nigeria wields significant influence in Sub-Saharan Africa.
By allowing severe religious persecution to proliferate

within its borders, Nigeria is compounding already heightened

regional insecurity.
We respectfully ask you to co-sponsor House Resolution 220

and urge the passage.
Sincerely,

Ambassador Sam Brownback, Co-Chair, International Religious

Freedom Summit; Nina Shea, Senior Fellow and Director, Center

for Religious Freedom at Hudson Institute; Frank Wolf, Member

of Congress (VA) 1981-2015, retired; Dr. Mary Ann Glendon,

Former Ambassador to the Holy See and Chairman of the State

Department Commission on Unalienable Rights; Douglas Burton,

Director, Truth Nigeria; Richard Ghazal, Esq.,