Alicia also worked for twenty years as a Deputy Probation Officer with

the County of San Diego Juvenile Division.
Alicia was deeply committed to serving her community and giving back.
She owned and operated the Fourth District Seniors Resource Center gift

shop, provided interior design services to low-income senior community

residents at little to no cost, and was a motivational speaker and life

coach.
Additionally, Alicia was the owner of ``Just Because'', a founding

member of Ladies Involved in Vital Experiences, Inc. (L.I.V.E.), a past

president of Encanto AARP Chapter 5417, a former board member and

community ambassador for Fourth District Seniors Resource Center, and a

coordinator for the Volunteers in Probation program.
Because of her incredible achievements.
Alicia received the Retired

Seniors Volunteer Service Award from the County of San Diego and was an

honoree for the ``Breakfast for Milady'' San Diego Alumnae Chapter of

Delta Sigma Theta Sorority.
Alicia's legacy will live on.
My prayers are with her loved ones and

may her memory be a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF IAN KALVINSKAS

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of an intern

in my office, and a University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA)

student, Mr. Ian Kalvinskas, who recently passed away at the age of 20.
He was a son, student, and friend.
Kalvinskas was a Pasadena native and grew up with a love for soccer,

travel, and politics.
His parents owned a traveling bookstore, sparking

Ian's curiosity to explore the world's geography.
While in high school,

Kalvinskas excelled scholastically, played on the school's soccer team,

and was awarded Most Valuable Player.
After graduating from high school

in 2023, he fulfilled his dream of attending UCLA to study Political

Science.
Driven by a deep passion for social justice, Kalvinskas aspired to

advocate for underserved communities and one day work for the United

Nations, using his education and experiences to make a global impact.
Unfortunately, Kalvinskas was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2020,

when he was 15 years old, and underwent liver transplantation at UCLA.
For four and a half years, it appeared he had beaten cancer--but

tragically, it recurred in November 2024.
Despite battling the recurrence of his cancer, Kalvinskas achieved

his dream of interning on Capitol Hill in the summer of 2025.
He cared

deeply about healthcare reform, and knowing his life expectancy was

short, he wanted ``to make a difference now.''
His goal was to help

write legislation that ensures pediatric patients receive fair

consideration on the organ transplant waiting list.
Though his life was

cut short by cancer just a week later, his efforts laid the groundwork

for lasting change.
Kalvinskas passed away on June 27, surrounded by his loved ones, in a

DC hospital--fittingly in the shadow of the Capitol--a symbol to him of

how visions for change could become reality.
He touched countless lives

with his warmth, idealism, and humanity.
He lived a courageous and

meaningful life by dedicating his final days to advancing a cause he

believed in--a goal that reflected the very core of his character.
Kalvinskas was a true inspiration to all who had the privilege of

knowing him.
He is survived by his parents, Adrian and Susan Kalvinskas, along

with his extended family.
Our deepest condolences, thoughts, and

prayers are with the Kalvinskas family during this difficult time.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

honoring the life of a remarkable intern, student, and son, Mr. Ian

Kalvinskas.
His ambition and legacy will be remembered for many years

to come.
We join his family, friends, and community in celebrating a

life lived with purpose, and in mourning a loss felt deeply by all who

knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UAW LEADER BRUCE BAUMHOWER AS HE RETIRES

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.