JASON CROW

Mr. CROW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and recognize a

thrilling new chapter in Colorado's proud sporting history.
It is with

immense pride that I welcome Denver Summit FC, the newest franchise in

the National Women's Soccer League, to our great state and to the city

of Denver.
The arrival of Denver Summit FC is more than just the addition of a

new professional sports team; it is a testament to the growth of

women's sports and a beacon of inspiration for young athletes,

especially young women, throughout our community.
This team represents

a pinnacle of athletic achievement and will provide an invaluable

platform to showcase the incredible talent, dedication, and

sportsmanship of professional female athletes.
The establishment of an NWSL team in Denver will undoubtedly have a

profound and positive impact on our community.
It will bring families

and fans together, create new economic opportunities, and further

solidify Colorado's reputation as a premier destination for

professional sports.
I also want to specifically commend the

organization's investment in a state-of-the-art performance center in

Centennial, purpose-built for the unique needs of professional women

athletes.
This facility is a landmark achievement and a powerful

statement about the value and importance of women's sports.
Most

importantly, the players of Denver Summit FC will serve as powerful

role models for our children, demonstrating the limitless possibilities

that can be achieved through hard work, perseverance, and a commitment

to excellence.
I want to extend my sincerest congratulations and a warm welcome to

the players, coaches, staff, and ownership of Denver Summit FC.
We

eagerly await the inaugural season and the excitement of cheering on

our new home team.
The entire state of Colorado stands with them, and

we look forward to celebrating their success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 CLASS OF THE OHIO AGRICULTURAL HALL OF FAME

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, the Ohio Agricultural Council will mark the

induction of its 2025 Hall of Fame class at a special ceremony to be

held next Friday, August 1, during the Ohio State Fair.
I am honored to

commend to the House this year's four inductees:

John Linder of Edison in my congressional district served as 2020-

2021 President of the National Corn Growers Association.
His leadership

skills, integrity, and dedication to the promotion of agriculture led

to his 2023 election as president of MAIZALL--The International Maize

Alliance, which works to break down barriers to trade and innovation.
He and his brother are the fifth-generation operators of Linder Farms

in Morrow County, where he also co-owns a propane business.
John is

also famous statewide and nationally as a champion tractor puller.
The late Bill Isler of Prospect in my congressional district was a

third-generation farmer and pork producer in Marion County.
His

commitment to innovation in the field of herd health earned him

international recognition.
As owner/operator of Isler Genetics, he was

among the first to implement specific pathogen-free herd standards.
A

recipient of the Ohio Pork Industry Excellence Award from the Ohio Pork

Council.
Bill joins his brothers, Dick Isler and the late Gene Isler,

as a Hall of Fame member.
The late Steven D. Maurer of Botkins in my congressional district was

a long-time public servant both locally and statewide.
For much of the

1970s, he served as Mayor of Botkins, later representing the area in

the Ohio Senate for one term.
He held top roles at the Ohio Department

several years in the late 1980s.
For 16 years, he worked as State

Executive Director of the USDA's Farm Service Agency.
Steve traveled

overseas extensively throughout his career to promote Ohio products and

expand our state's trade opportunities.
A native of Carroll County, John H. Davis has dedicated his life to

teaching others about the importance of agriculture.