What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
Improving performance is a top priority for this Government as we establish Great British Railways.
We regularly meet managing directors of train operating companies and their Network Rail counterparts to demand action to raise standards.
Great British Railways will reunite the management of track and train, and will make joined-up, whole-system decisions that will improve performance for the benefit of passengers and taxpayers alike.
The TransPennine route upgrade is the biggest rail infrastructure project in the country, and my constituency is at the centre of it.
One of the main benefits for passengers will be faster and more reliable trains.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the project, and tell us what steps are being taken to ensure that local communities such as those in Huddersfield benefit fully from improvements in rail performance?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of this investment to her constituency.
The rail upgrade will double the number of seats between Huddersfield and Manchester, and will increase the number by 30% between Huddersfield and Leeds.
Service reliability will also improve.
Moreover, 60% of the workforce will be employed within 25 miles of the route and 66% of spending will be within the local supply chain, which will lead to local growth and jobs—so it is good news all round.
I want to improve rail performance in my constituency, and the extension of the Borders Railway from Tweedbank to Hawick and Newcastleton and on to Carlisle has strong local and cross-party support.
Has the UK Government’s share of the funding for the feasibility study—secured as part of the Borderlands growth deal—been confirmed, and will it be released to Scottish Borders Council imminently?
I understand that officials in my Department are speaking to Scottish colleagues, and I hope to be in a position to say more about that soon, potentially as part of the spending review.
What discussions she is having with airlines to encourage the operation of flights from airports outside London and the south-east.
This Government are committed to growth, which regional airports support by serving their local communities, creating jobs, and acting as gateways to international opportunities.
Heathrow expansion could give more regions access to a bigger international network through their local airports, thus boosting productivity further.
In my constituency, the largest sectoral employer is logistics.
Tamworth sits within the “golden triangle” for distribution, centred around the European rail link.
Within this hub is East Midlands airport, which handles approximately 440,000 tonnes of freight  each year, second only to Heathrow.
What steps will the Minister take to fuel economic growth across the west midlands, reviewing capacity at our regional airports, including Birmingham?
As my hon.
Friend says, freight is hugely important for growth.
That is why the Chancellor recently announced plans to build a new advanced manufacturing and logistics park at East Midlands airport, which will unlock up to £1 billion of investment and 2,000 jobs on the site.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We are getting on with delivering this Government’s plan for change.
Last week I approved upgrades to four major road projects across Wiltshire, Leeds, Essex and Buckinghamshire.
That £90 million investment will reduce journey times, ease congestion and improve safety.
It is on the back of drivers’ switching to electric cars in record-breaking numbers, with sales in January more than 40% higher than those last year and nearly 20,000 public charge points added in 2024 alone.
We are backing, with a £205 million investment, the west midlands metro extension, which will take trams from Wednesbury to Brierley Hill.
We are cutting journey times and improving connections for towns with poor public transport links, and yesterday we announced a £300 million investment to get Britain walking and cycling, with hundreds of new footpaths and cycle lanes.
We are delivering the basics of a better transport system, which means improving the everyday journeys that drive economic growth and make people’s lives better.
I met key Scottish stakeholders recently to discuss proposals to bring to the Glasgow city region a metro scheme interconnecting more and more parts of our region, including the towns and villages in my constituency.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital for the Scottish Government to show the same ambition for growth in Scotland as the UK Government have shown in their recent transport announcements, and will she work with the Scottish Government to ensure that this project maximises investment and opportunity for my constituents?
I will always work closely with colleagues in the Scottish Government to ensure that this Government’s ambitions for transport reach all corners of the UK.
The Scottish Government have had a record settlement through the Budget, so I look forward to hearing more about plans for a greater Glasgow metro scheme as they develop.