Heathrow airport is already the largest single-site payer of business rates in the country, paying approximately £124 million annually.
To fund the Chancellor’s next spending spree, the Valuation Office Agency is currently revaluating airports in England and Wales, and any significant increase could impact  Heathrow’s ability to fund airport expansion and a third runway.
Is the Secretary of State aware of the latest estimate of how much Heathrow’s business rates will increase by?
This was a policy cooked up by the Valuation Office Agency under His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs by the last Government.
We have engaged with airports on this matter and asked them to continue to engage with the Valuation Office Agency.
I notice that the Minister did not answer my question, so I will assist him.
The estimate is that Heathrow’s rates bill will increase fivefold to £600 million annually, putting substantial additional pressure on Heathrow’s finances.
In the light of that, will the Minister confirm the long-standing policy that the full cost of a third runway, including related works such as relocating, tunnelling or bridging over the M25, will be fully funded by the private sector and not by the taxpayer?
The airports national policy statement from 2018, which was two Governments ago, made it clear that any proposal—we have not had a proposal come forward—should treat surface access appropriately, and that should be funded by the private sector where possible.
Residents in Ashbourne have been left feeling hopeless and frustrated after waiting decades for a relief road.
More than 700 heavy goods vehicles pass through the town each day, endangering local pedestrians, increasing pollution and causing significant congestion.
Will the Minister meet me regarding the need to install a relief road for Ashbourne?
As my hon.
Friend knows, delivering a transport system that meets local, regional and national needs will play a vital role in delivering the missions of this Government.
I encourage him to continue to work with Derbyshire county council, which will hopefully be under new leadership in May, and with our excellent East Midlands Mayor, Claire Ward, to advocate for his constituents’ priorities.
I would, of course, be happy to meet him to discuss this.