My constituents in Worsley and Eccles face high levels of congestion on our roads, especially during their rush-hour commute.
We benefit from Greater Manchester’s Bee network, but it only takes a temporary set of traffic lights, roadworks or an accident to back things up.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to give the necessary powers and encouragement to our local communities and decision makers to create joined-up public and private transport networks that will alleviate congestion?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight this issue and will know that this Government are acting quickly to respond to his concerns.
As outlined in the “English Devolution” White Paper, we will empower strategic authorities to play a greater role in co-ordinating their local road networks.
That includes removing unnecessary Secretary of State consent requirements for certain local highway decisions, potentially including lane rental schemes, which will speed up decision making.
So many people who live in rural towns across my constituency rely on bus services to go to work, school and hospital appointments, but too often buses are running late or never turn up at all.
Last week I met local resident Nicola from Emley who told me that when she was unable to drive it was nearly impossible for her daughter Olivia to attend after-school clubs.
Will the Minister advise me on how this Government will hold failing bus companies to account and will help improve services in our local areas?
My hon.
Friend is my constituency neighbour
and I understand the challenges her constituents face.
We know that local bus services are not currently delivering for people around the country.
We are committed to changing that, and our bus services Bill will give local leaders the tools they need to deliver reliable bus services that truly meet the needs of local communities, including in rural areas.
I know that the Minister is s truly passionate advocate for bus services, but if he were privileged enough to live in the beautiful village of Hixon in my constituency and wanted to get to the surgery in Great Haywood, he would have to travel into Stafford on a bus and then on a bus from Stafford to Great Hayward.
Will he update the House on what  additional help and support Staffordshire county council might look forward to receiving so that Hixon residents are able to get directly to Great Hayward?
The Government are determined to empower local leaders to make decisions about their local bus services.
They can choose from a variety of options in that toolkit, including franchising, which is now open to all local transport authorities.
We are lifting the ban on municipal bus companies and improving enhanced partnerships.
It is for local leaders to make those decisions, and we are empowering them to do so.
Rural communities such as mine rely on bus services as a vital lifeline, but too often these services are limited and infrequent.
Private operators dominate the market in my area, yet there is no minimum service requirement to ensure that people can get to work, school or medical appointments.
Will the Government guarantee a minimum level of service so that rural communities are not left stranded?
The hon.
Member will be pleased to know that the bus services Bill includes the socially necessary local services measure.
Under the new measure, local transport authorities operating under an enhanced partnership will need to identify local services which they consider socially necessary and put in place requirements that must be followed before such services can be changed or cancelled.
They will also need to consider the alternative options that are available.
Last week I held a two-hour question and answer session with Disability Action Yorkshire.
One issue that came up was the inability of disabled people to use their bus passes before 9 o’clock, limiting them in getting to work, accessing leisure opportunities or seeing family and friends.
Does the Minister agree that one of the best ways to improve local bus access would be to be allow disabled people to use their passes before 9 o’clock?
The Government already invest £700 million in the national concessionary travel scheme in order to fund those bus passes, and at the last Budget we announced over £1 billion of funding to support buses.
We changed the formula for BSIP—bus service improvement plans—away from the competitive “Hunger Games” style contests under the previous Government.
The hon.
Member’s local area will have received funding and it is able to use that funding to go above and beyond what is set on a national level.
What steps she is taking to maintain open access railway services.
Open access operators will continue to have a place in our reformed Great British railways.
We have supported new proposals from Wrexham, Shropshire and Midlands Railway, and existing track access rights will be honoured.
Open access can provide benefits, but it must not come at the cost of better services for passengers and better value for taxpayers.
In her recent letter to the Office of Rail and Road, the Transport Secretary appeared to push against open access agreements, yet last week, as she has mentioned today, the Government signalled their intention to support the request to license the Wrexham to London Euston line, which will come through Aldridge in my constituency.
Will the Transport Secretary clarify her position on the Wrexham to Euston line, particularly in regard to the inclusion of Aldridge train station?
As she will be aware, thanks to the Labour mayor, the funding for that station has been raided and put into his pet projects.
I appreciate the right hon.
Lady’s commitment to making the case for a new station at Aldridge, but I gently point out to her that in the 14 years of her party’s Government, including her own stint in the Department for Transport, the station failed to materialise.
The West Midlands combined authority has had to prioritise the delivery of schemes that are in construction.
That seems to me to be a reasonable approach, but I appreciate that she will continue to make the case for her own station.
Open access operator Grand Central already runs five services daily from Sunderland to London King’s Cross through my constituency, but unfortunately they currently do not stop.
My constituents have endured years of poor rail services from Northern Rail, with just one overcrowded two-carriage train an hour, which is often cancelled or delayed.
While I welcome this Government’s investment in 450 new trains for Northern Rail, we need some immediate solutions.
Will the Minister urge the ORR to approve the application from Grand Central to allow these trains to stop at stations in my Easington constituency?
Open access operators currently account for 1% of our railways, and they do not always have the same public service obligations as other train operating companies.
We have always supported open access operators where they genuinely add value and do not divert revenue away from existing operators, all of which are supported by the taxpayer in some form.
I would add that we need to make best use of constrained capacity on the rail network.
Ensuring that the railway can recover from problems on the railways is also important to me.
Talking of access, several years ago, Greater Anglia demolished half of Wickford station to extend some of the platforms.
However, after nearly three years of endless excuses, missed deadlines and, frankly, broken promises, it still has not rebuilt it.
I regret to say that I have lost all confidence in the senior management of Greater Anglia.
If they told me today was a Thursday, I would double-check it.
Can I go over their head and ask the Secretary of State for a personal meeting with the Rail Minister so that we can finally get Wickford station rebuilt, despite Greater Anglia, rather than because of it?
I will happily ask the Rail Minister to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to ensure that progress can be made at Wickford.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will be delighted by the news that Go-op will be operating a new mandate for return  services between Swindon and Taunton.
Does she agree that this demonstrates the Government’s commitment to improving connectivity across the country?
Can we hope for such improvements to connectivity in my little corner of the world in Berkshire?
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend has raised this proposal, which demonstrates the pragmatic approach we take to open access operators.
Go-op will be the first co-operatively owned train service running anywhere in the UK.
If there are any investors out there thinking about investing in that service, I encourage them to look closely at it.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of using alternative funding models to purchase rolling stock.
As part of our reforms to the railway, we have set out that we will continue to lease rolling stock when we take contracts into public ownership, but we will apply a single directing mind approach to eliminate barriers to sharing rolling stock better across the network.
We will consider the best funding and financing structures for future orders and contracts in partnership with private capital.
At the moment, the rolling stock leasing companies take more than £1 billion of profit out of the railway.
A substantial amount of that could be reinvested in improving the railway network.
With the Bill for Great British Railways due to come to Parliament soon, will the Secretary of State look seriously at alternative financing models such as EUROFIMA—the European company for the financing of railroad rolling stock—or even a publicly owned ROSCO that could deliver rolling stock at a considerably lower price?
Indeed, will she be more socialist and more ambitious with the Bill?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that I do not lack any ambition when it comes to Great British Railways.
It would cost billions in taxpayers’ money to buy existing rolling stock, at a time when there are many pressures on the public purse.
My officials have been engaging regularly with EUROFIMA to consider the potential for UK membership and how EUROFIMA finance could be deployed in the UK.
What steps her Department is taking to improve reliability on the east coast main line.
The Department recognises the critical importance of the east coast main line and has invested £4 billion in a combination of infrastructure enhancements and rolling stock upgrades that will help to deliver journey time, reliability and capacity improvements.
The full benefit of this investment will be felt with the introduction of a revised timetable in December 2025.
The Department continues to work closely with Network Rail to explore opportunities to improve performance and resilience.
My constituents have raised concerns about the reliability of services on the east coast main line, with one constituent receiving delay repay compensation for five out of six journeys he took over a two-month period.
I welcome the correspondence I have had with the Rail Minister on the action that the Department for Transport is taking with rail partners, including through the east coast digital programme.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the first trains utilising new digital signalling technology will be on the tracks by the end of the year?
When does she expect passengers to feel the full benefit of this welcome upgrade?
The east coast digital programme is delivering digital signalling on 100 miles of the east coast main line.
The technology will deliver an inherent improvement to service reliability and uplift performance and capacity across the line, including for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
The first trains are forecast to start running under digital signalling from early 2026.
The number of services running under digital signalling will increase until the full programme is expected to be complete in the early 2030s.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of rail services.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of rail services.
It is our ambition through public ownership to deliver a more affordable railway.
This year’s fare increase of 4.6% is the lowest absolute increase in three years.
We are committed to reforming the overcomplicated fares system and expanding ticketing innovations like pay-as-you-go in urban areas across the country.
When the Secretary of State finally steps in and knocks heads together and we get our Azuma train to Grimsby via Market Rasen, will she instruct the railway company to name the locomotive Margaret Thatcher to remind us all that the best way to reduce the cost of rail services is to end restrictive trade union practices?
I hate to disappoint the Father of the House, but I am afraid that I will not be making such a commitment today.
The British people pay some of the highest rail fares in Europe.
However, the Government seem to prioritise the size of the socialist state, by kowtowing to trade unions with radical public pay rises and nationalisation plans.
Will the Secretary of State instead please focus on improving the lot of commuters—particularly Romford’s hard-working commuters—and take real steps to reduce rail fares and improve railway services?
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman has the gall to raise this issue when, under his party’s Government, fares rose at around twice the speed of wages.
I also point out that since 2020, train operating companies have paid out nearly £1 billion to their parent companies, signed off by Conservative Ministers in the previous Government.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about costs and value for money on the railway, I suggest he start by looking in the mirror.
It was, in fact, a Conservative Secretary of State who forced fare rises on Transport for London in exchange for covid emergency funding.
What steps will my right hon.
Friend take to put TfL on a better footing in the future, including backing great projects such as the one in my constituency to upgrade and provide step-free access at one of the busiest stations in the country at South Kensington?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: in the middle of a global pandemic, the Conservatives were still obsessed with settling old political scores over fares in London, rather than doing right by the capital.
I vividly remember a meeting with the then Secretary of State to discuss how we could keep services safely running, which ended with him telling me, “This would have been so much easier if you hadn’t frozen fares.”
Unlike the Conservatives, this Government will always do right by the capital, as well as the rest of the country.
Can I ask that this UK Government do not follow the approach taken by the Scottish Government on public ownership?
ScotRail fares are set for another inflation-busting increase in April, following an 8.7% hike last year and the reintroduction of peak fares in September.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP should be making rail more affordable, instead of hitting passengers with painful fare hikes time and again?
The increases are bad for Scotland’s rail passengers, bad for our economy and bad for the environment.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will bring the train operating companies into public ownership properly, and that we will not repeat the mistakes we have seen in Scotland.