It does both.
There is only one way in which we can provide the Ukrainians with increasing amounts of munitions and drones, which are developing and changing rapidly, and that is by boosting the strength of our defence industries.
That has the additional importance of enabling us to boost our capacity to deter any potential aggression, so in that sense we can do both, and we are doing so.
Viewed from Washington, the idea of carving up the map in Europe might look like a pragmatic deal, even if history tells us that that always ends badly.
Surely we in Europe understand that no matter what we give Vladimir Putin, he will always want more.
Is that the context in which the strategic defence review is being carried out, and does the Minister accept that this moment requires a fundamental reset of our relations with our European partners—not just in defence—and that we need to get real about the financial and economic implications?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that the strategic defence review is about identifying threats that we face now, rather than threats we perhaps faced before the Ukraine war began, so I can tell him that the review is being conducted with that in mind.
On the deterrence that we need to be able to provide and the money we need to spend to provide it, the commitment is as it has been: as the Prime Minister has said, he will set out a path to 2.5% once the strategic defence review has been published, and we expect that to be in the spring.
As the Minister will know from her many welcome visits, my constituency is home to many defence companies that are playing a vital role in this conflict.
Does she agree that it is crucial that we continue to support companies here in the UK to get military kit into the hands of those in Ukraine who need it most?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
I have had the pleasure of visiting her constituency on several occasions, and when it was her predecessor’s constituency as well, so I am well aware of the strength of its defence industrial base.
We need to strengthen that base across our nations and regions, and we are doing that.
That has the additional importance of providing deterrence for our nation as well as supporting Ukraine.
Will the Minister agree that this clarifies what the benchmark of success for the defence review must be?
As some of the defence chiefs have been expressing, we must be ready, if necessary, to fight a war with Russia if we are to deter it and if we are to be in any position to guarantee the security of an independent and sovereign Ukraine after whatever is agreed between President Trump and President Putin.
I agree—we all agree—with the hon.
Gentleman that defence spending needs to increase.
That must be done in the context of us setting out in the SDR precisely where we see the threats.
It is important to spend money correctly and in the best possible way, and I do not think that there is any real disagreement across the Chamber about that.
We will see in due course whether those challenges are met when the strategic defence review is published and we set out the path to 2.5%— When?
In the spring.