I am very interested by that last answer, because the Government do think that nationalisation will reduce the cost of rail travel.
What lessons has the Secretary of State learned from the SNP’s nationalisation of ScotRail?
We will be increasing value for money in the way we operate our railways.
To start off with, we will be getting rid of up to £100 million a year in management fees that we are currently paying out of the public purse to the train operating companies.
We are determined to drive up performance on our railways and give better value for money to the taxpayer.
The latest experiment in nationalisation has shown in just two years that state inefficiency has pushed up costs—not reduced them—by £600 million,  forcing fares to rise, alongside an increase in delays, a slump in customer satisfaction, and cuts, instead of improvements, to services.
The data shows that in England, Greater Anglia has been the best performing operator, saving money for taxpayers while serving passengers with modern, punctual trains.
The Secretary of State is about to launch a public consultation on nationalisation—one that has been as delayed as ScotRail trains.
I am told that even the plan to publish it today has been further delayed, with the excuse of No. 10 on the line.
If the Secretary of State consults, she has to be prepared to listen.
Will she now listen to the deep concerns of the rail industry, and not just the ever-generous unions, and avoid another disastrous nationalisation?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that the consultation on establishing Great British Railways is coming soon, and I look forward to discussing it further with him.
I am confident that by bringing together the management of track and train, we can strip out duplication in our railways, provide better value for the taxpayer and ensure that trains are turning up on time, with reliable and punctual services.
That is what we will deliver.
What steps her Department is taking to improve transport infrastructure in rural communities.
The Government recognise the importance of high quality transport infrastructure as part of a well-functioning, integrated transport network.
We are supporting all local authorities to improve transport infrastructure, including through our £1.6 billion investment in local roads.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s roads are littered with potholes, which is why they are getting a share of our 50% uplift.
Norfolk’s economy, to fire on all cylinders, needs a decent rural road network.
The Thickthorn junction in my constituency is outdated and urgently needs upgrading to support growth and unlock new homes.
Will the Minister back the project and visit to see at first hand why the Government should put Norfolk at the heart of our investment plans?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for the needs of his rural constituents.
The central mission of this Government is to support economic growth, and this is one of a number of road investments under consideration.
In the past week, we have approved upgrades to four major road projects across England.
On the specific scheme, I hope to be able to say more in the coming weeks, and perhaps I will be visiting his constituency.
Sleaford has a beautiful grade II listed railway station in popular use.
However, it is very difficult for those with disabilities to access the second platform because there is no lift.
I have long campaigned for a lift, and I worked with East Midlands Railway, with the financial support of the previous Government, on a feasibility study for a lift that is in keeping with the  heritage station.
Will this Government back access for my constituents and access for people to come and visit our beautiful town?