In her previous role as deputy London Mayor for transport, the Secretary of State stated she was “clear” in her opposition to a third runway at Heathrow.
Is she still clear in her opposition, and if not, what has changed her mind?
When I was deputy Mayor for transport in London, I was speaking in that capacity at that time, reflecting the views of the Mayor of London and City Hall on a previous Heathrow expansion scheme.
As Secretary of State, I will consider any airport expansion proposals on their merits and in line with existing processes.
Balancing economic growth and our environmental obligations is central to all my work in this role, and I will always act in the national interest, doing what is right for the country as a whole.
At least nine major roads in my constituency will be affected by roadworks in the next week.
Seemingly endless utility works and roadworks are a crucial issue for my constituents, who have told me it makes them late for work, school pick-up and even hospital appointments.
Can the Minister tell me what steps her Department is taking to improve the situation for my constituents?
This Government stand with local road users who are frustrated by roadworks that cause unnecessary disruption.
While councils and utility companies should always work together to minimise the impact of their works, we are also taking action: we are doubling fixed penalty notices for utility companies that do not comply with certain requirements for carrying out their street works, and we have extended overrun charges of up to £10,000 per day to weekends and bank holidays, to prevent overrunning roadworks.
Open access operators such as Hull Trains offer excellent, cheap, unsubsidised inter-city services to locations across the north, so why are Ministers trying to block their expansion and stifle growth?
There is a balance to be struck here.
I welcome services such as those that run to Hull; they open up new routes and new connectivity.
I have, however, asked the Office of Rail and Road to consider the balance in the revenue that they abstract from public operators, and to ensure that we are using constrained capacity in our network appropriately to deliver excellent services for passengers.
The RAC recently reported that potholes in Derbyshire are the worst in the country, but rather than welcoming over £75 million of funding for the east midlands, the Conservatives at Derbyshire county council claim that this is not new money and that it is bound up in red tape.
Does the Minister agree that these are just more excuses, and that the Conservative-controlled Derbyshire county council should stop complaining and start fixing our roads?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The state of our roads is a daily reminder of Tory failure, which is why this Government have provided record funding to fix them.
Derbyshire is getting its share of the extra £20 million going to the East Midlands combined authority.
We expect the council to get on with the job and to tell local residents how it intends to use the extra taxpayers’ money that it is getting.