The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to purchase electric vehicles.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to use electric vehicles.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to use electric vehicles.
The Government support zero emission vehicles through taxation incentives, vehicle grants and funding infrastructure roll-out.
In January, EV sales were 42% higher than in January 2024.
The recent National Audit Office report showed that we are on track to meet the 300,000 public charging points needed for expected demand in 2030.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
Electric vehicle demand is increasing.
The Government’s commitment to banning the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030 will have a significant impact on UK emissions, but there remain many misunderstandings and myths about electric vehicles.
They are safer and cleaner, and whole-life costs are significantly cheaper.
What can the Government do to increase consumer confidence by dispelling some of the nonsense peddled by vested interests?
My hon.
Friend’s expertise in the field is welcome.
Showcasing the benefits of EV ownership and the growth of the public charging point network are vital to supporting the transition away from diesel and petrol-powered cars.
As he will know, EV drivers can save hundreds of pounds a year, and the average range of a new EV is now 236 miles.
That is about two weeks’ driving for most people, and of course it is  cleaner and greener.
We are working closely with industry stakeholders to promote positive messaging around EVs and to improve consumer confidence.
One of the challenges facing people who are moving to electric vehicles is the charging infrastructure, particularly in inner cities.
Local authorities have worked to try to help that, but they have limited resources.
My old team at Newham council did a deal with Uber to supply 400 on-street charging units.
Does the Minister agree that that sort of partnership using public sector actors with private finance could help resolve the issue?
Could the Government look at ways they could work with local authorities to secure those public-private partnerships?
It is great to hear about Newham council’s partnership that was developed under my hon.
Friend’s leadership.
The £381 million local EV infrastructure fund does just as he suggests, and is expected to deliver 100,000 charging points across the country, supporting those drivers without off-street parking to switch to electric vehicles.
The future of the car industry is important to West Brom, and that future lies in electric vehicles.
One of the key issues on the demand side is that consumers do not have enough confidence in second-hand EVs, despite manufacturer warranties and increasingly good battery life.
What steps are the Government taking to improve consumer confidence when buying second- hand EVs?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that one in three used electric cars are now under £20,000, and data suggests that owners should expect an EV to last just as long as an internal combustion engine car.
The United Nations Economic Commission for Europe has developed a new global technical regulation, which would set standards for the lifespan of an EV battery and its minimum durability.
We are analysing options for the implementation of such regulations in the UK.
What the Minister says is all very well, but why do the Government not support my Exemption from Value Added Tax (Public Electric Vehicle Charging Points)
Bill?
As the hon.
Member knows, matters relating to taxation are for the Treasury rather than the Department for Transport, but I am sure that the Chancellor will be looking at the proposals that he brings forward.