The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise these concerns.
It is clear that any peace that is negotiated, which must have the consent of the Ukrainians themselves, has to be durable, and to the extent that that requires security guarantees, those have to be present for it to work.
It is a truism from ancient Roman times that if we want peace, we must prepare for war, and I am glad the strategic defence review is preparing us for war—sadly—although in slow motion, unfortunately.
Will the SDR consider the unlocked back door that is Ireland, which sits outwith NATO?
It is clear that alarm bells are ringing in NATO, but Ireland, cash rich, sits outside NATO and has a critical role in defending undersea cables.
We learn from the Irish press that its navy is setting sail without sufficient officers to man its main guns—it is sending out gunboats without guns.
What can we do to encourage Ireland to play a full role in what will, I think, be a confrontation with Russia?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to prepare.
The strategic defence review will set out the threats that we face and we will then turn our attention to making sure we obtain the capabilities to deal with them.
Obviously we will look at any weaknesses there might be and try to shore them up.
Every time President Trump makes a statement about Ukraine I hear from constituents that they are terrified for the future of Ukraine, and never more so than in the last 24 hours.
Will the Minister confirm whether the British Government were consulted on or told about President Trump’s call with Vladimir Putin beforehand?
I am afraid it is above my pay grade to know the answer to that question, but I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will have an opportunity to ask those whose pay grade it is not above at another questions session.
As far as I am aware we have had friendly conversations at the Ukraine defence contact group with members of the US Administration.
What practical help are the Government providing to Ukraine’s legal system and judges to ensure the prosecution of war crimes?
We have a 100-year partnership with Ukraine, which has been signed.
That will be supporting it in any way it feels it needs support that we might be able to offer.
I cannot answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question today about what help we have given, but I am absolutely certain that if Ukraine asks us for help and it is considered that our legal profession is able to supply it, we will think about doing so.
Does the Minister not agree that the lesson to draw from this is the importance of military strength, working with all our NATO and European allies, but critically being able to stand on our own two feet militarily?
We need to see defence spending as investment, and in that light does she wish we were not giving however many billions of pounds it is to Mauritius and that we could invest that money in our defences instead?
We have a commitment to getting our defence spending back to 2.5% of GDP, and the last time it was at that level was at the time of the last Labour Government.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  24 February  includes: Monday 24 February —Remaining stages of the Crown Estate Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 25 February —Second Reading of the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education (Transfer of Functions etc) Bill
[Lords].
Wednesday 26 February —Opposition day (5th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 27 February —General debate on the third anniversary of the war in Ukraine, followed by a general debate on St David’s day.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 February —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  3 March  will include: Monday 3 March —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
Tuesday 4 March —All stages of the Church of Scotland (Lord High Commissioner) Bill.
Wednesday 5 March —Estimates day (1st allotted day).
At 7 pm the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 6 March —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 7 March —Private Members’ Bills.
Like some of our leading podcasters, we love a storm cloud or two in business questions.
Sure enough, the poor Government have been desperately hoping that recent events in America would drive the storm clouds away from the UK economy.
Even though the news from Washington DC has been startling, to say the least, it has not been enough to dispel yet another week of adverse economic headlines.
Both the Office for Budget Responsibility and the Bank of England have reportedly downgraded their growth forecasts, the latter cutting its by half, to a measly 0.75% for the year.
So much for the Chancellor’s much-vaunted dash for growth.
Meanwhile, the National Institute of Economic and Social Research has reported that “zero fiscal headroom remains” to deal with any shocks, in the same week that President Trump has announced 25% tariffs on steel.
It is easy to see what has happened here: Labour never expected President Trump to win.
It sent a team over to campaign for his opponent.
The Government passed an anti-growth Budget, and they did not build enough leeway into their financial planning.
Indeed, the Chancellor promised no new taxes or spending.
Now we are having to live with the consequences.
It was also hard to miss the continuing controversy that the Attorney General is creating, and harder still not to notice the extremely critical words of his Labour  colleague, Lord Glasman.
I do not propose to repeat those words here, but they point to two issues that demand this House’s full and proper attention.
In both cases, the concern is not over the legal positions taken by the Attorney General as such, but the contradictions that they offer to the rest of Government policy.
People can agree or disagree about the policy, but the contradictions cannot be fudged.
They cannot be blamed on others, and they require explanation.
The first contradiction is in relation to international law.
On  3 February , the Attorney General told the Council of Europe that the Government would “never withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights, or refuse to comply with judgments of the court”.
In doing so, he was simply restating settled UK policy for many decades, a fact that he somehow neglected to mention.
The difficulty arises, however, because the Government’s new legislation on small boats appears to retain a measure banning migrants from claiming protections under the modern slavery laws.
That is a ban that the Prime Minister went out of his way to denounce when it was first introduced in 2023.
In his words: “It is a crying shame that…we face legislation that drives a coach and horses through our world-leading modern slavery framework, which protects women from exploitation.”—[Official
Report,  8 March 2023 ; Vol. 729, c. 295.]
That is quite a U-turn.
You see the deeper problem, Mr Speaker.
Which is it to be: will the Government abide by international law in this instance and protect women from exploitation, as the Prime Minister said, or will they reverse his newly adopted position in support of the ban?
The second problem relates to domestic law.
Last November, the Attorney General strengthened his official guidance to Government lawyers on possible legal risk.
He specifically cautioned against offering legal support for policies that have only a tenable case.
Elsewhere, he has pledged to restore checks on Executive—that is, Government—action.
This comes at a time when the Prime Minister has specifically pledged to end vexatious litigation while building a huge amount of new housing and infrastructure.
You see the problem, Mr Speaker.
It was the problem that the noble Lord Glasman was pointing out when he praised the rule of law, but not of lawyers.
This edict will have a chilling effect on what I think we can already agree is pretty sluggish decision making by Ministers.
Will the Government now take less legal risk, as the Attorney General requires?
Will their lawyers now require Ministers to act only when they can defeat a legal challenge, or will they curb the judicial reviews and other legal cases that will otherwise inevitably disrupt their building plans?
I do not expect the Leader of the House to tell us how the Government plan to resolve those obvious problems today, but the House would be grateful for a debate in Government time on what on earth the Government’s approach will be to resolving them.
May I first update the House on the work of the Modernisation Committee, which I chair?
We established the Committee to rebuild trust in politics, raise standards, improve culture and make Parliament more effective.
In recent years, the role of an MP has changed significantly, with many more demands and  expectations in the constituency.
The make-up of the Commons has changed a great deal too; many more parties are represented and Members better reflect the country we serve.
So how we do things needs to change, too.
I thank all of those who contributed to our wide-ranging call for views.
Work is already under way, with the Standards Committee’s inquiry on Members’ outside employment and the Procedure Committee’s inquiry on proxy votes and call lists.
Today, we have set out three further areas for consideration: improving accessibility; ensuring that the Chamber remains the crucible of national debate; and how we can provide more certainty on parliamentary business.
The right hon.
Gentleman raised a number of points and gave a list of economic statistics.
I might give him some alternative ones, if I may.
Inflation is down, mortgage rates are coming down, wages are growing at their fastest rate in three years, business investment is at the highest level for 19 years, and the International Monetary Fund and the OECD are both saying that Britain will be Europe’s fastest growing major economy in coming years.
He supported the former Prime Minister —not  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , who is in his place, but the one who crashed the economy and sent mortgage rates flying and inflation to record highs—so I will not take lectures from him.