Department for Transport analysis carried out in 2017 showed that expanding Heathrow would displace 27,000 jobs from the UK regions to London by 2050, with 17 million fewer passengers using non-London airports.
Does the Minister hope that the same analysis, if done now, would come to a different conclusion in order to ensure that UK economic growth really does benefit all UK regions and not just west London?
The Government are committed to regional airports.
I am proudly wearing my “Yes to R2” badge from when we built a second runway at Manchester airport in 2001.
The position is quite the opposite of what my hon.
Friend describes: under the 2018 airports national policy statement, the number of connections from Heathrow to regional airports was expected to increase if Heathrow expanded, increasing productivity in those regions.
Northern Trains runs one train per day on the Gainsborough-Brigg-Cleethorpes line.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one train per day is pretty pointless?
Will she arrange a meeting with the appropriate Minister for me and other affected MPs, so that we can discuss how to secure a better service?
Reliable, frequent train services are important, no matter where in the country we live.
I will ask the Rail Minister for a meeting.
Does the Minister agree that achieving economic growth requires sustained investment in our transport infra- structure?
Would she be willing to visit Glasgow International airport to learn more about how transport infrastructure can assist with the further development of the proposed investment zone in my constituency?
I agree that investment in our transport infrastructure across the country is essential to our growth mission.
I am aware of the investment zone bid involving Glasgow airport, and the aviation Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , would be delighted to visit in the near future.
I do not know whether the Secretary of State is aware that large swathes of British Airways flights between London and Scotland are automatically cancelled when there are serious weather or technical issues at Heathrow.
British Airways says that if the Secretary of State’s officials, the Civil Aviation Authority, Heathrow and airlines worked together, the number of cancellations could be minimised, even in those circumstances, so will she facilitate those discussions?
The right hon.
Member raises an important point.
The resilience of the UK aviation sector is important, and key to its success, so we will facilitate any discussions to make sure we are always on an improvement trajectory.
Access for disabled people was a condition of opening up planning for the York Central development.
However,  I hear that the condition will be bypassed, and that planning will go ahead without disabled access being put in place.
That clearly impedes disabled people.
Can we ensure that difficult engineering work is undertaken before planning permission is granted?
The accessibility of all modes of transport is extremely important to this Government.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter further.
Despite my constituency being only a stone’s throw from Heathrow, we have no direct rail link to the country’s busiest airport.
Last week, Heathrow Southern Railway submitted a business case to the Government.
When will the Government consider it, to ensure that my constituents can get a train to Heathrow?
Alongside the question of how many planes should take off and land at Heathrow, there is the critical question of how people get to the airport.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point, and I would be happy to discuss it further with him.
Learner drivers in Basingstoke have been left stranded for months—in some cases, years—unable to book a driving test.
That is affecting their jobs, their education and the local economy.
Does the Secretary of State agree that urgent action is needed to extend test centre hours, to ramp up the recruitment of examiners, and to clamp down on the rip-off companies that book multiple slots, only to flog them at higher prices?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise these concerns on behalf of learner drivers.
On  18 December , the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency set out a seven-point plan that recognises the need to fix the driving test booking system, so that we can get new drivers on the road.
I will hold it to account for delivery of that plan and the changes that my hon.
Friend and his constituents need to see.
When the previous Government cancelled High Speed 2, they promised more than £4 billion for projects in the north and the midlands.
Do the Government still plan to deliver on that, and when should we expect to see that money in the north?
I hate to tell the hon.
Gentleman this, but that was fantasy money.
We are working through a pipeline of transport infrastructure projects, and will make announcements alongside the spending review.
The long-promised platform 1 lift at Hertford North station, due to be delivered under the Access for All scheme, has been delayed yet again.
This leaves some of my disabled constituents having to travel back up the line to get a different train to platform 2, so that they can use the lift there.
Will the appropriate Minister meet me to discuss how we can urgently drive forward the lift project for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise concerns about disabled access at his local station.
We want to ensure that everyone can access our public transport networks, and I would be happy to ensure that I or one of my colleagues met him.
On economic growth, which we have discussed, will the Secretary of State clarify, for the benefit of the Conservative party, that economic growth depends on rather more than a well-oiled revolving door between the Tory party and big business—a door through which a former Tory Transport Minister and Member of the other place unsuccessfully attempted to walk last week?
Delivering economic growth requires a proper plan for investment in our transport infrastructure.
That is exactly what this Government are determined to deliver.
Once Birmingham’s Camp Hill line reopens, we will need track investment if we are to restore the pre-pandemic service frequencies on the cross-city line, including to Northfield and Longbridge.
Will the Minister look fully at the case for upgrading King’s Norton station?
My hon.
Friend is an assiduous and informed campaigner for improved rail services for his constituents.
He will know that funding for the midlands rail hub includes funding for designs for reinstated island platforms at King’s Norton.
Decisions   still need to be taken on future investment, but I know that he will push for construction to start as soon as possible.
The Calder Valley line was listed as a top priority for improvements by Transport for the North’s electrification taskforce 10 years ago, back in 2015, yet my constituents are still waiting for those improvements.
Will the Minister commit this Government to delivering the infrastructure for my constituents that the last Government could not?
Network Rail is completing a strategic outline business case, covering electrification of the Calder Valley line.
The business case will be considered in the context of the wider electrification strategy, so that we can determine how to deliver the best possible benefits across the region.
Next month, railway enthusiasts from around the world will come to my constituency, where we will mark the 200th anniversary of the Stockton and Darlington railway, which took off from the town of Shildon.
Will my right hon.
Friend ask the Rail Minister to meet me and other MPs along that route to talk about how the Government can be part of those celebrations?
I am sure that is an invitation that the Rail Minister could not possibly refuse.
On that basis, I look forward to a Minister opening the Coppull railway station, or at least doing an impact study on the main line.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on Ukraine.
Yesterday, at the Ukraine Defence Contact Group, chaired by the Defence Secretary, we saw almost 50 nations and partners standing together.
Ukraine is backed by the members of the group, and by billions of dollars-worth of arms and ammunition that have been committed to keep its warfighters equipped.
That will increase pressure on Putin, help force him to the table, and bring a sustainable peace closer.
We were pleased that Secretary Hegseth confirmed the US’s continued commitment to the group, to Ukraine’s pursuit of what he called “a durable peace”, and to the importance of security guarantees.
We heard his call for European nations to step up; we are, and we will.
NATO allies pledged €40 billion in 2024, and went on to provide €50 billion.
The majority of that came from European nations, while non-US NATO allies boosted wider defence spending by 20% in just the last year, so Europe is stepping up.
Finally, we saw a clear commitment to ratcheting up the pressure on Putin, using both military and economic tools.
We all agree that 2025 will be the critical year for Ukraine.
At this crucial moment, we will not step back, but step up our support for Ukraine.
President Trump and President Zelensky have both spoken of their desire to achieve “peace through strength”.
The commitments made yesterday provide the collective strength that we need to achieve peace.
For our part, the UK will spend £4.5 billion on military support for Ukraine this year, which is more than ever before.
We have now provided more than 500,000 artillery shells, worth over £1.5 billion.
Yesterday, the Defence Secretary announced that we will provide an additional £150 million of new firepower, including drones, tanks and air-to-air missiles.
Ukraine’s security matters to global security.
That is why the vital Ukraine Defence Contact Group coalition of 50 nations and partners stretches from the Indo-Pacific to South America.
This war was never about the fate of just one nation.
When the border of one country is redrawn by force, it undermines the security of all nations.
The US is serious about stability in the Indo-Pacific, as are we.
That is why the Prime Minister announced that the carrier strike group will go there next year.
If aggression goes unchecked on one continent, it emboldens regimes on another, so on stepping up for Ukraine, we are, and we will.
On stepping up for European security, we are, and we will.
I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question; we are in recess next week, and the day that we return will be the third anniversary of Putin’s unprovoked illegal invasion of Ukraine.
In the past three years, Russia has inflicted unimaginable suffering on Ukraine.
There has been military and civilian loss of life on a vast scale, at the hands of a dictator oblivious to consequences and only too willing to sacrifice his own soldiers to the meat grinder.
In the face of so many casualties and so much pain, of course we all want peace.
We all want the senseless slaughter to stop, and for Ukraine to once again thrive and enjoy the trappings of peace and prosperity, which we all take for granted.
It is clear that an end to this suffering is a goal that President Trump wishes to achieve rapidly; he set that out to the American people before securing their support for his election to the White House, and for a second mandate.
We remain 100% steadfast in our support for Ukraine, and in our backing for the Government in delivering that; they gave us the same backing when in opposition.
We agree in principle with them and believe, as we stressed repeatedly in government, that it is for the Ukrainians to decide the timing and the terms of any negotiations on ending the war.
Does the Minister agree that negotiations without the direct involvement of Ukraine would be unthinkable?
What more can the Minister say about how the Government will work with allies to ensure that any negotiations are driven by the primacy of Ukraine’s needs, not least given its status as the democratic nation invaded, without provocation, by a dictator?
We welcome the news from the Minister about the commitments given by other European NATO nations this week, but is not President Trump right to consistently highlight the point that some NATO nations spend far below what is expected and required on defence?
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government, using every lever at their disposal, will remind all NATO members that a win for Putin in any settlement may bring a temporary end to the conflict, but will not make the world a safer place?
Far from it.
It would be an illusion of peace, and would be likely to send a very dangerous signal to other potential adversaries.
Of course, the position expressed by both the US President and his Defence Secretary yesterday has huge implications for our defence policy.
They have made it abundantly clear that the US will play no role in any future peacekeeping effort in Ukraine, should that be necessary.
Although the Government will of course be cautious about contemplating publicly the implications of that, is not the key point straightforward: if higher defence spending was urgent before, it is now critical?