I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Last year, just one in 10 consumers buying a new car chose battery electric, and in 2024, the private market for battery electric was 20% lower than Government intervention had tried to manipulate it to be.
Without fleet sales—which we know are warped by huge tax incentives, promoting them over practical vehicle choices—electric car demand just is not there.
When will the Minister understand that people are crying out for a different way to defossilise and decarbonise their private vehicles?
Battery electric just is not popular, so when will the Government stop trying to tell people what they should want?
This is just a “Government knows best” attitude at its very worst, is it not?
What an absolutely astonishing intervention by the shadow Minister.
It was his Government who introduced the zero emission vehicle mandate, and we are not proposing to change the trajectory that they introduced.
I would gently remind him that many fleet vehicles are in fact private vehicles, as people choose to lease their vehicles or access them through a salary  sacrifice scheme.
Last year, the UK was the largest market in Europe—in fact, in the world—for EV vehicles.[Official Report,  24 February 2025 ; Vol. 762, c. 10WC.] (Correction)
He is talking nonsense.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders’ January report simply does not back up what the Minister has just said.
I repeat that only one in 10 consumers—the people we all represent in this House—actively chose a battery electric vehicle.
As the Minister knows from her time on the Transport Select Committee when we looked at the future of fuel, there are other technologies out there.
The Government like to say that they are technology-neutral, but the ZEV mandate’s myopic focus on the tailpipe rather than whole system analysis effectively denies our innovators the room to defossilise and decarbonise in a manner that consumers want.
Surely the Minister sees that, so instead of trying to force people to buy battery electric, will the Government just get the bureaucracy out of the way and let our innovators innovate?
I wonder whether the shadow Minister has actually met any vehicle manufacturers.
If he had, he would know that they are investing incredibly heavily in the switch to battery electric vehicles.
I and my ministerial colleagues have met manufacturers representing 95% of the UK car market to understand their concerns, and we will be working with them to ensure we support all UK vehicle manufacturers, who have—as they would put it—bet the house on the transition to electric vehicles.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
We have empowered local councils to tackle the highway maintenance backlog, which is the result of a decade of under-investment by the previous Government.
We have made an immediate start by providing an extra £500 million next year, representing an increase of nearly 40% for most councils.
We will end the pothole plague on our roads and ensure safer journeys for everyone.