My constituent Kevin Stephenson and many other people in Hartlepool have complained about the shocking underperformance of Northern Rail.
He has witnessed passengers being asked to wait in toilets in order to allow more people on to trains.
Services are frequently cancelled, promises of additional carriages have not materialised, and residents are regularly left stranded at stations.
Will the Minister work with me to fix the unacceptable level of service?
Ministers and officials are in regular contact with Northern Rail.
We recognise that its performance is totally unacceptable, and with the challenges that Northern Rail faces, it will take time to become a stable and reliable service.
I would be absolutely delighted to work with my hon.
Friend.
As you will know, Mr Speaker, I rarely, if ever, agree with the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan.
The Secretary of State has set out the position in relation to her change of heart, but will she commit to ensure that any proposal for a third runway at Heathrow will have a full impact assessment before it is approved or denied?
I fully support the Chancellor’s call for fresh proposals for Heathrow.
Some of our airports in the south-east are running at or near capacity.
We cannot pretend that that is not the case, and I am not prepared to be part of a Government who duck the difficult decisions.
As the person who may ultimately be taking planning decisions on any application for a third runway at Heathrow, I will judge any scheme on its merits.
We will update the airports national policy statement, and any expansion scheme must meet our legal and environmental obligations.
As the Secretary of State knows, the south-west peninsula already contributes significantly to the UK economy, including through life sciences and climate tech.
We are, however, held back from reaching our full potential by under-investment in transport connectivity, which is made worse by upcoming works at Old Oak Common and the continuing bottleneck on the A303.
Will the Minister commit to developing a strategic investment plan to ensure that the south-west peninsula has the transport infrastructure it needs to unlock further growth?
As I have said before, growth is the priority mission of this Government, and we are committed to empowering local leaders.
A regional transport strategy, and a strategic investment plan for the south-west, has been developed by the sub-national transport body Peninsula Transport.
As well as being home to both GCHQ and NATO’s Allied Rapid Reaction Corps headquarters, Gloucestershire has the largest concentration of cyber-tech businesses and aerospace engineering firms outside London, but the county, and particularly Tewkesbury, is subject to slow, unreliable and grossly outdated rail services.
It is also underserved by road transport links eastward.
The Government recently announced that they will develop a silicon valley between Milton Keynes— Order.
We are on topicals—I think you need an Adjournment debate.
Who is going to answer that?
I will certainly meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss this matter.