Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. William ``Bill'' Greer, a distinguished leader, educator, and advocate for higher education who has announced his retirement as the 15th President.
Dr. Greer's exemplary tenure, spanning more than 13 years, is marked by significant transformation, growth, and achievement for Milligan University.
A proud alumnus, Dr. Greer graduated from Milligan in 1985 and returned to his alma mater in 1994 as a Professor of Economics and Business.
With a wealth of experience after a decade in the private sector, Dr. Greer led the institution's business initiative as the founding director of Milligan's MBA program.
His leadership as Vice President for Institutional Advancement was instrumental to the success of the ``Forward Ever'' campaign, raising $28 million for the university in its first phase of implementation.
Since assuming the role of president in 2011, Dr. Greer has been a visionary, guiding Milligan University to unprecedented levels of achievement.
Under his leadership, the university has received recognition as one of the Best Regional Universities and Best Values in the South.
In 2020, Dr. Greer helmed the impressive modernization and expansion of 25 additional academic programs, elevating Milligan's status from a college to a university.
Dr. Greer's presidency is highlighted by a series of significant accomplishments, including record enrollment, giving, and endowment growth.
He presided over the integration of Emmanuel Christian Seminary, the establishment of Milligan Village, and the growth of multiple academic and athletic facilities.
His efforts have significantly increased the university's footprint to 355 acres and brought numerous national recognitions to Milligan.
Additionally, Dr. Greer's focus on Milligan's mission as a premier, Christian liberal arts institution has resulted in the education and support of thousands of students, overseeing nearly 4,000 graduates under his tenure.
Furthermore, his leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic exemplified compassion and resilience, guiding the university through unprecedented challenges.