Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the unique contributions made in our community by one of my constituents, Karen Epting.
Ms. Epting's leadership at the YMCA of the Suncoast-- James P Gill's Family Branch goes beyond mere titles; it's rooted in her genuine passion for making a difference in the Pasco community.
As Chair of the YMCA Branch Advisory Council for many years, she provided strategic guidance and rolled up her sleeves to actively participate in the branch's many initiatives and events.
Her role as Campaign Chair for the YMCA's fundraising efforts in Pasco County underscores her ability to rally support and resources for vital programs and services.
Her dedication ensures that the YMCA can continue its mission of serving the community effectively.
Karen's continued involvement in the YMCA's partnership with Feeding Tampa Bay reflects her compassionate response to urgent community needs.
Karen helps oversee the distribution of food to over 130 families every two weeks.
In this capacity she not only addresses immediate hunger but also fosters a sense of belonging and support within the community.
Coordinating a team of 30 volunteers is no small feat, yet Karen does so gracefully and efficiently.
She assists in recruiting and training volunteers and fosters a sense of camaraderie and purpose among them.
Her hands-on approach during food pick-ups, where she personally welcomes each family and assists with intake procedures, demonstrates her commitment to serving others with dignity and respect.
Karen's advocacy for youth literacy is also a testament to her belief in the power of education to transform lives.
By leading volunteer efforts for youth reading programs, she promotes literacy and instills a love for learning in young minds, empowering them to reach their full potential.
During the holidays, Karen's leadership shines brightly as she volunteers many hours to the YMCA's Seasons of Giving and Giving Tree programs, encouraging community members to spread joy and generosity by purchasing gifts for children in need.
Her ability to inspire others to give back underscores her exceptional leadership and ability to mobilize resources for the greater good.
Despite her preference for working behind the scenes, Karen's impact reverberates throughout the YMCA and the community at large.
Her selfless dedication and unwavering passion serve as a beacon of hope and inspiration, inspiring others to follow in her footsteps and make a positive difference in the world.
It is clear that 
Ms. Epting has made a profoundly positive impact on our community, and I am grateful for her service.