Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Saline Fiddlers Philharmonic, a premier youth fiddling show band from Saline, Michigan, on their 30th anniversary.
Comprised of students from Saline High School the fiddlers present an energetic and polished show that features a diverse range of music from American folk, fiddle, bluegrass, jazz, western swing, and Celtic traditions.
Their 30 years of unforgettable performances are remarkable, and their commitment and skill are worthy of commendation.
The Fiddlers began in 1994 with the simple idea of introducing an alternative style of musical education to public school students to maintain and expand their interest in musical performance.
Since 1994, these remarkable students have set the standard for extracurricular music programs in the United States and have become a model for instruction and motivation that other schools across the nation have added to their own programs.
With over 1,500 performances in the majority of the states in our nation, the Fiddlers have a storied history that includes three performances at the White House, two performances on the Millennium Stage at the Kennedy Center, and a performance at the State of Michigan's Presidential Inaugural Ball.
The Fiddlers have also traveled to Canada and Europe for performances and have made multiple trips to Saline's sister cities of Brecon, Wales and Lindenberg, Germany.
Each year, the group performs 50-60 times, with around a third of their annual schedule being donated to community service events.
I still fondly remember their performance at the Saline Celtic Festival this past summer.
Working alongside the artistic team, the Saline Fiddlers help plan each aspect of their shows by crafting arrangements and making diverse organizational decisions that helps teach the students collaborative ownership while giving students the opportunity to explore their creativity and showcase their enthusiasm throughout the show making process.
These accomplished members of the Fiddlers are selected through competitive auditions that assess their musical talent and personal maturity.
They balance academics, school organizations, jobs, and other extracurricular activities.
Teaching students not just about music but about maintaining a balanced schedule and workload is a true testament to how the Saline Fiddlers Philharmonic has helped 30 years