May I associate myself and my party with the tributes to David Amess?
On behalf of my party, may I also pay tribute to Ming  Campbell, who is being laid to rest today?
That is the reason why my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  cannot be here.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, the Prime Minister and other Members of this House for the very kind tributes paid yesterday.
We welcome the new level of transparency from the Prime Minister, and we will scrutinise the witness statements closely, but it is clear that there are still many questions to be answered, including questions from Hongkongers.
Hongkongers in St Albans and across the UK settled in our communities after they fled repression at the hands of the Chinese state, but they now see a British Government who want to make it harder for them to settle here permanently, refuse to impose targeted sanctions on Chinese officials who put bounties on Hongkongers’ heads, refuse to rule out a Chinese super-embassy and are failing to tackle Chinese espionage.
Hongkongers are starting to ask whether the Prime Minister is trading away their security and safety in our communities for a cosier relationship with Beijing.
What is the Prime Minister’s answer to them?
The answer is no.
We have given and will continue to give support to Hongkongers, who need and deserve that support.
The hon.
Lady will be assured that the Jimmy Lai case is raised regularly at every opportunity by my Ministers and by me.
I think Hongkongers will require a lot more reassurance and action from this Government.
It is not just the Chinese Government who are a threat to our country.
On Monday, the far-right, racist hate-preacher Tommy Robinson, who is on trial for allegedly refusing to comply with counter-terror police, claimed that his legal costs are being paid by Elon Musk.
It is outrageous that a man who has so much control over what people read online every day could be funding someone who stokes far-right extremism on our streets.
If it was Putin, the Government would surely act.
Will the Prime Minister commission the security services to assess the threat that Elon Musk poses to our democracy, and to recommend measures that this House can take to stop that?
We look across the board at threats to our democracy, and must continue to do so.
I will not comment on the particular case, given the state of legal proceedings.
Next year marks the 75th anniversary of the battle of the Imjin river, where the 29th Infantry Brigade’s last stand prevented the capture of Seoul during the Korean war.
That hill is now called Gloster Hill as a proud testament to the incredible bravery of one of those battalions, our glorious Glosters.
Will the Prime Minister join me in calling for a commemoration of the glorious Glosters, and all those who fought to defend democracy, liberty and freedom in South Korea?
I join my hon.
Friend in marking the heroism and sacrifice of the 29th Infantry Brigade, which is an enduring example of the bravery of all our armed forces.
I know that Defence Ministers would be happy to discuss commemorating their courage.
Our debt to the armed forces underlies our commitment to  veterans, which includes delivering homes for heroes and a new network of veteran support centres, backed with £50 million.
Ahead of his party conference, the Prime Minister told the BBC that he was not sure whether he would campaign in Caerphilly for the by-election on  23 October .
This is an important by-election in Wales, but with just over a week to go, the Prime Minister has not shown his face there yet.
What is the problem?
Is it his party’s decision to close 10 libraries in the community?
Is it cuts to disability support?
Or is it perhaps the fact that even the council leader resigned from the Labour party and is calling on people to support Plaid Cymru?
The right hon.
Lady leaves out of her count that we provided £21 billion—the largest ever settlement for Wales—and what did she do?
She voted against it, if you can believe it.
While we are on the question of money, I noticed that this week, the right hon.
Lady accepted figures showing that independence would cost every Welsh person £7,000.
Her party should be honest about the cost of their policies to the people of Wales.
For the past year, I have been campaigning for a new special educational needs and disabilities school to open at the Osprey Quay site on Portland.
There are far too few specialist school places for children with SEND in my part of the world, so local families urgently need to see that school open its doors.
A new school there would provide around 70 new places for local children.
Given the urgent need to finally get this school up and running, will the Prime Minister commit to working with the Department for Education and Dorset council to ensure that a SEND school opens on Portland without further delay?