The Prime Minister has now twice directly contradicted the words of his Security Minister.
They cannot both be right.
The Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee could not get any answers from the Security Minister.
The CPS said that it was satisfied that the decision to charge the case in April 2024—not August—was correct on the basis of where the law stood at that time.
This is a matter of fact, not a matter of what the previous Government had thought, or of the case not meeting a legal test—it did.
Something must have changed when the charges were brought and when the case collapsed.
The charges were brought under the Conservatives and collapsed under Labour.
Will the Prime Minister tell us what changed, and what collapsed the case?
I have said that I will publish the witness statements in full.
The whole House will then see exactly what was set out in 2023 in the substantive witness statements, and exactly what was set out in the two supplementary witness statements.
The right hon.
Lady will then realise that what she has just said is entirely baseless.
The CPS has said in the clearest terms that this prosecution was dropped because this Government did not provide the statements it expected.
Why should we believe a man who at the last Prime Minister’s questions said that he had full confidence in the best friend of a convicted paedophile?
Forgive us if we do not trust a word he says.
This all stinks of a cover up.
Given his statement earlier, will the Prime Minister publish today not just the Government witness statements, but also the meeting minutes, and all the correspondence that he had with the CPS?
Let me be clear: the only process I want to go through is in relation to some of the individuals in the statements to make sure that they know that this is coming up.
I can assure the House that there is no substantive delay here.
rose— I know this is of acute concern to a number of people.
I will have the statements out in full.
There is a bit of proper process that I need to go through— the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  will understand why that is necessary—and then they will be published in full.
The right hon.
Lady asks about minutes etc.
There are the usual rules and process for Government.
I remind her that the substantive issues in this case were discussed at meetings under the previous Government, so the Opposition are asking me to disclose the discussions that they had in relation to the witness statements in the first place.
Mr Speaker, you deserve better, and this House deserves better, than the evasive answers that we have had from the Prime Minister.
Even the former Cabinet Secretary Lord Butler has accused the Government of being “economical with the truth” on this issue.
The Prime Minister cannot tell us why Jonathan Powell had a secret meeting, when the Security Minister said he had no involvement the case.
He cannot tell us why his Government did not provide evidence that China was a threat, and I suspect that the statements will not prove that either.
He is blaming his civil servants, the media and the last Government.
He cannot explain why he could not see this case through.
He should have seen this case through.
Let me be clear about what has happened: a serious case involving national security has collapsed because this Government are too weak to stand up to China.
If the Prime Minister cannot protect the Members of this House, what does that say about his ability to protect this country?
The case did not proceed because the policy of the past Government did not meet the test that was necessary.
That is the long and the short of it.
Far from evading, I have said that I will disclose the full witness statements, and set out exactly what was in them, and exactly what the subsequent statements say.
The allegation that somehow they were changed—that the first and second statements are different—is completely and utterly unfounded.
This is a pathetic spectacle.
Instead of taking responsibility for the fact that they failed to update the law—the review into the legislation was in 2015—the Conservatives took eight years to change the law.
Had they done that more quickly, this case would have proceeded.
It was their failure, and they are just slinging mud.
Meanwhile, we are getting on with renewing our country, planning reforms to get Britain building again, online hospitals for waiting lists, and new opportunities for young people.
Labour is building a better future; the Conservatives cannot even come to terms with their past.
Derby is a city on the up, but unfortunately this last year we have been devastated by knife crime.
Nasty Tory austerity decimated frontline policing, and we are now paying the price for that.
At my regular city centre safety summits, the message is clear: to turn the page, we need action, not words.
Can the Prime Minister update my constituents on the action that this Government are taking to ensure that all our residents, visitors and workers can enjoy our city centre safely?
My hon.
Friend will have heard at our conference from Pooja Kanda, who I have met a number of times.
Her son Ronan was fatally stabbed.
Iusb am proud that we have delivered Ronan’s law to tackle the sale of ninja swords; we have also banned zombie knives and strengthened controls for online knife sales.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work in setting up the city safety summits.