This morning, unusually, I congratulate the Government on having admitted a terrible mistake.
Earlier this year, we on this side of the House voted against Labour’s draft remedial order, which would have allowed Gerry Adams to sue the taxpayer, so we welcome the fact that Labour amended that order yesterday.
But the question remains: why did it ever bring forward such a ridiculous policy in the first place?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will not only offer congratulations but continue these discussions about legacy matters in that spirit.
When I say I am prepared to listen, I mean it.
I would just point out to him that the problem arose because of the Supreme Court judgment, as he is well aware, and that for just over two years, the last Government could not find a solution.
The one that was put in place did not work because it was found to be incompatible.
I have reflected on the point that was made in representations, and this decision will ensure that there is no gap, as it has been referred to.
We have found a mechanism that we believe will achieve what sections 46 and 47 failed to do.
I invite the Secretary of State to look at his own legislation, because clauses 89 and 90 are markedly similar to the sections that we left him.
We on this side of the House may have won the battle over this, but we still have not won the war to protect our veterans from vexatious complaints.
Is it not the truth that if it had not been for months of campaigning by the Conservatives, the shadow Defence team, the media and reports from Policy Exchange, which may now have saved the taxpayer hundreds of millions of pounds, Labour would have stuck to its plan and allowed Mr Adams and his comrades to sue anyway?
I indicated to the House some months ago that we were determined to find a means of dealing with the Supreme Court judgment in 2020 on the subject of the Carltona principle.
That is what our proposed legislation will seek to remedy.
We think it is a better formulation than sections 46 and 47, and I look forward to the hon.
Gentleman’s support in passing it.
What steps he is taking to maintain Northern Ireland’s place in the UK internal market.
The Government are committed to safeguarding Northern Ireland’s place in the UK internal market and to implementing the Windsor framework in good faith.
The internal market scheme enables traders to move goods from Great Britain into Northern Ireland tariff-free and, since May, with significantly reduced paperwork and checks.
It is a disgrace that the “Safeguarding the Union” provisions severely restrict trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, binding the Province to 300 areas of EU law over which the people have no say.
Will the Secretary of State take steps to remove what is left of this damaging international trade border within our own nation and restore the birthright of the people of Northern Ireland as equal citizens of this United Kingdom?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman and those who advocated that we should leave the European Union: this is the consequence of it.
There was an open border and two different jurisdictions—how were we going to deal with trade in those circumstances?
Secondly, the goods are flowing; the goods are moving.
Look at  the evidence: the Northern Ireland economy in the second quarter grew by 2%.
That is not indicative of a problem.