Jhoots pharmacy moved into the village of Knott End in 2023, and it was not long before constituents were getting in touch with me to explain that they could not access their prescriptions because pharmacies were closed and unreliable.
We do have the very good Over Wyre medical centre, which has dispensing rights, but it is restrained by the one-mile rule, which means that it cannot dispense prescriptions within one mile of a pharmacy, whether that is open or closed.
I feel like we are in a Catch-22 situation.
What help can the Minister give my constituents to ensure that those who are within one mile of the Jhoots pharmacy that is never open can access their prescriptions from the dispensing Over Wyre medical centre?
My hon.
Friend rightly puts her finger on the Catch-22 situation in which we find ourselves.
It is patently absurd that a pharmacy that is not operating, as she just described, is blocking the ability of others to step in and fill the gap.
That is something we have to resolve, and it is part of the work I have commissioned urgently.
We clearly have gaps in the regulatory framework.
This is an unprecedented situation, and we are working at pace to address it, but she has rightly put her finger on this Catch-22, which needs to be resolved.
We need to move one piece out of the way so that we can deal with the situation.
The way Jhoots is treating its workforce, the community and suppliers is frankly appalling.
It is failing communities who desperately rely on it.
The Government are planning to introduce a health Bill at some point in the coming months that will see the abolition of NHS England.
Can the Minister update the House on when the Bill will come forward and what provision it will contain to strengthen accountability for the delivery of community pharmacy?
I know that my colleague the Minister of State for Health is working hard on the drafting process for the Bill.
I cannot give the hon.
Member the exact date of its introduction, but I would be very happy to write to him with confirmation of the expected introduction date.
I am pleased that this urgent question has been secured, because I have written to the Minister about this company.
I am also grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Somerset (Sadik Al-Hassan) , who has given me advice in the matter.
I am pleased that the Government are taking regulatory action in respect of the quality, safety and availability of the service, but I was horrified to hear that several of my constituents working for this company have gone unpaid for several weeks.
Please could the Minister reach out to the relevant Minister within the Department for Business and Trade to see what else we can do for those people, because it is simply not right that they are out of pocket?
That is an excellent suggestion; I will do that.
We are hearing colleague after colleague say that staff are not being paid, and if there is clear evidence of a breach of employment law, we absolutely need to look at that.
I will follow up on my hon.
Friend’s suggestion.
We have heard again this afternoon the line from the Minister that pharmacy staff are employed not by the NHS but by pharmacy businesses, and that this is just a dispute between staff and the pharmacy business that should be raised in the first instance with ACAS.
Holli Froggatt from Sidmouth, a former member of Jhoots staff, has written to me to say that staff have emailed Jhoots begging for their wages as they have empty bank accounts.
In normal circumstances, the Government like to lean on pharmacies to take the pressure off GPs, with such schemes as Pharmacy First, so how can the Minister simply wash his hands of this situation when staff have gone for three months without pay?
I do not think that is an accurate characterisation of what I am saying.
I am saying that we are taking action against Jhoots from the regulatory point of view, and there is clearly a glaring issue with the payment of staff.
That needs to be taken forward through the industrial relations process, both through ACAS and the PDA.
We will give all the support we can to both those organisations to ensure that Jhoots is held to account.
My constituents in Sedbergh, a rural market town, have suffered greatly from the terrible pharmacy provision by  Jhoots.
Medicines have been unavailable, the pharmacy has often been closed, and staff and locum pharmacists are going unpaid, yet pay slips are being issued, so it is very hard for them to claim benefits.
I have written to the Minister and met with the integrated care board.
Doctors and neighbouring pharmacists—I say neighbouring, but this is in Westmorland, which is a 40-minute drive away—have stepped in to help, as has the parish council.
Can the Minister outline what action he is taking nationally to force Jhoots to provide a better service for my constituents?
We are actively working with integrated care boards, NHS England, the General Pharmaceutical Council and, indeed, trade unions to ensure that all of these issues are being taken forward and given the urgency that they require.
Sadly, as I have pointed out, the regulatory framework is not adequate.
It is very focused on pharmacists and pharmacy premises, and inadequately and insufficiently focused on business owners.
That is something that must be addressed as a matter of urgency, and we are working on it at pace.
The failure of Jhoots is putting unsustainable pressure on other pharmacies across my constituency, but talks have not even begun on pharmacy funding beyond March of next year.
Given the urgent situation with Jhoots, will the Minister review the timescale for those talks so that our pharmacies that are having to pick up this extra work can have some certainty about future funding?
This is absolutely urgent, as the hon.
Member rightly says.
I have commissioned officials to work on this matter at pace.
We can clearly see that this is a matter of national significance simply by the number of colleagues in the Chamber.
I can give the hon.
Member that assurance, and I would be happy to update him once I have a better sense of the exact timeframe and deadlines.
We will be insisting that things happen as a matter of urgency.
Over the recess I met the Singh family, who run two pharmacies in my constituency.
The family were clear that, despite improved funding, they are still struggling with overly complex funding formulas, delayed payments, high energy prices and drug shortages, among other challenges.
However, the positive initiatives of Pharmacy First and the independent prescribing pathfinder programme offer a ray of hope.
Will the Minister commit to continuing to invest time and energy in expanding those programmes and meet my pharmacies from Rushcliffe to discuss them further?
We remain absolutely committed to the independent prescribing service and are working on the plans and strategy to make that a reality.
We continue to support Pharmacy First, but sadly take-up of it has not been as good as we would have liked it to be.
The way it was structured and incentivised has not enabled it to realise its full potential, and we are working on that as well.
A number of errors were made by the previous Government, who did not set Pharmacy First up to succeed to the extent that it should have done.
Jhoots Pharmacy has revealed the severe financial strain facing community pharmacies.
The towns of Glastonbury and Bruton are home to fantastic independent pharmacies, continuing to serve their communities despite more than half of pharmacy owners losing money last year.
How will the Government ensure that the regulatory framework is robust so that community pharmacy services in rural areas can remain resilient and accessible?
The hon.
Member is right: this is about making the regulatory framework more robust.
As I have pointed out, it is robust on pharmacists, on technicians and on pharmacy premises, but it is simply not strong enough when it comes to pharmacy business owners.
The unprecedented case of Jhoots is throwing that into sharp relief.
That is what we are working on at pace.
I will be happy to update her once we have some clear progress on the plan and strategy to beef up the regulatory framework to ensure that this kind of thing can never happen again.
Last week I met staff from Jhoots Pharmacy in Thorley and was shocked when they told me that they had been unpaid for months but were still working.
Some were struggling with their mortgages or unable to afford food for their children’s school lunches.
Their concern was for their residents, many of whom are elderly and vulnerable, who have been left without essential medication because of stock issues and unexpected closures.
They are good, decent people who want to provide a community service for our residents.
Will the Minister assure my constituents directly that the Department will look at all possible options and work across Government where relevant to address the situation that allowed this to become a problem and the specific situation affecting my constituents now?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s constituents, who are clearly going through an extremely difficult and challenging time.
I strongly recommend that they contact ACAS and the PDA, or another trade union if they happen to be a member of one.
His key point is about how we can ensure that this does not happen again.
The GPhC is taking enforcement action against individual pharmacies and we have to wait for the outcome of those actions—some of those are going through appeal processes.
As soon as one of those actions has concluded, that will greatly facilitate and catalyse the process for going after any pharmacy that is not delivering to the service standards that we would expect.
Staff and patients at Jhoots Pharmacy in South Wootton in North West Norfolk have been let down, going months without pay or stock, and with no communication from management.
The pharmacist left after non-payment.
When I raised those issues with the company, it simply refused to respond.
The Minister has referred to future regulatory changes, but given that the pattern is repeated across the country, what urgent steps is he taking to work with ICBs collectively to ensure that staff get the money they are owed and that commissioned services are delivered?
Will he not rule out taking action against individual directors?