Further to the Secretary of State’s comments on the adequacy of the legacy and reconciliation Act, I would like to turn to the role of the European convention on human rights.
As he will be aware, the Leader of the Opposition seems more interested in the views of the Member for Mar-a-Lago and Moscow than the vision of her predecessor Winston Churchill and is now calling for withdrawal from the ECHR.
May I therefore ask the Secretary of State what assessment his Department has made as to the effect that ceasing to be a signatory of the convention would have on the Good Friday agreement, the Windsor protocol, the new legacy framework and Northern Ireland’s institutions in general?
The Government are absolutely committed to the European convention on human rights.
I very much regret that the current Opposition have moved away from that historic support, which goes right back to Winston Churchill, as the hon.
Member has set out.
It is highly irresponsible to suggest picking away at one of the essential foundations of the Good Friday agreement.
Yesterday, in an atypical fit of pique, the Secretary of State failed to answer my question as to whether the Attorney General, Lord Hermer, had been excluded from the legislation or had personally recused himself.
So today I have an easier question.
Given that the Secretary of State yesterday highlighted the protections for veterans in this legislation, could he tell the House which page, which clause or which line uses the word “veteran”?
The clauses that would implement the protections in relation to veterans and others are clauses 30, 31, 36, 51, 54, 56, 69 and 84.
Hear, hear!
Labour Members may cheer, but not one of those clauses refers to veterans.
Those are not protections for veterans; they are protections for everyone—paragraph 20 of the explanatory notes shows that what I am saying is true—and many of them are already available in the criminal justice system.
It is a mirage.
To be collegiate, the Secretary of State has spent many years criticising the legacy Act of 2023 and previous efforts on the basis that they commanded no political support whatsoever across the parties of Northern Ireland.
If there is agreement across Northern Ireland’s Members of Parliament on amendments during the passage of his legislation, will he agree to those amendments?
The right hon.
Gentleman invites me to speculate on amendments that I have not yet seen.
As I indicated to the House yesterday, I want to work in as collegiate a way as possible in trying to take the legislation through.
In respect to the first part of his question, however, I would say that the only reason the protections and clauses I just read out are in the Bill is because of the Government’s determination to treat our veterans fairly.
What steps he is taking to ensure that Intertrade UK operates independently and transparently.
As part of “Safeguarding the Union”, Intertrade UK was established to advise on and promote trade and investment across the UK.
The terms of reference and work programme were published on gov.uk.
The NIO provides secretariat support, but Intertrade UK is free to submit advice and recommendations to the Government as it sees fit.
What indicators is the Secretary of State using to measure growth in trade within the UK internal market?
Will he commit to publicising an independent assessment of the barriers that the Northern Ireland protocol is having on trade within the UK and Northern Ireland, which I believe affects the ability of Intertrade UK to fully promote trade within the UK and operate independently?
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, a range of organisations, including Intertrade UK, are looking at the impact of the Windsor framework.
We have recently had Lord Murphy’s report, for example, which the Government are committed to publishing.
The House of Lords Northern Ireland Affairs Committee published a report on the same subject only this morning.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one of the major deterrents to investment and growth in Northern Ireland is the absence, 20 months after the restoration of Stormont, of a published investment strategy from the Executive with any sort of a road map for investors or businesses on the infrastructure, roads and housing developments that the Executive will invest in?
Does he agree that, in the absence of that strategy, we are flying blind in investment terms?
Has he had any discussions with the Executive about that?
Like my hon.
Friend, I look forward to seeing the investment strategy published.
Northern Ireland has a great opportunity under the Windsor framework because of the dual market access, which no other part of the United Kingdom has.
For those looking to invest to trade with both the UK and the European Union, there is no better place to come and do that but Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the defence industrial strategy on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the defence industrial strategy on Northern Ireland.
In this role, I am committed to supporting all people across Northern Ireland.
From its businesses to its community groups, there is much to champion.
I will do all that I can to build on the excellent work of my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) .
The defence industrial strategy is great news for Northern Ireland.
We are committed to economic growth that people can feel in their pocket, and the £250 million allocated to five defence growth deals, including one in Northern Ireland, will see its booming defence sector thrive.
Airbus, which manufactures satellites in my Stevenage constituency, will soon integrate the civil aircraft wing business at the historical Shorts site in Belfast, close to where Thales tests its satellites and produces vital missiles for Ukraine.
Will the Minister work with colleagues across Government and the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that the defence industrial strategy is complemented by the industrial strategy’s advanced manufacturing sector plan so as to maximise skills, innovation and growth?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the rich expertise in Northern Ireland’s defence sector, which brings benefits right across the UK, including to Stevenage.
I assure him that the Secretary of State and I will work across Government and with the Executive to ensure a joined-up approach that benefits Northern Ireland.
I am incredibly proud of our naval engineering history in the Black Country, including at companies such as Somers Forge in Halesowen and Brooks Forgings in Cradley Heath.
I am delighted that this Labour Government are increasing defence spending to levels never seen under the previous Government.
Does the Minister agree that that investment in Northern Ireland, at places such as Harland & Wolff, will not just benefit the local economy there but the supply chain all across the country?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I warmly welcome this investment
and I know he is rightly proud of the defence expertise in his constituency.
Backed by this Labour Government increasing defence spending to 2.5%, Harland & Wolff is building the next generation of support ships for our Royal Navy.
We are safeguarding jobs, skills and our future security.