Those on family farms in North Yorkshire and across the UK are increasingly worried about the tax changes coming up next year.
We really need the next generation of family farms to keep farming for our national food security.
The Centre for the Analysis of Taxation has produced an excellent, detailed academic report proposing a number of compromise amendments and changes that would both deliver for the Government and protect the family farm.
I realise that the Prime Minister cannot comment on the Budget, but will he and the Chancellor look at that report as they prepare for the end-of-November Budget?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that food security is national security.
I believe that our reforms strike the right balance, enabling investment in the public services that rural communities rely on.
I thank him for drawing my attention to that report; he is right to do so.
What really matters is increasing the year-on-year profitability of our farmers, which is why the former president of the National Farmers Union is leading a review of farm profitability for us.
We are also delivering a 25-year farming road map and boosting export opportunities through the EU and US trade deals.
That is backed by the £11.8 billion in the Budget for farming.
As many Members know, I am currently being treated for stage 2C skin cancer.
I am responding well, but only because it was caught early and because I have had the very best of NHS care.
Not everyone is so fortunate.
Zoe Panayi, a 26-year-old from the Isle of Wight, was told that her mole was harmless.
She had it removed privately, but it proved to be malignant.
She tragically died in 2020.
Her family—Charlie and Eileen are in the Gallery today—have shown extraordinary courage, working with my hon.
Friend the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley) and me to campaign for Zoe’s law: compulsory testing of all removed moles.
Will the Prime Minister meet us, and Zoe’s family, to discuss how we can make this a reality?
On behalf of the House, I wish my hon.
Friend the very best for his recovery.
I know that this is a deeply personal campaign for him—a campaign that is also supported by our hon.
Friend the Member for Isle of Wight West.
May I send my deepest sympathies, and pay tribute to, Zoe’s family, who are with us today?
Their bravery is staggering, and I share their determination to improve cancer survival rates.
That is why we are investing billions to see earlier diagnosis and faster treatment of cancer, and are developing a national cancer plan.
Of course, we will get a meeting set up, and if the family are available and it is convenient —I do not know whether it is—I will ask the Health Minister to meet them later today, or, if that is not convenient, at the earliest possible opportunity, so that they can have that discussion.
Business confidence has fallen for five consecutive quarters, and the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has said that there are significant concerns in the housing market.
The Prime Minister could inject some confidence back into the economy, he could help working families to get on to the housing ladder, and he could even simplify the tax affairs of his Cabinet if he adopted the policy advocated by the Leader of the Opposition of scrapping stamp duty on residential properties.
Will he at least give a commitment not to raise property taxes in his nightmare-before-Christmas Budget?
We will certainly not be following the Leader of the Opposition.
She unveiled what she called her “golden economic rule”, I think it was, which involves £47 billion of spending cuts—that is a fifth of the NHS budget—with not a shred of detail about where the money would come from.
The Institute for Government said that it was based on “shaky foundations”.
More unfunded tax cuts, and more austerity for public services: the Conservatives have not listened, and they have not learnt.
Between 2021 and 2023, 41 mental health patients in the care of the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust lost their lives.
That led to a damning report from NHS England and calls from my constituents for a public inquiry.
This is not just historic; my surgeries are still filled with harrowing stories of failure.
Will the Prime Minister join my calls for that public inquiry, to get to the bottom of what went wrong and to rebuild confidence with new, more appropriately sized local NHS mental health trusts that are fit to serve our constituents?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong advocate for his constituents on this issue.
The Health Secretary has met the families affected by these failures twice, I think, this year to hear their stories, and I want to make it clear that what happened to their loved ones is unacceptable.
The Health Secretary is currently considering the best way forward so that families get the answers that they deserve.
It is right that they receive any update first, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will provide that update as soon as we are able to do so.
Later this afternoon I will be launching a small business survey so that the 3,000 small and medium-sized enterprises in my constituency, which employ thousands of my constituents, can have their say about what is like to run a business under a Labour Government, and what their concerns are ahead of the Budget.
However, I want to give the Prime Minister the opportunity to provide a word of hope that I can share.
Will he tell my constituents that he has heard the pleas of SMEs and their fright about the Budget, that he will scrap business rates for hospitality and leisure as well as the family business and family farm taxes, and that his Government will commit themselves to no further tax rises for business?
Just a few months ago we published our small business strategy, which was based on what small businesses said to us.
I will make a copy available to the hon.
Lady so that she can give one to each of her constituents before they respond to the survey.
After  14 years of neglect, this Government are renewing the infrastructure of Britain—and for the benefit of the Leader of the Opposition, that is spelt B-R-I-T-A-I-N.
Nowhere is this renewal more clearly needed than at the A226 Galley Hill Road in Swanscombe in my constituency, which collapsed more than two years ago, and there is no fix in sight.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the announcement of the transport structures fund in the spending review shows that this Government are ending the Conservative decline and getting on with fixing broken roads like Galley Hill?
My hon.
Friend is right: the Conservative party let roads crumble after years of under-investment.
We are building infrastructure that working people rely on, with £1 billion to repair bridges, tunnels and flyovers across the country and £92 billion in major road and rail upgrades.
We are rebuilding Britain; the Conservatives cannot even spell it.
Much like the hon.
Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth), my constituents are served by the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys mental health trust.
They face travelling to York or Middlesbrough for local in-patient beds, with some people being sent as far afield as Glasgow or Southampton.
This is completely unacceptable, and we need a provision of local mental health in-patient beds.
I welcome the openness to an inquiry into TEWV, but my concern is that while that is going on, we need real action so that the continued failings do not see the loss of any other lives.
What steps will the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State take now to reassure our constituents and to rebuild trust in TEWV?
The hon.
Gentleman will have heard my response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth)  a moment ago; I say again that what happened to his constituents is unacceptable, and we will give the answer as soon as we can.
In the meantime, the hon.
Member asks what is happening.
We are getting on with recruiting 6,700 additional NHS mental health staff, we are building 85 new dedicated mental health emergency departments, and we have boosted NHS spending on mental health by almost £700 million.