Mr Speaker, thank you for marking four years since the terrible murder of Sir David Amess.
I know the whole House will want to join me in remembering our former colleague.
He is very much still in our hearts and minds.
The way he died reminds us that the security of Members and this Parliament is paramount, so it concerns us all that the case against two people spying on Members of this House has collapsed.
It is simply unbelievable.
Exactly as I expected, the Prime Minister had to be dragged out at the top of PMQs to give a statement that answers no questions.
[Laughter.]
I don’t know what they are laughing at; we are talking about the security of this Parliament.
He had to be dragged out only to repeat more obfuscation.
It is simply unbelievable that he is trying to say that the last Government did not classify China as a threat, so I will refresh his memory.
In 2021, the previous Government’s integrated review described China as “the biggest state-based threat to the UK’s economic security.”
In 2024, the then Minister for Security said from the Dispatch Box that China poses a threat.
But let us leave aside the Government.
In November 2022, the director general of MI5 classified China as a threat in his remarks.
How is it possible that the Government failed to provide the evidence that the CPS needed to prosecute?
The substantive evidence was provided in 2023 by the previous Government.
That is when the witness statement was submitted.
I am going to disclose it; Members will all be able to read it.
The substantive evidence was written, disclosed and submitted in 2023, under the previous Government.
I note that the Leader of the Opposition did not indicate whether Ministers were involved in that at the time.
The Leader of the Opposition questions what is in the refreshed reviews of 2021 and 2023.
Let me be clear: the then Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Sir James Cleverly) , who is sitting on the Opposition Front Bench, gave a speech at Mansion House one month after the arrests.
It was called “Our  position on China” and set out the Government’s policy.
He said in that speech that summing up China as a “threat” in “one word” would be “impossible, impractical and—most importantly—unwise.”
He was Foreign Secretary at the time.
It was not just the right hon.
Member for Braintree.
The Leader of the Opposition was Business Secretary at the time.
In September 2023—the relevant year—she said: “We certainly should not be describing China as a foe”.
It is worth looking up the word “foe” in the dictionary.
It does not end there.
In September 2024, she said: “I have shied away from calling China a threat”.
She is playing politics with national security.