The Prime Minister has not answered any questions.
On Monday, the Security Minister repeatedly told the House that Ministers did not take decisions and that it was the deputy National Security Adviser who had full freedom.
Are the Government seriously saying that only one man—the deputy National Security Adviser—had anything to do with this failure?
Is that Prime Minister seriously saying that the deputy did not discuss with the National Security Adviser, the Home Secretary or anyone in Downing Street?
Is the Prime Minister seriously saying that?
Yes, and let me explain why.
First, the case was charged under the last Government, according to the evidence submitted under that Government, who set out their policy position.
What was on issue in the trial is not the position of the current Government, but the position of the last Government.
They carefully avoided describing China as an enemy because that was their policy at the time.
As far as the position under this Government is concerned, no Minister or special adviser was involved.
I will double-check this—[Interruption.]
This is important.
After the charging decision, the prosecution were very careful about who would then see the witness evidence.
I will double-check exactly what instruction was taken, but I can be absolutely clear that no Minister was involved, no special adviser was involved in this.
I am as assured as I can be that the prosecution was saying that it would be the witnesses only who would be involved in short updates to the evidence that was submitted under the previous Government.
The end of the answer was different from the beginning of the answer.
What on earth is the point of us having a lawyer rather than a leader as the Prime Minister if he cannot even get the law right on a matter of national security?
He keeps going back to the CPS.
The CPS has said that it was satisfied that it was right to charge in August 2024.
The Sunday Times reported that Jonathan Powell, the Prime Minister’s National Security Adviser, convened a secret meeting to discuss the security consequences of the China spy trial.
Did that meeting happen, or is The Sunday Times making it up?
The right hon.
Lady is clearly not a lawyer or a leader.
The problem for her is that I do actually understand the law, and I know what has to be proven.
I have also looked at the evidence that was put in under the last Government in relation to this case.
There was a meeting in September; that did not involve the National Security Adviser discussing the evidence in any way.
One further point: the final statement in this case was submitted in August 2025.
There was no further submission of evidence, one way or the other, after any discussion in September.
This is a red herring—a completely scurrilous allegation made by the Leader of the Opposition.