My hon.
Friend captures the choice before us as a country: we can either give in to division or come together as a country and renew our country.
This is National Hate Crime Awareness Week, and in the past fortnight we have seen the horrific terror atrocity in Manchester and a despicable arson attack on the mosque in Peacehaven.
I want to be clear as Prime Minister: I am proud to lead and to serve this beautiful, tolerant and diverse country.
An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.
Calithea Studios in Mid Dunbartonshire is a prime example of a business doing everything the Government ask.
The owner of this beauty salon and her three employees each earn less than £30,000 a year, yet the business will pay the Government over £36,000 for the year in VAT, employer’s national insurance and pension contributions.
Does the Prime Minister think it is fair that the hard-working owner, who is providing jobs and training on the high street, contributes more to the Exchequer than she earns in a year?
Does he believe this encourages entrepreneurship, which is important for economic growth and local jobs?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have protected business rates bills from inflation and extended relief at 40%, with new, permanent lower rates set and introduced for retail, hospitality and leisure.
As part of our small business plan, we are providing £3 billion so that lenders can offer more loans to small businesses.
We are, of course, introducing the most significant package on late payments—a real issue for small businesses—and reforms that are bigger than any in the last 25 years.
Can the Prime Minister update the House on the Government’s elections Bill?
Does he agree that in the light of recent court cases and the conviction of Reform’s former leader in Wales, no party whose leaders take Russian bribes can be trusted to defend our democracy?
Labour is introducing an elections Bill to protect our democracy from foreign interference.
But look at Reform.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  and his deputy,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , worked alongside someone who took money to spread Putin’s propaganda.
Whatever their denials, they have serious questions to answer about what they knew, but that is the choice: Kremlin cronies sowing division or Labour patriots working for national renewal.
The lines that we have heard from the Government in recent days have been a conflation of fabricated stories trying to set up straw men and knock down things that have not been said.
The real question in this whole debate is whether or not the Director of Public Prosecutions charged legally and properly.
If they did, then the Official Secrets Act is valid, and all this talk about the National Security Act 2023, which I introduced, is completely irrelevant.
If they did not, why is he not charging his successor with abuse of power?
Well, we know the reality, Mr Speaker.
Although the Prime Minister has answered the question  about evidence, the real question is: what political direction did this Government give to their officials before they went to give evidence?
Absolutely none—absolutely none.
I will also tell the right hon.
Gentleman this: I was the chief prosecutor for five years, and I can say that in those five years, which included three years under the coalition Government, when we were taking difficult decisions on MPs’ expenses, not once—not once—was I subjected to political pressure of any sort from anyone.
That is the tradition in this country.
It is a proud tradition, and it is one I uphold as Prime Minister, just as I upheld it when I was Director of Public Prosecutions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In the statement that the Security Minister made earlier this week and then again in answer to a question today, I have been misquoted—and the misquote, I think, is significant.
It has been said that I, in a speech at Mansion House, said that describing China as a threat was “impossible, impractical and—most importantly—unwise.”
The quote was that describing China or our policy “in one word” was “impossible, impractical and—most importantly—unwise.”
In that speech, I went on to say of our policy: “First, we will strengthen our national security protections wherever Beijing’s actions pose a threat to our people or our prosperity.”
I finished by saying: “And when there are tensions with other objectives, we will always put our national security first.”
How can I get redress for this misquote, Mr Speaker?
The right hon.
Gentleman has put it on the record, and it is there now for all to see.
I will leave it at that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the adequacy of Jhoots as a pharmacy provider.
I congratulate the hon.
Member on securing this important urgent question.
Pharmacies play a vital role in our healthcare system.
They are at the heart of our high streets and are the cornerstone of communities up and down the country.
That is why this Government have given pharmacies a funding boost of almost £500 million this year, which is more than any other area of the NHS and the biggest uplift in years.
Indeed, we have provided a 19% uplift over the two-year period.
The vast majority of pharmacies provide excellent care to their patients, but unfortunately there are some that fall short of the standards we expect.
Sadly, the services provided by Jhoots are falling well below the mark.
Hon.
Members will know that several integrated care boards have been deploying contract management actions against Jhoots, initially in the form of breach notices.
Integrated care boards enforce the NHS terms of service on pharmacies for such things as their opening hours, and the General Pharmaceutical Council regulates pharmacy premises and pharmacy professionals.
Both ICBs and the General Pharmaceutical Council have powers to address problems in pharmacies and they are actively using those powers, including in relation to stores that are part of Jhoots.
I have written to the hon.
Gentleman about this case.
As he will understand, it is difficult for me to go into detail about one pharmacy chain, at least on the specifics of the measures we are taking, but I can tell him that where there are problems with access to medicines, ICBs are supporting affected patients in the short term, for example by allowing local dispensing doctors to provide dispensing services to those patients.
Where pharmacy stores regularly breach their terms of service, ICBs can give them notice that they are being removed from the pharmaceutical list.
This power applies to any and all pharmacies, including, of course, Jhoots, and means that pharmacies would no longer be able to provide NHS services.
Such notices can be appealed against, so it does take some time to work through the system.
I stress to hon.
Members that pharmacies are private businesses and must be responsible business owners.
We can regulate what pharmacies should and should not do as part of their NHS terms of service, but it is not possible to prevent pharmacies from, for example, not paying their staff.
In conclusion, if pharmacies breach their terms of service, for example by not being open when they should be or where there are patient safety concerns, we take action.
The General Pharmaceutical Council is taking regulatory action.
ICBs are taking regulatory action and are supporting patients with access to medicines where necessary.
This is aimed at improving pharmacies’ behaviour, but can ultimately lead to pharmacies being forced to close their business.
I have also asked my officials to explore whether we can strengthen the regulatory  framework to be able to deal more quickly with pharmacies that do not play by the rules.
My officials are working on that as a matter of urgency.
My office is also setting up a meeting with the hon.
Gentleman to discuss this matter further and I will keep the House updated in the usual way.
I would be grateful, Madam Deputy Speaker, if you could pass on my thanks to Mr Speaker for granting this urgent question.
I thank the Minister for his response.
The collapse of service provision in some places, the constant closures in others and the general governance at Jhoots pharmacy, which operates 150 branches across England, demands immediate ministerial intervention.
In West Dorset, Jhoots branches in Lyme Regis and Bridport have been closed for months, leaving thousands without access to essential medication and placing a huge strain on overstretched neighbouring pharmacies.
Jhoots staff have gone months without pay, despite payslips being issued, tax deductions made and pension contributions not deposited.
I have been contacted only this morning by staff who have not been paid for the third month.
Many are unable to buy food or pay rent.
They are relying on food banks and the amazing communities that have stepped up to support them.
There have been reports of staff recruited by Jhoots under skilled worker visas being left without income or resource.
I have also been made aware of deeply troubling reports of controlled drugs being removed without proper documentation or process, which if proven true may constitute a breach of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
I have raised my concerns with the General Pharmaceutical Council, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, the NHS Business Services Authority, the ICB and the Minister, whom I thank for his response.
I understand that processes must be followed, but this situation requires immediate action.
Jhoots staff are not being paid and people across the country do not have access to vital medicine.
Will the Minister please confirm what steps are being taken to ensure that all Jhoots staff are paid without delay?
What discussions have taken place with the NHS BSA, the General Pharmaceutical Council and other regulators about Jhoots’s business practices?
Finally, will the Government commit to urgently reviewing Jhoots’s suitability as an NHS pharmacy provider, outline what safeguards will be introduced to prevent this from happening again and review the pharmacy funding model?
I agree with everything the hon.
Gentleman has said.
It is completely and utterly unacceptable if a business such as Jhoots is not paying its staff.
If there are indeed these reports that controlled drugs are not being handled properly, I would strongly recommend that any mishandling of drugs be reported to the General Pharmaceutical Council, which regulates pharmacy professionals and premises, so that appropriate action can be taken.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the payment of staff.
Pharmacy staff are vital parts of the NHS part of what a pharmacy does.
Pharmacy staff provide vital services to our communities and should be paid according to their contracts; any failure to do so is completely unacceptable.
Of course, pharmacy staff are employed not by the NHS, but by the businesses they work for, so  any dispute between staff and a pharmacy business should be raised with the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service, ACAS.
I am also in touch with the Pharmacists’ Defence Association—the PDA—which is doing important work representing its members.
I will be meeting them soon as well.
Of course, we have responsibility for the NHS part of the work, but it is up to individual businesses to ensure that their employees are treated fairly.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly mentions the review of suitability to operate, and we are now looking at that across the board.
We are looking at the role of the General Pharmaceutical Council and what is taking place with ICBs taking contract action.
Where there is no sign of improvement and pharmacies continue to be in breach, the next escalation is to strike them off the pharmaceutical register, which takes some time, because certain pharmacies—I am not going to name names, but I am sure the hon.
Gentleman can imagine who—are trying every single thing they can to appeal, push back and stop the actions that we are seeking to take, which is elongating the process.
However, I want to be clear: if there is clear breach and action is not taken to remedy that breach, pharmacies will be struck off the pharmaceutical register.