The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 October.
As you have just said, Mr Speaker, today marks four years since the horrific murder of Sir David Amess.
Sir David was much loved across the House, kind and generous, and I know it was a huge loss to many Members opposite.
May he rest in peace.
As we remember Sir David and our friend Jo Cox, of course, I want to take this opportunity to condemn unequivocally the death threats made against  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
I know the whole House will welcome the justice that has been done.
Whatever our disagreements, we are all parliamentarians, and I will not stand for violence or threats against our democracy.
Mr Speaker, on that point, may I update the House on the China spy case?
I am deeply disappointed by the outcome.
We wanted to see prosecutions.
Mr Speaker, I know just how seriously, rightly, that you take these matters.
National security will always be the first priority of this Government, and we will always defend against espionage.
In recent weeks, baseless accusations have been put about by the party opposite.
Let me set out the facts.
The relevant period was when these offences took place.
That was under the Conservative Government between the years of 2021 and 2023.
That period was bookended by the integrated review of 2021—the beginning of the period—and the refresh of that review in 2023, setting out their policy.
These statements of Government policy were very carefully worded to not describe China as an enemy.
Instead—[Interruption.]
Mr Stuart, somebody who is on the Speaker’s panel, and who I have told once before, should know better.
Do not question my judgment.
I thought it was important that the Prime Minister tells the House first rather than somewhere else.
Please, this is very important to me and to the House.
I take it seriously, so I do not need any more side comments.
The review of ’21 and the refresh of ’23 were very carefully worded to not describe China as an enemy.
Instead, they stated that they would “increase…national security protections” where China poses “a threat” and that the then Government would “engage…with China” to “leave room” open for “constructive and predictable relations”.
The deputy National Security Adviser, Matt Collins, set out the then Government’s position in a substantive witness statement in 2023, which was subsequently supplemented by two further short statements.
The Cabinet Secretary assures me that the DNSA faithfully set out the policy of the then Tory Government.
I know at first hand that the DNSA is a civil servant of the utmost integrity, and those Opposition Members who worked with him, I am sure, would agree with that assessment.
Under this Government, no Minister or special adviser played any role in the provision of evidence.
I cannot say what the position was of the previous Government in relation to the involvement of Ministers or special advisers.
If the Leader of the Opposition knows the answer to that question, and I suspect that she does, I invite her to update the House.
Last night, the Crown Prosecution Service clarified that, in its view, the decision whether to publish the witness statements of the DNSA is for the Government.
I therefore carefully considered this question this morning, and after legal advice, I have decided to publish the witness statements.
Given the information contained, we will conduct a short process, but I want to make it clear that I intend to publish the witness statements in full.
To be clear, had the Conservatives been quicker in updating our legislation—a review that started in 2015—these individuals could have been prosecuted and we would not be where we are now.
I am happy to answer any questions on this.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Last week I visited Rayner, a world-leading provider of cataract solutions based in Worthing, a winner of this year’s King’s Award for Enterprise for innovation, and a fantastic employer of local apprentices.
I welcome the Government’s ambition to get two thirds of our young people into an apprenticeship, further education or university.
What will the Prime Minister do to ensure that every young person in East Worthing and Shoreham has the skills they need to thrive?
We want a country where young people are supported, where the quality of teaching is raised and where every skilled apprentice is valued and respected.
We have set a new target of two thirds of young people to be in an apprenticeship or university.
That will smash the glass ceiling and renew our country.
We have supported this with a record £3 billion budget for more apprenticeships, more technical colleges and guaranteed training, apprenticeships or work for all 18 to 21-year-olds.