Representative Roby's constituent Veterans' Advisory Committee, which allowed the Congresswoman to gain additional insights, perspectives, and ideas to drive her oversight and legislative agenda.
In July 2014, Mac landed his next role in Congress working for the Select Committee on Benghazi.
He was initially hired to serve as the Select Committee's Senior Counsel and then moved into the important role.
As an employee of the Select Committee, Mac analyzed thousands of pages of documents, communications, and other executive branch materials relating to the terrorist attacks in Benghazi.
Once his tenure with the Select Committee ended, Mac landed in the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer in 2016 and immediately began serving as the Director of the Wounded Warrior Program, now known as the Green & Gold Congressional Aide Program.
Over the past nine years, Mac's leadership, stewardship, and dedication have driven several significant enhancements to this outstanding program.
These efforts include modernizing several components of the program, updating the requirements for participation, broadening the scope to cover Gold Star Family Members and Active-Duty Military Spouses, expanding allocations assigned to Member, Committee, Leadership, and House Officer organizations, enhancing the orientation program and professional development offerings for the Aides, and launching the program's social media presence and dynamic website.
Mac's impact on the program is best seen in the lives and careers of the many Aides who came through during his tenure as Director.
From December 2016 to August 2025, 339 Aides completed the two-year assignment.
Of those, 37 percent of them continued their careers in Congress.
Additionally, nearly 80 percent of the Aides built on their experience by finding new roles in government, transitioning successfully to the private sector, or enrolling in college to further their education.
These achievements are a true reflection of Mac's leadership--underscoring not only the strength of the program, but also the lasting opportunities it provided to so many.
I would also like to recognize and thank Mac's family for their encouragement, love, and support, including his wife Helen Tolar--who was also a decorated House and Senate senior staff member--and their three children Walker, Mary Mac, and Oliver.