Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during his tenure of service as 
Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, Richard Buchan III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Morocco, John Giordano, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Namibia, Michel Issa, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic, Sean O'Neill, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand, Julie Stufft, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kazakhstan, Bill Bazzi, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Melinda Hildebrand, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Todd Wilcox, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Diplomatic Security), Riley Barnes, of Texas, to be Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Dan Negrea, of Connecticut, to be 
Representative of the United States United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as an Alternate 
Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, and William White, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, all of the Department.
S-116 9:50 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeffrey Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately followed by oversight hearings to examine the U.S. Army Corps.
SD-562 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nomination of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Graham, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, Ethan Klein, of New Jersey, to be an Associate Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, and Joyce Meyer, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs.
SR-253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reviewing recent events at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and implications for children's health.
SD-430 10:15 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
SD-G50 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration To hold hearings to examine missing unaccompanied alien children and criminal sponsors.
SD-226 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine conspiracy theories, antisemitism, and democratic decline.
2358C-RHOB 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act successes and opportunities at the Department of the Interior and the Indian Health Service.
SD-628 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine using the 504 program to build America's manufacturing future.
SR-428A 3 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 3:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine drug safety, supply chains, and the risk to aging Americans.
SH-216 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine strengthening services for veterans with spinal cord injury and disorder.
SD-106