Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and thank John McIntyre (Mac) Tolar for dedicating over three decades of service to our Nation's military, state, local, and federal governments, including the past thirteen years as an employee within the United States House After graduating from the University of South Carolina, Mac enlisted in the United States Marine Corps as an infantry officer in 1987.
Mac remained on active duty for eight years and continued his reserve duty through 2012.
During his distinguished military career Mac was also a Reconnaissance Officer and deployed to the Middle East in support of Operation Desert Shield, Desert Storm, and in support of the Global War on Terror.
Mac was decorated with four awards for exceptional individual service and received numerous awards from his unit.
While on reserve duty, Mac earned his law degree from the University of South Carolina in 2001 and completed his military career as a Judge Advocate.
After earning his law degree, Mac embarked on a career in local government.
From November 2001 to February 2003, Mac served as an Assistant Solicitor for the 15th Circuit in Conway, South Carolina, where he was responsible for prosecuting misdemeanor offenses and General Session transfer cases.
Mac showed tremendous initiative in this role by developing and implementing a successful DUI curriculum for local law enforcement personnel.
This training program was so successful that it was later expanded to the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy and the Commission on Prosecution Coordination.
Mac continued his career in South Carolina serving as the in-house Counsel for the Georgetown County government.
In this role, Mac was responsible for drafting, reviewing, and approving legal documents, including deeds, contracts, leases, dedication instruments, financing documents, resolutions and ordinances.
These wide-ranging responsibilities afforded Mac the opportunity to provide expert legal representation to several county offices, boards, commissions, and employees.
After a four-year tour in private practice, Mac joined the office of United States 
Representative Martha Roby as her Military Legislative Counsel.
Mac's military and legal background perfectly positioned him for his role in the office.
His primary responsibilities included serving as the Congresswoman's Veterans affairs, national security, and foreign policy advisor.
Mac was instrumental in creating and managing