Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Communications Director, Samantha Snuggerud Anderson, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
In September, Sam was appointed as Communications Director for the Minnesota Department of Education under the transformational leadership of Governor Tim Walz, and I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
A Minnesota native, Sam graduated from Minnetonka High School before attending Northeastern University in Boston where she earned a bachelor's degree in political science.
Sam has been an essential member of my leadership team since the very beginning, and like me, came to this work with a background in marketing and a belief in the politics of improving people's lives.
Spanning impeachments, pandemic, and unrest, the 116th, 117th, and 118th Congresses were historic by any measure.
Just when we thought we had cleared the most unprecedented news cycle of our careers, another would rise, and I leaned on Sam's counsel to navigate each.
She is a one-of-a-kind professional whose sound judgement, smart instincts, reliable execution, and strategic thinking have been critically important to the success of this team.
We could always count on Sam's calm confidence and level perspective to ground us, but also benefitted from her creative spirit and knack for innovation.
She is an architect and keeper of the Dean Team brand, instilling in our community a sense that representation begins with listening and a renewed faith in their government.
Preferring to work behind the scenes, Sam is quick to share kudos and credit, but her invisible hand left its mark in every aspect of our work.
She is a skilled manager who built and led a pioneering communications team by identifying potential, carving out space for creativity, and challenging herself and others to do their best.
When pitching a communications idea to Sam, her colleagues have learned to have a better strategy than, ``this is the way it has always been done!''
She has helped countless staffers grow into communications thinkers, coaching even the wonkiest members of our team on meeting-- and making--moments.
From Good Morning America to the Star Tribune, Sam has been there to help pitch, prep, and powder my nose for moments big and small.
Under her leadership, our communications team became a branding powerhouse, crafting powerful messages, landing big interviews, producing captivating content, building a mass communications program so strong I regularly receive thanks from constituents on the receiving end of unsolicited emails, and even going viral for a TikTok dance or two.
Sam did it all with an eye for authenticity and improvement, and each success became a new foundation on which to build.
Her work helped earn me a seat at the leadership table in 2022 when I was elected Co-Chair of the House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee (DPCC), and her reimagining of communications staffing and budgets has been recognized by the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) new Chiefs of Staff on modernizing their own communications teams, leadership that will surely leave this institution operating better than she found it for generations to come.