would become a stellar career spanning across four decades at Block & Company, Inc.
Realtors.
Starting at an entry level position as a Sales Associate in 1974, Gene was active in sales, leasing and development projects.
Through the years, his expertise in the industry grew as he oversaw the completion of various projects in retail, office, commercial, and investment projects.
As he continued to work his way up the ladder at Block & Company, Inc.
Realtors, Gene brought along his enthusiasm, knowledge and work ethic to create new approaches to real estate.
Most notable, Gene became a leader in the industry when he initiated the first new lifestyle center in the region, Zona Rosa, a mixed-use retail, office, and industrial complex in the Greater Kansas City area.
His experience was sought after and highly regarded among those in the industry.
Among his many achievements, Gene played an important role in relocating the St. Joseph Hospital, which later became the Linwood Shopping Center, revitalizing an inner-city area that was facing decline.
The finished project became a new and expanded retail development which led to the City of Kansas City to be designated in 1986 as an ``All American City'' by the Citizens Forum on Self Government/National Municipal League and USA Today.
Additionally, Gene worked as the Development Consultant for the Blue Parkway Town Center, a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Swope Parkway Health Center.
Though Gene has passed, his legacy and impact on Kansas City will remain long past our mortal lifetimes.
I am reminded of Mark 10:45-- ``For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.''
Gene's life was one dedicated to serving others and bettering the lives of countless people.
Gene is survived by his loving family, friends, and wife of 58 years, Pamela.
As we celebrate and remember the decades of devoted service from Gene, let us be inspired by his commitment to better his community.