Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, February 27, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

FEBRUARY 28

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine evolving workforce dynamics

and the challenges for defense acquisition and defense

industrial base personnel.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine reproductive health care.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Daniel B.

Maffei, of New York, and Rebecca F. Dye, of North

Carolina, both to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the opportunities and

challenges associated with developing geologic hydrogen

in the United States.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the Water Resources

Development Act, focusing on USACE water infrastructure

projects, programs and priorities.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine Tehran's shadow army,

focusing on addressing Iran's proxy network in the

Middle East.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the retirement crisis in

America, focusing on expanding defined benefit pension

plans for workers.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine preventing deaths of

incarcerated individuals in Federal prisons.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of

Agriculture.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine the nation's correctional

staffing crisis, focusing on assessing the toll on

correctional officers and incarcerated persons.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine traumatic brain injury and

blast exposure care.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine honoring America's veterans

and their families at VA cemeteries.
FEBRUARY 29

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine United States Strategic

Command and United States Space Command in review of

the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025

and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Ann Marie

McIff Allen, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Utah, Susan M. Bazis, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Ernest

Gonzalez, and Leon Schydlower, both to be a United

States District Judge for the Western District of

Texas, Kelly Harrison Rankin, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Wyoming, Robin

Michelle Meriweather, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the

United States Court of Federal Claims, Almo J. Carter,

of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of

the United States Parole Commission, and Joshua S.

Levy, to be United States Attorney for the District of

Massachusetts, Rebecca C. Lutzko, to be United States

Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Roy W.

Minter, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the

Southern District of Georgia, all of the Department of

Justice.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine empowering people with

disabilities to thrive in careers and the workplace.