in New Orleans,

Louisiana, as the ``Dr. Rudy Lombard Post Office'',

H.R. 2379, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 616 East Main Street

in St. Charles, Illinois, as the ``Veterans of the

Vietnam War Memorial Post Office'', H.R. 3944, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 120 West Church Street in Mount

Vernon, Georgia, as the ``Second Lieutenant Patrick

Palmer Calhoun Post Office'', and the nominations of

Adrienne Jennings Noti, Tanya Monique Jones Bosier,

Danny Lam Hoan Nguyen, Kenechukwu Onyemaechi Okocha,

Katherine E. Oler, Judith E. Pipe, and Charles J.

Willoughby, Jr., each to be an Associate Judge of the

Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the National Transportation

Safety Board Investigations Report.
Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United

States and multiple veterans service organizations:

PVA, WWP, NASDVA, MRC, BSF, IAVA, BVA, SWAN, SVA, and

AMVETS.
MARCH 7

10 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of Disabled American Veterans.
MARCH 13

10 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on

Veterans' Affairs to examine the legislative

presentation of The American Legion and multiple

veterans service organizations: JWV, TAPS, NCHV, MOAA,

NACVSO, NCAI, VVA, NGAUS, and FRA.
390-CHOB

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL BERNING

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to honor the

career of Michael Berning, a dedicated member of my community in

Dayton, Ohio, and a close personal friend.
Michael will retire this

month after 44 years of service at HEAPY, an engineering firm that has

its fingerprints all over Ohio and throughout the country.
Michael

started at HEAPY when he was still a Mechanical Engineering student at

the University of Dayton, but he will end his tenure as its Chief

Innovation Officer.
Michael was an early pioneer for the development of `green design'

and sustainable building practices, and his efforts culminated in 2015

when he was named a LEED Fellow.
This prestigious recognition is much-

deserved because of Michael's leadership in HEAPY's regional

sustainability conferences, assisting Montgomery County in establishing

the Dayton Regional Green Initiative, and for his contributions to

Environmental Design+Construction Magazine as both a writer and member

of the magazine's Editorial Advisory Board.
Outside of Michael's work, he has served his community through

multiple Boards, including Big Brothers Big Sisters, the Wright State

ARTSGala, and the U.S. Green Building Council Ohio Chapter.
Michael

served as chairman of the Montgomery County Republican Party in the

early 1980s, and he managed my first campaign for public office when I

ran for mayor of Dayton in 1993.
He put together a great team for my

election victory that year, in a predominantly Democratic city, and led

my successful reelection effort four years later.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Michael

Berning for his years of service to our community.
Although retirement

signals the end of his 44-year career with HEAPY, his legacy of success

and leadership certainly serves as a model for others to follow.
I

congratulate Michael and wish him all the best in a well-deserved

retirement, and look forward to many more years of continued

friendship.