I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR, TREY WEBSTER, FOR HIS EXCELLENT

WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative

Director, Raymond ``Trey'' Webster III, for his work done on behalf of

every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
This

week, Trey will depart my office for new opportunities with Rep. Susie

Lee as her Legislative Director, and I could not be prouder or more

grateful for his service.
As Legislative Director, Trey brought an incredible work ethic and

commitment to his job, earning his spot as an honorary Minnesotan in

the process.
He led our legislative team with intelligence, humor, and

compassion, and we will miss him greatly as he embarks on his new

adventure.
A University of South Carolina and Georgetown Law graduate, Trey

first came to our office in 2021 as my Legislative Counsel leading

efforts in public safety, civil rights, civil liberties, and democracy

preservation.
A shining example of Trey's brilliant work and true

adherence to our ethos that ``Representation Begins with Listening,''

came a few short months after he started.
Through a series of meetings,

Trey listened to local public safety stakeholders and national experts

and then turned that listening into action as he wrote the Pathways to

Policing Act, a bill based on a Minnesota program to ensure the

recruitment of high-quality police officers across the country.
When our Legislative Director role came open in 2022, it was obvious

who the correct choice should be to fill it.
Right away, Trey exhibited

true servant leadership and put the needs of his team above his own.
He

went out of his way to help staffers new to the legislative process and

was endlessly patient, making his colleagues believe there was no such

thing as a bad question.
Trey's empathy was an asset to the office and

our constituents, whether he was skillfully managing the Community

Project Funding process or pushing forward district-driven legislation.
As one of my staffers said, ``Trey is thoughtful and exceptionally

kind.
He is always willing to go above and beyond to help others on the

team.
He explains even the most complicated of subjects in a way that

brings people along without making them feel silly for asking.''
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have his expertise and leadership, and he will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that this expertise will continue to

serve the Nation and the people of Nevada's Third Congressional

District.
I wish Trey all the best in his future endeavors and thank

him for his three years of faithful service to this Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, February 27, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

FEBRUARY 28

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine evolving workforce dynamics

and the challenges for defense acquisition and defense

industrial base personnel.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine reproductive health care.