Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a good friend, Sean Morgan, who has served on the Chico City Council for the last 12 years.
Like our American founders, he stepped up to serve and is returning back to private life.
He has done an outstanding job for the City of Chico and must be recognized for his efforts.
Sean moved to Chico in 1974 at age 4.
He attended Citrus and Shasta Elementary Schools, Bidwell Jr. High, and Chico High.
In 1993 Sean graduated from the Chico State College.
While raising his two boys, Ashton and Zachary, Sean was involved in local youth sports for over a decade as a coach, referee, and team parent.
Sean's favorite time of year is any day he can watch his own children participating in any activities.
Sean Morgan started his first company while still attending college and was traveling around the country speaking on the small business lecture circuit at age 25.
It was here that he learned the value of budgets, living within one's means, and managing diverse groups of people.
In addition to being a business owner, Sean teaches business at Chico State University.
In 2012, he was elected as a Chico City Council member and has served multiple roles during his twelve years on the council.
Sean's intent as a council member was clear, to return Chico to a safe place to raise a family, an ideal location for business, and a premier place to live.
Sean served as Vice Mayor for two years and then Mayor for two years.
He served on the Finance Committee for ten years, serving as the Chair for eight of those ten years.
During his twelve years of service on the council, Sean was a strong defender of public safety, the rights of business owners, and the citizens.
Sean has been a strong leader through numerous disasters, including the Oroville Dam Crisis, the Paradise Camp Fire, and the COVID pandemic, and fighting to clean up the City of Chico after a lopsided council created a homeless crisis and needle giveaway programs.
On a personal note, for more than 12 years now Sean has been Mr. Chico.
He has been the Master of Ceremonies for more events than I can count, including many of mine.
He has raised money, he has volunteered, he has been the loudest, most consistent voice for common sense in difficult times.
Sean Morgan has sacrificed for the City.
If there was something that needed to be done, Sean is who we all counted on to get it done.
The City, the County and I are grateful for his years of service and commitment to the City.
With sincere appreciation I am happy to honor Sean Morgan for his extraordinary service and commitment.
I thank Sean Morgan.