Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Director of Advocacy, Taylor Mills, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I am thrilled that the end of my time in Congress will not be the end of Taylor's service to the district, as she will now become the District Director for my successor, Congresswoman-Elect Kelly Morrison, and I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Born and raised in Minnesota, Taylor earned a double major in Political Science and Justice and Peace Studies with a concentration in public policy analysis and advocacy from St. Catherine University and the University.
Thomas.
After college, she was offered the job of a lifetime in the Office of Governor Mark Dayton and (then) Lieutenant Governor Tina Smith.
Her passion for constituent services and community engagement were fostered there until Governor Dayton's retirement.
In early March of 2020, she was called upon to return to the Governor's Office, as the Director of Constituent Services and Public Engagement for Governor Tim Walz and Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan.
While there, she helped lead the team through multiple crisis situations including: COVID-19, the murders of George Floyd and Daunte Wright, and unprecedented numbers of constituent correspondence, casework, and community feedback.
Transitioning from State Government to Federal, Taylor has brought a wealth of experience with her as she continues to build bridges in my office as the Director.
Taylor is a seasoned professional with sound judgement, and her broad experience has proven invaluable.
She is a problem solver and creative thinker--eager to rethink systems and processes that are no longer serving their purposes.
Taylor is a thoughtful and caring manager who invests her time helping her team grow professionally while also getting to know them personally.
Taylor is a fierce defender of the first amendment and capably coached my team members through moments of protest and celebration.
Taylor is a natural in the community, building productive relationships and holding space for diverging viewpoints.
Her approach to getting to the heart of the matter is most admirable as she does so in a gentle yet determined way.
Taylor is Radical Hospitality in action--when you talk to her, you have her full attention.
Taylor's bright spirit and warmth was a welcome addition to our office in a time of uncertainty and we instantly benefitted from her skills as a team-builder, moralebooster, and candy-dish-stocker.
Those who know Taylor well know that she is the biggest ``Swiftie'', the proudest of dog moms to her goldendoodle Ruthie (named in honor of her idol, Ruth Bader Ginsburg), and is fiercely passionate about making positive change in the world.
She is incredibly kind, a listening ear to anybody who needs it, and a powerhouse in this work as a servant leader.
She is a true professional in this field, and it has been a joy and an honor working with her over the past year and a half.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to do this work and serve the Nation and the people in her future endeavors and thank her for her service to this Nation in my office--and many more to come.