Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember a Mississippian whose infectious personality and energetic spirit will always be remembered by those who knew him.
James ``Jim'' William Elliott, Jr. from Brookhaven, Mississippi, lived the embodiment of the American Dream.
He loved God, family, and cheering for his favorite sports teams: the Ole Miss Rebels, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta Braves.
Jim was generous with his time and found his greatest joy in connecting with others.
No matter how busy life was, Jim was there to lend a listening ear and take time to enjoy family.
Born in Jackson, Mississippi, in 1931, Jim graduated from Central High School in 1949.
After graduation, he attended the University of Mississippi where he excelled in academics and extracurricular activities.
He was a member of the Kappa Alpha Order, president of the Cardinal Club, president of the School of Liberal Arts, and a Cadet Colonel of the Air R.O.T.C.
Jim served his country for two years in the United States Air Force as 1st Lieutenant and a legal officer.
His time in the Air Force taught him the value of serving his country and what it means to uphold life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Jim attended law school at the University of Mississippi and obtained his LLB degree.
His academic achievements earned him president of his senior class while in law school, and his job as assistant to the Business Manager of Athletics encouraged his love of sports.
As an outdoorsman, Jim took his love for sports to the field.
From hunting and fishing to playing tennis, Jim enjoyed all sorts of sports.
Of all the sports, Jim loved tennis best.
He was known across Brookhaven for his willingness to teach young students how to play tennis.
His children and grandchildren also received hands-on instruction from Jim on the sport.
As a hunter, Jim received the Ducks Unlimited Award in 1987 for his contributions to waterfowl conservation.
The great outdoors gave Jim a deep love for the Lord and his creation.
Jim was an active member of Faith Presbyterian Church in Brookhaven.
While a member, he jumped at opportunities to serve and give back to the Lord.
He served as a deacon, chairman of the deaconate, Sunday school teacher, president of the Men of the church, and served as an advisor to the Senior High Fellowship.
The time he spent both outside and in service to the church was with deep purpose and conviction.
Jim was a devoted family man who loved God above all.
His legacy of service will live on throughout the communities that he impacted.
He never shied away from meeting with people and setting an example of how to love others well.
Jim was always generous with his time and presence to those who knew him.
I know that he is missed by his family and community.
I am honored for a chance to remember a lifelong Mississippian who loved his community and invested in those around him.
I hope people across the Third District of Mississippi will see the value in serving the community around them as Jim did.
I am thankful to serve a district that is home to people like James ``Jim'' William Elliott, Jr.