Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Deputy Communications Director, Abigail Fuchs, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Abbey grew up in Minnesota's Third Congressional District in the suburbs of Minneapolis (Maple Grove and Edina, Minnesota).
After graduating from Edina High School, she went on to attend the University.
Thomas where she played on the Women's Soccer Team, ran track, and graduated with a degree in marketing.
Abbey worked in campaign finance right out of college and then transitioned to my office in 2021 where she began as a Legislative Correspondent, was promoted to Constituent Communications Specialist, and finally held the title of Deputy Communications Director.
Abbey is a team player at work and in her personal life, where she uses her athletic and leadership skills to inspire the next generation as a youth soccer coach.
Like my grandmother, the legendary advice columnist Dear Abby, I believe in the transformative power of listening.
I often say that representation itself begins with listening, which is why I am so grateful that our own ``Dear Abbey'' has lent her considerable talents to me--and our entire community--for the past three years.
Abbey upholds the very foundation of our democracy by ensuring every Minnesotan who has an idea, question, or criticism to share is treated with compassion, receives a response, and is invited to continue a thoughtful dialogue with my office--no matter their politics.
Abbey embodies the spirit of radical hospitality, is quick to internalize and act upon strategy, and has capably forged a new path in congressional communications.
Abbey creatively transformed our email and mass communications program into a branding superpower and is the only communications professional we know to have received unprovoked thanks from constituents on the receiving end of mass emails--high praise in the age of digital spam.
Her innovative approach to congressional communications has been identified by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House as best-in-class and helped propel me to a leadership position on the House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee in 2022.
In addition to her outstanding work products, Abbey is a thoughtful and supportive teammate--always willing to lend a hand when needs arise.
She is bright, energetic, and always looking outside the box to accomplish the goals of the office.
Abbey brings optimism and a can-do attitude to whatever projects she is a part of.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I wish Abbey all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for almost four years of faithful service to this Nation in my office.