For several

weeks, Private First-Class Barancik and his unit assisted in the

movement of stolen art treasures to the central repository of Property

Control Branch and served as its guards.
From his arrival in Salzburg,

he was enamored with the dedication of the citizenry to art.
After his

service, he would go on to attend Cambridge University in London,

finish his architecture degree at the University of Illinois, and found

an eponymous architecture firm that designed numerous buildings,

campuses, and dwellings throughout Illinois.
Private First-Class

Barancik is remembered as a man of sharp mind and strong conviction, a

lover of art, and a devoted father and grandfather.
When I first learned about the Monuments Men and Women, I was struck

by their story and wanted to recognize the brave men and women of this

unit for their contributions during World War II.
In 2014, I had the

opportunity to sponsor the Monuments Men Recognition Act which awarded

their unit with the Congressional Gold Medal, and I was thrilled when

it was signed into law.
I was lucky to have the opportunity to meet

Richard Barancik, and 4 of the other Monuments Men and Women in 2015 at

the presentation ceremony of their Congressional Gold Medal.
They

fought tirelessly against an unwavering evil to preserve the greater

parts of our history and I am immensely proud to say that I have been a

supporter of the Monuments Men and Women Foundation from its inception.
The closing of Richard Barancik's final chapter again underscores the

reality that our Nation's veterans of World War II have already begun

to recede from our present, and into the endless window of our

memories.
His work, viewed through this lens, has bestowed to younger

generations the highest legacy to which any man could aspire.
Without

the service of his unit, great treasures of history and art would have

been irrevocably lost.
Our country, and our world, owes Mr. Barancik the greatest honor,

both in memory and in practice.
Rest in peace Private First-Class

Barancik, an irreplaceable part of our Nation's greatest triumph, and

an American hero in his own right.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR.
JEROME A. VANDEMARK

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Mr. Jerome

``Jerry'' A. Vandemark of Huguenot, N.Y., a devoted husband; beloved

father, grandfather, brother, and uncle; dedicated public servant; and

cherished friend, who passed away at home with his family by his side

on July 24, 2023.
Jerome Vandemark was born on May 12, 1954, in Middletown, N.Y. to the

late Joseph T. Vandemark and the late Eleanor Simon Vandemark.
He

married the love of his life, Louise Burch, 48 years ago on November

16, 1974, in Brooklyn, N.Y.

Jerry worked as a Transportation Supervisor for the New York State

Department of Transportation in Middletown, N.Y. He also worked in the

rubble during the September 11 recovery efforts.
He was passionate

about his community, serving as a past Chairman of the Deerpark

Recreational Committee, New York State Democratic Committee Person, and

a member of the Town of Deerpark Democratic Committee.
He was preceded in death by his parents and brother-in-law Steven

Burch.
He is survived by his wife Louise; children Michael and Stephanie;

grandchildren Alexandra, Sophia, Theona, Mikaela and Jacob; brother

John and his wife Nancy; sisters JoAnn, Ruth, and Jodie and her husband

Dominick; brothers-in-law Joseph Burch and his wife Kanda, and Andrew;

sister-in-law JoAnn; good friends Susan Burch and Michael Witt, who was

like a son.
He will also be missed by many nieces and nephews.
join me in recognizing the life and legacy of Mr. Jerome A. Vandemark.
It is my privilege to rise in recognition of his accomplishments and to

honor his memory.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WORLD HARVEST UNITED CHURCHES

HON.