From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEAN A. PRESTON FOR RECEIVING THE FRENCH LEGION D'HONNEUR

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize World War

II Veteran, Dean A. Preston for receiving the French Legion d'honneur,

which honors World War II Veterans for their service as they fought to

secure France's liberation.
The National Order of the Legion of Honour was established by

Napoleon Bonaparte in 1802 and serves as the highest order of merit

awarded by the French government for military and civil honors.
The

Legion d'honneur has been awarded to Veterans from various countries

for their bravery and service during D-Day military operations who

assisted in the security of France.
Dean A. Preston graduated from Pekin Community High School and

enlisted to serve his country.
He attended an advanced radio repair

school which equipped him with a skillset to manage wireless radio

networks following his completion of basic training.
Dean was inducted

into the United States Army on March 20, 1943, and served as a member

of 927th Signal Battalion, Separate, Tactical Air Command.
Dean earned several distinguished honors throughout his service

including the American Campaign Medal, the European African Middle East

Campaign Medal with 5 Campaign Stars, the Army Good Conduct Medal, and

the World War II Victory Medal.
Dean's strong communication, bravery,

and commitment to service distinguishes him as a recipient of the

French Legion d'honneur.
We live in the greatest country in the world because of men and women

like Dean.
Dean is proud to have served and contribute to liberty and

freedom.
I extend my sincere congratulations to Dean A. Preston for

receiving the French Legion d'honneur.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GOODFELLOWS

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Goodfellows, a

charitable organization, based in the city of Dearborn in Michigan's

12th District Strong, as they celebrate 100 years of giving.
Founded in 1923 as the Good Cheer Club, Goodfellows is Dearborn's

oldest charitable organization.
Local business owners came together to

raise money by selling newspapers to ensure ``no child without

Christmas.''
That became the organization's motto.
Over the years,

Goodfellows has grown in its reach and capacity, partnering with local

fire and police departments to serve families in need from far beyond

its beginnings in Dearborn.
Countless families can count on their

holiday gift distribution program, an event I happily volunteer my time

to each year.
And even more families are served by their school supply

drives, scholarships and even emergency funding.
Dearborn

Goodfellows relies heavily on committed volunteers every year who bring

heart to everything they do.
Please join me in recognizing Goodfellows of Dearborn for its

outstanding work and commitment to serving families in need.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REVEREND SOLOMON KINLOCH

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Reverend

Solomon W. Kinloch, Jr.'s incredible community and pastoral leadership

in Michigan's 12th Congressional District.
Reverend Solomon W. Kinloch, Jr. was born to the late Solomon, Sr.
and Janie Cousar Kinloch on July 28, 1973.
He began his work in

ministry under the tutelage of Rev. Robert Smith, Jr. at the New Bethel

Baptist Church in Detroit, Michigan.
In 1998, Reverend Kinloch accepted

his call to pastor at Triumph Church in Detroit, Michigan.
At the

beginning of his tenure, Triumph Church's membership was less than 50

people.
Under Rev. Kinloch's visionary leadership, Triumph Church has

since grown into several campuses with thirteen weekly services for

more than 40,000 members.
During the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, Reverend Kinloch

spearheaded the expansion of Triumph Church's outreach with the

creation of `Drive-In Church' at their Southfield location and 6 online

worship services, spreading hope and helping the community stay

connected when they could not safely gather in person.