Title: HONORING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD MAJOR MIRANDA SUMMERS LOWE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
131

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD MAJOR MIRANDA SUMMERS LOWE

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an

exceptional member of the Army National Guard, Major Miranda Summers

Lowe and her distinguished service and dedication to my office and her

work to connect me and my office better with the National Guard.
A native of Muncie, Indiana, Major Summers Lowe enlisted in the

Indiana Army National Guard and was later commissioned as an

intelligence officer.
She has served 21 years in Indiana, Virginia,

Rhode Island, and Washington D.C. National Guards in a broad range of

drill status and Active-Duty assignments, including deployments to Iraq

in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and to Djibouti in support of

Operation Enduring Freedom.
Currently, she is excelling as a military

personnel liaison for the National Guard Bureau Office of Legislative

Liaison, where she is working on ways to improve the quality of life

for our National Guard Servicemembers and Airmen.
This work builds off of her years of experience in the Legislative

Liaison Division as the Congressional Activities Branch Chief and an

Army Congressional Fellow in my office.
Major Summers Lowe has served

Active-Duty tours in the Chief of Staff of the Army's Operation

Enduring Study Group and the Office of the Director, Army National

Guard.
Her attention to detail and responsiveness strengthened the

relationship between my office and the National Guard immeasurably.
It's my understanding that Major Summers Lowe formulated the

congressional engagement plan and prepared National Guard leadership

for over 130 meetings and hearings, as well as playing a pivotal role

in informing congressional members about the National Guard Bureau's

legislative priorities.
Her efforts played a pivotal role in developing

National Guard healthcare access improvements.
In my office, Major Summers Lowe answered hundreds of congressional

inquiries and was an integral part of my office's process in reviewing

and making amendments to the

National Defense Authorization Act.
After concluding her current

assignment in August, Major Summers Lowe will take on another

challenging role as the deputy director of the National Guard History

Office.
She embodies the qualities that our country expects from our officer

corps.
It's clear she has a promising career ahead in continued service

to our Nation.
I want to express my gratitude and appreciation to Major

Summers Lowe for her work with my office and her steadfast dedication

to National Guard missions.
I want to thank her for the work she's done

for me, my office, and wish her all the best in her next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRIVATE FIRST-CLASS RICHARD BARANCIK

HON.
KAY GRANGER

Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of

Private First-Class Richard Barancik who passed away on July 14, 2023.
He was the final surviving member of the ``Monuments Men'', the World

War II heroes who were responsible for finding and safeguarding the

artistic and cultural achievements of western civilization stolen by

the Nazis.
Private First-Class Barancik enlisted in the Army and joined the 42nd

Division, 232 Infantry in Austria, where he learned of the Monuments,

Fine Arts, and Archives program, and, applied for duty.
For several

weeks, Private First-Class Barancik and his unit assisted in the

movement of stolen art treasures to the central repository of Property

Control Branch and served as its guards.
From his arrival in Salzburg,

he was enamored with the dedication of the citizenry to art.
After his

service, he would go on to attend Cambridge University in London,

finish his architecture degree at the University of Illinois, and found

an eponymous architecture firm that designed numerous buildings,

campuses, and dwellings throughout Illinois.