At the

beginning of his tenure, Triumph Church's membership was less than 50

people.
Under Rev. Kinloch's visionary leadership, Triumph Church has

since grown into several campuses with thirteen weekly services for

more than 40,000 members.
During the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, Reverend Kinloch

spearheaded the expansion of Triumph Church's outreach with the

creation of `Drive-In Church' at their Southfield location and 6 online

worship services, spreading hope and helping the community stay

connected when they could not safely gather in person.
Reverend Kinloch

held prayer calls to help our community and their membership remain

grounded in their faith and continuing to spread joy amongst fear.
Reverend Kinloch ensured our communities had access to basic needs for

their ability to not just survive the pandemic but thrive, by providing

free laptops for members in need and other essentials like food and

access to testing.
Reverend Kinloch's year-round exemplary leadership

will always be a testament to his unwavering faith and his commitment

and drive to serve others.
Please join me in recognition of Reverend Kinloch's numerous

accomplishments and service to the people of Michigan's 12th District.
We thank him for his service and wish him well.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF THE WOOD COUNTY FAIR UPON THE CELEBRATION OF ITS

150TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Wood County

Agricultural Society on the 150th Anniversary of the Wood County Fair.
Since 1873, the Wood County Fair has been a proud tradition of

Northwest Ohio and has served as an outlet for county residents to

showcase their talents, skills, and benevolence.
Over the course of 150

years, the Fair has continued to promote the county's heritage, bring

the community together, and encourage friendly competition with the

junior fair.
The first Wood County Fair was held near the corner of today's W.

Wooster and N. Grove Streets in Bowling Green, Ohio.
Between 1851 to

1885, it was held in various locations around Wood County including

Bowling Green, Perrysburg, Portage, and Tontogany.
From 1882 to 1927,

the fair was held in what is now the Bowling Green City Park.
Although

there was not an official fair between 1928 to 1950, events that

highlighted and celebrated the county's agriculture base included

Tomato Festivals, Harvest Festivals, and Fall Festivals.
The fair has

been held at the current location since 1951.
Although the first fair wasn't held until 1873, Wood County's

beginnings set the foundation for the agricultural spirit that is still

felt today during the fair.
Wood County was once home to the Great

Black Swamp.
This made settlement of the area extremely difficult, but

the pioneering spirit of early residents produced an extensive system

of ditches, which drained the swamp and revealed the rich farmland

beneath.
There are still more than 3,000 miles of drainage ditches

keeping the county dry to this day, and agriculture continues to power

Wood County's economy.
Even after the population spiked due to the discovery of oil and

natural gas in the late 1800s, agriculture continued to dominate Wood

County's economy.
The county supports the rural traditions and history

of the area that fosters agricultural ingenuity, manufacturing

developments, and educational success.
All of these factors have

contributed to a successful fair that highlights all aspects of the

county.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to the Wood County Agricultural Society on this significant milestone.
On behalf of the people of the Fifth Congressional District of Ohio, I

wish the Wood County Agricultural Society continued success on this

150th Wood County Fair.