While I have every sympathy with Molly and the millions of women who experience domestic abuse, according to the ManKind Initiative, one in five men are also victims of domestic abuse.
My constituents Mark and Adam are victims of serial female abusers who engage in not only psychological, physical and financial abuse, but sexual abuse as well.
What is being done to make sure there is space for men in refuges, and that there is training for police to ensure they believe these men?
Often, they are burly chaps who have been in the Army, and people simply do not believe that they have been victims, which only compounds the problems they face.
We often refer to violence against women and girls, as the term refers to a group of crimes that are majoritively suffered by women at the hands of men, but of course men are also victims—both from other men and from women.
The £30 million of extra funding that I mentioned in answer to the substantive question is for councils to provide accommodation in cases of domestic abuse under part 4 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
Local areas should be looking at the needs in their area and acting accordingly.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the incidence of fraud.
Fraud is the most commonly experienced crime in our country, and this Government will publish a new strategy to protect consumers and businesses later this year.
Before that, our Crime and Policing Bill will introduce new measures to fight fraud, including a ban on the use of SIM farms.
I hope Opposition Members will support those measures.
As the Minister says, fraud is the largest volume category of crime; it was coming down under the last Government, but over the past full year it has gone back up again dramatically.
The Online Safety Act 2023 is a landmark reform, but criminals will always seek new channels, so what will the Minister do in his new fraud plan to address that displaced fraud, including that delivered through advertising on websites not covered by the Act?
I am genuinely grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue again.
He is right: fraud accounts for over 43% of all offences recorded by the crime survey for England and Wales.
Tackling fraud relies on collaboration between law enforcement, industry and Government Departments.
That means everyone playing their part, and we continue to urge the tech and social media companies to take stronger action to stop consumers being defrauded when using their sites.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the use of asylum accommodation.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the use of asylum accommodation.
At the peak under the previous Government, there were 400 hotels in use across the country, at a cost of £9 million a day.
Thousands of asylum seekers were left in limbo in those hotels as decision making collapsed.
That was the chaos that this Government inherited a year ago, but we have taken action to restore order.
We are cutting the overall cost of asylum accommodation, and we are committed to ending the use of these hotels entirely by the end of this Parliament.
People are rightly concerned by reports that the Home Office is buying hotels to house asylum seekers.
That appears to be completely at odds with the Government’s manifesto pledge to end the use of hotels.
Will the Home Secretary or her Minister confirm to the House whether those reports are true or not true?
Will she reassure my constituents in Bridlington and The Wolds that there are no plans to house illegal migrants in facilities in our local area?
The Home Office is not buying hotels.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, there are currently 61 service users housed in his area, which is less than 15% of the quota, and there are zero hotels.
The Government may not be buying hotels, but it is filling them up with asylum seekers.
The number has gone up in the past year, not down, yet the Government say that they will reduce them to zero by the end of this Parliament.
Will the Minister confirm whether the commitment to end the use of asylum hotels by the end of this Parliament is a guaranteed pledge on which we can judge their success or failure—yes or no?
By March this year, 15% fewer people were in hotel accommodation than at the end of 2024.
We are saving money on the chaos that we inherited from the Conservatives, and we have announced that we will end the use of hotels by the end of this Parliament.
Are private rented family homes in socially and economically deprived areas the right place for asylum seekers to be housed?
Are community impacts of those placements being monitored, ready to inform policy if necessary?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we keep all these issues under close monitoring, and we are doing our best to ensure that individual areas take their fair share of the burden when it comes to looking after people in our asylum system.
Just to reassure her, we have sped up asylum decision making.
The system that we inherited was paralysed, and we are getting it going again so that we can deal with this issue as quickly as possible.
This Labour Government inherited a situation from the Conservatives where we were spending almost £9 million every single day on asylum hotels, including the Crewe Arms hotel in my constituency.
Will the Minister set out what steps she is taking to bring down those costs, as well as speeding up decision making, so that we can reopen the Crewe Arms as a hotel?
We are as anxious as my hon.
Friend to end the use of asylum hotels, but the backlogs we inherited from the Conservatives and the time it was taking—decision making collapsed by 70% in the last three months of that Government—have made it harder to empty hotels than we thought it would be at the beginning.
However, we have sped up; there has been a 116% increase in initial asylum decisions.
We are speeding up the system, we are getting people through the system, and we will close all asylum hotels by the end of this Parliament.