Does the Home Secretary agree with Labour police and crime commissioners that the money allocated by the Chancellor at the spending review is insufficient to deliver the Government’s policing priorities?
We have provided an additional £200 million for neighbourhood policing as part of more than £1 billion of additional funding for police forces across the country.
That is how we are putting an additional 3,000 neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers on our streets this year, after the decimation of neighbourhood policing under the Conservatives.
I associate  myself with the Home Secretary’s comments on 7/7.
Recently, the town of Prudhoe was shocked when Islamophobic graffiti was found on a building.
Such graffiti has no place in Prudhoe, my constituency, Northumberland or this country.
Can the Home Secretary assure me that upholding the safety and security of everyone in rural communities, no matter where they are from or what their background, is of the utmost importance to this Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
That sort of graffiti and serious hate crime divides communities and needs to be taken seriously by police across the country.
It is one of the reasons we are strengthening the law to give the police stronger powers to prevent intimidating protests around not just synagogues but mosques.
My thoughts are with the family of Jayesh Pitrola.
Hertfordshire’s policing budget already faces a £7 million shortfall, and the recent spending review contained no direct funding from the Home Office to address that.
Will the Home Secretary reassure my constituents, as well as our police and crime commissioner Jonathan Ash-Edwards, that Hertfordshire will benefit from more police officers without further local tax rises being required?
As the Home Secretary just pointed out, we have provided an additional £200 million this year to support new neighbourhood police officers  and PCSOs for all our communities.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman if he would like to discuss policing further, but this Government are committed to making sure that the police have the resources they need.
The  nationally recognised BRAVE—Building Resilience and Valuing Emotions—programme supported adult survivors of domestic abuse in Berkshire, but after our Conservative police and crime commissioner cut its funding by 25%, the scheme was left unviable.
Does the Minister share my deep disappointment about this cut?
Yes, I do.
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the important work that BRAVE has done in Berkshire.
Grassroots organisations are at the heart of work to support domestic abuse victims and the communities they live in.
Tackling domestic abuse is at the heart of the Government’s mission and, I should hope, the mission of every police and crime commissioner.
The Mercure hotel in Stanwell in my constituency is used to house asylum seekers, and I have had multiple reports of asylum seekers there working illegally.
Will the Department please put that on immigration enforcement’s radar, so that it can take the appropriate action?
I assure the hon.
Member that we take action against those who break the rules by working illegally.
Raids and arrests for illegal working are up 50% in the last year; civil penalties in the last quarter were at their highest rate since 2016; and we are taking action to close the gig economy loophole through the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which he and his Conservative friends voted against.
What steps is the Home Office taking to ensure that Palestinian students awarded scholarships to UK universities can obtain visas and travel to the UK to take up their places?
That is an important issue.
I am working closely with the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , and the Israeli, Jordanian and Egyptian authorities to identify safe routes by which British nationals and other eligible people can leave Gaza, or indeed the west bank, and so are able to obtain visas and travel to the UK.