The comments from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont)  relate to the question of whether it will be a national inquiry, rather than a co-ordination of a few local inquiries.
All the victims and survivors deserve justice, so can the Minister please confirm for us today that every town and city with a grooming and rape gang will be part of the inquiry, including and especially where local authorities may not wish to be part of it?
To the hon.
Lady’s question, whether a local authority wishes to take part is not up for debate.
The inquiry will be decided by the chair of the inquiry, as would happen in a statutory independent inquiry, and that work will go on.
When we have inquiries, we have to make sure that we actually live by the recommendations of those inquiries.
That is why I ask the hon.
Lady why she voted against mandatory reporting and making grooming an aggravated factor—those were recommendations from the last inquiry—when she was asked to vote for them.
What steps her Department is taking to stop small boat crossings.
Small boat crossings undermine border security and put lives at risk.
The criminal gangs have adapted their tactics to exploit French rules that prevent the authorities from intervening in French waters.
The French Minister of the Interior and I agree that this needs to change.
He has instigated a major maritime review to change tactics and operations, and we want to see these changes in place as soon as possible.
I agree with the Home Secretary that that would be a major step forward.
Does she agree with me that, on average, well over 1,000 people have been crossing the channel each week this year, and that there is no way any form of court procedures can keep pace with that?
Does she therefore agree that nothing other than prevention, as she has described, interception or, as a last resort, detention and return can possibly be successful?
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need stronger action to prevent the boat crossings in the first place, which is why we are working closely with France both on strengthening law enforcement, with a new law enforcement and investigations unit in Dunkirk, and on the issues of maritime tactics, because we need those interventions in French waters.
The small boats crisis is one of the single biggest issues that my constituents raise with me, and although the Government have made progress on returns, crossings are still happening.
What assurances can the Home Secretary give my constituents that these gangs will be dismantled and that the crossings will stop?
My hon.
Friend is right to refer both to returns—we have increased returns of failed asylum seekers by more than 20% since the election—and to the action against the criminal gangs.
We know that there are Iraqi Kurdish gangs in particular operating in northern France, so we have a new agreement in place with the French Government, the Iraqi Government and the Kurdistan Regional Government, to pursue those gangs.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
The Government are determined to crack down on antisocial behaviour, and tackling it is a central theme of our safer streets summer initiative, which is currently under way in over 500 towns.
Our Crime and Policing Bill will provide policing with a  suite of new powers to tackle antisocial behaviour, including respect orders to get persistent offenders out of town centres, and stronger powers to seize dangerous and deafening off-road bikes.
I again remind the House that the Conservatives voted against those measures recently.
With increasing incidents of antisocial behaviour and falling police numbers in Scotland, will the Minister assure me that she will share learning from the safer streets initiative with SNP Ministers, as it is rolled out, to encourage them to raise their game on this issue?
Will she also join me and Police Scotland in Fife in praising Kingdom Off Road motorcycle club in my constituency, which is such a success in running activities that divert young people from antisocial behaviour?
We will of course learn lessons over the summer from our initiative and our blitz on town centres, and I am willing to share that with SNP Ministers, which I think would be very helpful in the light of what my hon.
Friend said about the problems people are facing in Scotland.
I of course welcome and commend the work with young people that is going on in his constituency.
We have exciting plans for Gateshead town centre, but we have more work to do on antisocial behaviour.
Northumbria police’s Operation Shield has brought down antisocial behaviour significantly, but more powers and more officers are needed.
What are the Government doing to ensure that the police have both the powers and the resources to tackle persistent antisocial behaviour?
First, I am very pleased to hear about the work of Northumbria police with Operation Shield, which I think is to be commended.
We want to work collectively with forces to focus on town centres nationwide, while recognising that some town centres and areas of the country have more significant problems to address.
We want to build on existing data, good practice and evidence to develop a model that can then be rolled out up and down the country.
Glastonbury town centre has seen increasing rates of antisocial behaviour, shoplifting and crime.
A local charity shop manager told me that residents and customers are too scared to walk down the high street, which obviously has a negative impact on the local economy.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how effective community policing can be the solution to the persistent issues that Glastonbury is facing?
I am, of course, very happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
That is why neighbourhood policing is important, and why the Government made a commitment to put 13,000 additional police personnel back into our town centres and communities over the course of this Parliament, to provide the reassurance that communities have not had for far too long, with the decimation of neighbourhood policing over previous years.