The Minister talks about concerns raised by the constituents of  the hon.
Member for Truro and Falmouth (Jayne Kirkham) .
They are concerns created by this Government not valuing people from different parts of the world who serve in our national health service and social care system in Cumbria and elsewhere.
Will the Minister be much clearer that this proposal will not be retrospective for people who underpin our health service in Cumbria and across the country?
Will she be mindful of the impact on our health service if she goes ahead with a decision—which, at the moment, it looks like the Government are going to—that will hugely undermine the flow of workers who come here to support us and keep us all well?
May I gently disagree with the hon.
Gentleman?
We do recognise the vital contribution of overseas NHS workers, and we have not yet defined what contributions will reduce the period for settlement, but the proposed changes are subject to consultation.
In addition, we are committed to ensuring that the NHS remains supported, while reducing long-term reliance on migration.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government on protecting domestic abuse victims from the perpetrators of that abuse with whom they share a joint tenancy.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will allow individuals to end joint tenancies, supporting domestic abuse victims to leave their abuser if they share a home.
The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government has announced a £30 million increase to the domestic abuse safe accommodation grant, raising the total funding in 2025-26 to £160 million.
My constituent Molly is trapped in the house where she was violently attacked in front of her children.
She is confined to living upstairs, because going into the room downstairs triggers her post-traumatic stress disorder.
Despite the perpetrator of this abuse rightfully being in prison and having a restraining order of five years, Molly’s landlord has told her that they cannot take him off the lease, so she cannot move.
Can the Minister confirm that the Government are taking steps to ensure that victims of domestic abuse, like Molly, can move on with their lives?