The best community policing is embedded within communities, responding to their needs.
Whether it is attacks on Jewish-owned businesses or hateful chants at music festivals, there are too many sobering reminders of the reality of the antisemitism that too many within the Jewish community across the UK are facing right now.
Home Office figures have shown that religious hate crimes are at record  highs, and that the number of hate crimes specifically targeting Jewish people has more than doubled.
Everyone deserves to feel safe in our society, and that must include British Jewish communities, so what steps is the Home Secretary taking to ensure that police have the training and resources needed to effectively tackle antisemitic hate crimes, while supporting survivors?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the appalling increase in antisemitism, antisemitic hate crime and assaults that took place after the events in the middle east.
She will know that, in order to tackle antisemitism, we and the police work very closely with the Community Security Trust and we are introducing new measures to deal with intimidating protests outside synagogues.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of integrating community policing and neighbourhood health teams.
My hon.
Friend speaks with a great deal of experience in health matters.
There are regular discussions between ministerial colleagues about how we can best join up public services.
We know that joined-up working results in better outcomes at a local level.
Collaboration and engagement between neighbourhood policing and neighbourhood health teams already exists to tackle mental health issues, and drug and alcohol addiction.
I hope that this Government’s investment in neighbourhood policing will enable more of that work to continue.
Evidence shows that integrating policing and health is vital in delivering better outcomes in areas like mental health, substance misuse and youth violence—areas that we need to address in my city of York.
With both police and health realigning into neighbourhood teams, will the Home Secretary ensure that there is reach across the services, with a named lead police officer, to develop prevention and early intervention strategies, diverting those at risk through harm reduction approaches, including treatment and support?
With the recently launched 10-year health plan, we are moving away from those siloed services towards a more joined-up approach, including the preventive model of care.
That aligns very much with policing and keeping people safe, and supporting wellbeing.
I welcome the opportunity to contribute to the national neighbourhood health implementation programme and to ensure that policing is part of the conversation from the outset.
By working more closely with health and care partners, we can reduce inappropriate demand on policing.
Officers should not be left to pick up the pieces when other support services are better placed to help.
This is about getting it right—and getting that tailored support—first time.