The number of small boat crossings is driving people mad and eroding support for the Labour Government, just as it eroded support for the Conservatives.
I worry for the Labour Government; I want them to do better on this, for all our sakes.
Have not our French friends got a point about this country being uniquely attractive to illegal asylum seekers?
We do not have identity cards, and we do not do what the Belgians do, which is to refuse to put them in reception centres.
Can we make a study of what every other member of the Council of  Europe is doing, and replicate the strongest actions, so that this is not the most attractive country for illegal asylum seekers?
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need to take action on a whole range of things.
That includes action in France, further action on the network of criminal gangs, action on the water, and action to tackle illegal working and reform the asylum system in the UK.
We inherited a system in which there was not enough action on illegal working; that is why we have ensured a 50% increase in raids and arrests.
We will also bring forward more reforms on asylum.
To what extent does the Minister agree that reform of the European convention on human rights, which can block us from deporting some foreign criminals, including paedophiles, should be a priority for the Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it should be for Parliament and the Government to decide who has a right to remain in our country.
As set out in our immigration White Paper, we intend to clarify these issues and the application of article 8 rights in the UK.
Less than three weeks ago, the Home Secretary whipped her Back Benchers against new clause 43 to the Crime and Policing Bill, which had cross-party support and would have criminalised the harassment of women and girls.
Her Ministers promised at the Dispatch Box and elsewhere that the new clause was not necessary because the matter would be dealt with in the violence against women and girls strategy, which was meant to come out before the recess.
We now hear that it is not coming out before the recess.
Did Ministers misspeak at the Dispatch Box, or are they incompetent?
If the hon.
Gentleman wishes to read the National Audit Office’s report on the previous Government’s violence against women and girls strategy, he will see that the strategy was found totally wanting.
What about your strategy?
I will come to it.
It was also undeliverable and untested.
I want to ensure that the violence against women and girls strategy that goes out in this Government’s name is the best it can possibly be.
One of my constituents found that, despite taking precautions, their identity had been assumed, and their PIN for online banking was changed.
That was repeated across other accounts, and thousands of pounds were stolen.
What steps is the Department taking to combat sophisticated cyber-crime and ensure that, in particular, older constituents like mine remain protected?
I am sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Combating these crimes is a key priority for the Government.
We continue to collaborate closely with the financial industry, organisations such as Cifas and regulators on strengthening account security and supporting victims.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss this further.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s comments about 7/7.
I remember that day too well, and we supported the Government then, too.
In more recent times, there have been a number of major cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks and associated blackmail of major companies.
It has come to my attention that one such company paid a very large sum to its blackmailer recently.
I will share the name with the Home Secretary afterwards; it would not be appropriate to share it in the Chamber.
Will she update the House on the progress of the Government’s actions to ensure that blackmailers of this sort do not succeed in future?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter, and will happily meet him to discuss it.
The Home Office recently closed a consultation on a world-leading package of legislative proposals to counter ransomware.
A public response will be published shortly.
The chair of the Met Police Federation, Rick Prior, and the chair of the West Midlands Police Federation, Rich Cooke, have both been removed by the unelected chief executive of the Police Federation after speaking up for the officers they were elected to represent.
Is the Home Secretary as concerned as I am that the only staff association that police officers are legally allowed to join is no longer fit for purpose?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue; I know he has experience as a police officer.
I regularly meet the Police Federation and its officers and chief executive.
I will raise his concerns directly with them.
How does the Home Secretary propose to reduce the number of people in asylum accommodation in Bognor Regis and Littlehampton, given that even the Prime Minister admits that the situation in the channel is deteriorating?
By speeding up the asylum process, so that people are not trapped in asylum hotels by huge backlogs, and by increasing decision making by 116%, following the 70% fall that we saw in the three months before the last election, we will get the system moving again.
Over the past 14 years, police forces have faced significant cuts to personnel and resources.
While many areas are returning to 2010 staffing levels, the west midlands still has 540 fewer officers.
I support the efforts of the police and crime commissioner, Simon Foster.
How can we address the funding gap caused by an outdated national formula that has disadvantaged my Dudley constituents?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate for policing in her constituency.
I hope she will welcome the increase for the west midlands of over 300 neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs.
It comes at a time when we are putting 3,000 more neighbourhood police on the beat.
We are also bringing in: new laws on off-road bikes and town centre crime; a ban on machetes, zombie knives and ninja swords; domestic abuse experts in 999 control rooms; and new protections against terrorism for venues.
That is action across the board to keep our communities safe.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the Government’s performance against the fiscal rules.
As the shadow Chancellor knows, it is a long-standing convention of this and previous Governments not to provide a running commentary on a fiscal forecast, and it is for the independent Office for Budget Responsibility to assess performance against the Government’s fiscal rules in its official economic and fiscal forecast.
In the most recent forecast, published in March alongside the spring statement, the OBR confirmed that the Government were on track to meet their fiscal rules two years ahead of target.
It also confirmed that the Government were on track to meet their fiscal rules early in the Budget last autumn.
This is a choice—a responsible choice.
When we contrast it with the actions of Conservative Members, who lost control of the public finances, we see working people across the country still paying the price.
In line with the usual process, the Chancellor will ask the OBR to produce a new fiscal forecast in the autumn for the annual Budget.
That forecast will include an updated assessment of the Government’s performance against their fiscal rules.
As the Prime Minister confirmed last week, the Government are committed to their fiscal rules, which remain non-negotiable.
We have seen what happens when fiscal rules are put to one side—[Interruption.]
Conservatives Members may be chuntering from their sedentary positions, but families across the country are still paying the price of the consequences of Liz Truss’s experiment through higher mortgage payments, and we are not going to put the nation’s finances at risk as the Conservatives have done.
In contrast, this Government are meeting their fiscal rules and, as a consequence of the Chancellor’s decisions, we are investing billions of pounds in the renewal of Britain: in schools, hospitals, affordable homes and public transport and in keeping the nation safe.
Any future fiscal plans will be set out at the Budget in the normal way.
The Chancellor said that she would not make any commitments that were not “fully funded and fully costed”, but the Chief Secretary to the Treasury has just said that he now expects us to wait until the autumn to hear how the Government intend to cover the £6 billion of unfunded commitments that their U-turns have run up in the last month alone.
A Government divided.
A Government racking up unfunded spending.
A Government wrecking the public finances.
Why is the Chief Secretary not prepared to explain how they will fund these U-turns?
There are surely only two possible answers: either the Treasury has made them without a clue as to how they will be funded, or it knows but is refusing to tell us.
Either is completely unacceptable.
Can the Chief Secretary set aside the usual blather that we have just heard and  tell us whether he knows how these unfunded commitments will be paid for, or are his Government simply refusing to say?
The House will also have noted the inherent contradiction in the Chief Secretary sticking to the line that decisions will be made at a fiscal event in the normal way, when that is precisely what the Government have not done.
By losing control of the finances and of their own parliamentary party, the Government have made significant fiscal decisions outside of a fiscal event.
The Chancellor said at the Budget that she would not be coming back with more tax rises.
Is this still the position?
Will the Chief Secretary rule out a wealth tax, along with reconfirming there will be no rise in income tax, national insurance or VAT?
The Chancellor said that she would not extend the freeze on tax thresholds because it would hurt working people.
Is this still the position?
Can the Chief Secretary confirm that the Chancellor will not be adding to her fiscal black hole by scrapping the two-child benefit cap?
Can I also ask whether consideration— Order.
The shadow Chancellor will know the time limit.
I am sure that this will be his last sentence.
It certainly is now, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If Ministers are to begin putting their house back in order, that must start right now with full transparency and proper answers.
I think the House knows what losing control of the public finances looked like, because under the previous Conservative Government interest rates went through the roof, families were paying higher mortgage rates and the Chair of the Treasury Committee was calling out the irresponsible behaviour of Liz Truss and her Ministers in the Treasury.
That is what losing control of the public finances looked like and that is why the Conservative party lost control of Government and is in opposition today.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me to comment on forecasts of annually managed expenditure and on future tax decisions.
He knows how this works.
All of that will happen with a forecast and a Budget, which will happen in the autumn.
We all know why the Government want to keep their fiscal rules tight, because we know what happens when the markets go wrong, but a lot of things have rocked the country since the Labour Government were elected a year ago.
Will the Chief Secretary explain to our constituents what the benefits of the fiscal rules are for them in their day-to-day lives?
This can seem a very remote and distant discussion for people who are living in overcrowded conditions or who need healthcare, for example.