With its NI rises, among other measures, last year’s Budget skewed the tax burden on to small companies.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper)  has just laid out some measures that would skew that burden towards bigger companies and multinationals.
Given that the Government’s No. 1 priority is growth, could the Chief Secretary explain why we are taxing small companies over big companies?
I think the hon.
Member is referring to employer’s national insurance contributions, which—as I have set out to the House—were designed to limit the burden on smaller businesses, with bigger businesses paying more.
That was the way that the system was designed, and that was the system that the Chancellor put forward.
The only way out of the economic doom loop that the previous Government got us into is by growing the British economy again.
If the British economy had grown over the past 10 years as quickly as the OECD national average, there would be £40 billion more sitting in the Exchequer without having to touch spending or taxes at all.
[Interruption.]
The Conservatives talk about the fastest growth in the G7—that is like walking the first 26 miles of a marathon and then bragging about jogging over the finish line.
Growth was unacceptably slow under the previous Government, so can the Chief Secretary let us know what he is doing to get the British economy growing again, particularly changing the broken planning system so that we can build more homes and energy infrastructure here in the UK?
My hon.
Friend speaks passionately, because his constituents know that they were worse off at the end of 14 years of the Conservatives than when they started.
He knows that this Labour Government are committed to making his constituents better off at this end of this Parliament than they were at the start.
That is what our investment in the renewal of Britain is about, and it is what this Labour Government will deliver.
We all know that taxes are coming; we just do not know on whom they are going to fall hardest.
The country is nervous, with every family and every business wondering how much those taxes are going to cost them.
Does the Chief Secretary regret the fact that that is leading to reduced domestic spending and reduced business investment, and is dragging the economy down overall?
I do not disagree with this Government’s fiscal policies, no.
I always listen attentively to the shadow Chancellor, in this place and in his many media rounds.
Sadly, what is missing is a costed economic policy of his own.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the shadow Chancellor might be wise to spend some quality time in his beautiful Dorset constituency— Devon.
Apologies—in his Devon constituency over the summer to develop some credible policies of his own?
If he does not, he is not credible from the Dispatch Box.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It will be a benefit to the whole House that the shadow Chancellor will be in his Devon constituency for the whole of August.