I am very pleased to hear about the good ideas being rolled out in Northern Ireland.
I hope very much to be able to visit in the near future, so that I am able to see for myself that community policing in Northern Ireland.
What steps her Department is taking to counter hostile state threats.
The Department is taking robust action to respond to state threats.
We continue to implement measures in the National Security Act 2023, which include launching the foreign influence registration scheme on  1 July .
We have also announced the conclusion of the transnational repression review, new police training and the establishment of a cross-Whitehall joint unit to tackle state threats.
Twenty years ago, after the horror of the 7/7 bombings, we joined up how we work on security threats of all kinds, creating an enduring multi-agency approach.
Now, with the added challenge from far-right extremism and the rapidly mounting threat to Europe from malign Russian activity, we need to bolster our responses across borders as well as across our agencies.
Will my hon.
Friend look at the concept of a joint UK-French national security council meeting to push that forward at Thursday’s summit?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
I am sure we will all be reflecting on where we were 20 years ago.
He is right about the nature of the threat we face today and he makes a very good suggestion.
As he will know, we work very closely with our French neighbours.
Important conversations will be taking place against the backdrop of the state visit, but I will consider more carefully the point he makes.
We know that terrorists and potential terrorists are coming on small boats across the English channel, so why is Border Force picking these people up and bringing them to the UK?
I can say to the hon.
Gentleman that we are strengthening those checks.
We continually assess potential threats in the UK and ensure that we guard against them.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle knife crime.
My hon.
Friend will know that the Government have set an unprecedented mission to halve knife crime in a decade.
We are determined to tackle the scourge of serious violence on our streets.
This month, we are running a major new surrender scheme for lethal weapons, including ninja swords, in hotspots across the country, alongside introducing the new provisions in our Crime and Policing Bill to crack down on the illegal sale of knives online.
Those measures will help to reduce the availability of dangerous knives on our streets and ensure that those who perpetrate these offences face the full force of the law.
Six weeks ago, Kayden Moy, a 16-year-old boy from East Kilbride in my constituency, was stabbed to death, leaving his family bereft and a community—my community—in grief.
Since Kayden’s tragic death, I have received multiple videos and images of local youths posing while wielding machetes in their own homes, but the police claim that they are powerless to take any action whatever.
Does the Minister agree that much more needs to be done to stop the very real glamourisation of knife crime online, and to prevent social media from being a breeding ground for youth violence?
May I first express my condolences to Kayden’s family and friends?
That is just appalling to hear.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the role that social media can play in glamourising these types of weapons.
That is why it is so important that we have measures in the Crime and Policing Bill and the Online Safety Act 2023 to start to tackle that.
As I say, it is absolutely appalling.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
This month, we have supported police and the retail industry to launch the new retail crime strategy, and the Home Secretary launched a safer streets blitz in town centres, with targeted action to tackle retail crime.
Under the previous Government, shop theft soared to record levels and assaults against retail workers spiralled out of control.
That is why, in addition to investing in neighbourhood policing, we are introducing in our Crime and Policing Bill a new stand-alone offence of assaulting a shop worker, because everybody has a right to feel safe on the job.
Staff at Tesco in Aldershot tell me that the store is facing rising levels of shoplifting, with people walking out of the store with full trolleys.
It is often the same individuals, who are emboldened because they do not fear the consequences.
Hampshire police are doing their best, but they cannot attend every incident, and store staff feel threatened and powerless.
This is a nationwide problem.
What steps is the Home Secretary taking to tackle the wave of retail crime and to protect shop workers on the frontline?
It is totally unacceptable that shop theft and violence and abuse towards retail workers have continued to rise, particularly over the last two years  of the previous Government, when they went up by 60%.
We are asking retail workers to perform a significant act of public service as they enforce restrictions on the sale of items including cigarettes, alcohol and knives.
As I have set out, the bespoke offence in the Crime and Policing Bill will help to shine a spotlight on the problem and ensure that we bring perpetrators to book.
The Bill will also ensure that the sanction of a criminal behaviour order can be attached to a conviction for assaulting a retail worker, which will help to protect retail workers.
Whether at Asda in Basildon or Waitrose in Billericay, there have been real issues with shop thefts, particularly by organised gangs, which often come from outside the local area.
They come in, ransack stores and then drive away.
What is the Minister doing to address the issues that go beyond local theft and are actually a nationwide gang issue?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
We will continue to crack down on the organised gangs that target retailers.
As we have set out, we will provide £5 million over the next three years to continue to fund a specialist analysis team within Opal, the national police intelligence unit for serious organised acquisitive crime, to share information and make sure that retailers are part of the conversation.
We are doing everything we can to tackle organised gangs.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the antisocial use of off-road bikes.
Our Crime and Policing Bill, which Opposition Members voted against on Third Reading, is giving the police greater powers to clamp down on off-road bikes and other nuisance vehicles that cause chaos in our communities.
Once the changes come into force, officers will no longer be required to issue a warning before they seize a bike that is being used antisocially.
On  28 May , we published a consultation to explore changes to the circumstances in which the police can seize and destroy these vehicles, and we will not hesitate to go further if needed.