We all know the Government had a terrible inheritance from the previous Government, whether it was the incompetence of covid contracts, the mini-Budget or the botched Brexit deal.
But at the same time, last year’s Labour Budget was a Treasury tax grab with no vision for the economy and no regard to the impact on small and medium-sized businesses and key sectors like hospitality and social care.
We Liberal Democrats want to see things getting better in this country for our constituents and for the country.
In the spirit of constructive opposition, I will ask the Minister a number of questions.
When will the Government get serious about growth through a much deeper trading deal with Europe?
Will Ministers look at fairer revenue raisers, such as reversing the Conservatives’ tax cuts for the big banks and raising revenue from tech giants and online gaming and gambling companies?
Will the Prime Minister make a public statement to calm the markets and avoid four months of speculation about what might be in the next Budget?
Will the Government commission an interim Office for Budget Responsibility report now?
Order.
The same strictures apply to the Liberal Democrats—one more sentence.
I am grateful for your guidance, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Can the Government confirm that they will not raid capital budgets to fix crumbling hospitals and to pay for day-to-day spending, and will the Minister confirm the date for the autumn Budget?
The hon.
Lady encourages me to act above my pay grade.
The Chancellor will set out the date for the autumn Budget in due course.
The hon.
Lady invited me to explain to the House what our strategy was at the Budget—it was about investing in the renewal of Britain.
That is why the Chancellor’s decision to update the fiscal rules to allow billions of pounds of investment in our capital infrastructure across the country, including into schools and hospitals, was the reason that the Budget was set out as it was.
She also asked me about trade deals.
I politely point to the three trade deals that the Government have already agreed with the European Union, India and the United States of America, saving thousands of jobs across the UK and generating growth in the years ahead.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that it is because of these fiscal rules that this Government have been able to establish firm foundations for future growth?
Will he explain to the House how the Budget stability rule supports the Government with confidence of investors and businesses?
My hon.
Friend knows from her work on the Treasury Committee that the fiscal rules are important because they prove that the Government are in control of the public finances.
We saw what happened when the last Government lost control: the cost of Government borrowing went through the roof, and that takes money out of budgets before they even get to public services like the national health service.
That is why this Government are committed to our fiscal rules and will ensure that they are being implemented.
The Chief Secretary will be aware from his previous role as Chair of the Business and Trade Committee that one of the things that those who create wealth and invest in our economy need is certainty.
Before the next Budget, will he ensure that he consults with business leaders and that a proper impact assessment of whichever taxes he will increase is done so we can minimise the damage being done to the productive capacity of the UK economy?
The Treasury engages with business leaders and investors all the time, and the one thing they tell me is that they are grateful this Government have brought back long-term, multi-year budgets, that we have the fiscal rules in place, and that we are reforming things like the planning system to make it easier to do business in this country.
As a consequence, business confidence is increasing under this Government, having dropped enormously under the right hon.
Member’s Government.
My constituency faces a housing crisis, and inflation and out-of-control borrowing costs make it much more expensive to build social housing, and those costs are passed on to tenants.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is precisely why the fiscal rules are critical?
The fiscal rules are important because when we control the nation’s finances, we bring stability to family finances.
We have all experienced the consequences of previous Governments losing control, and our mortgage rates and rents have gone through the roof.
This Labour Government will never let that happen again.
The Government committed to one fiscal event a year in the name of economic stability, but by having an OBR forecast and these constraints, they had only one lever to pull: spending cuts.
This time, disabled people paid the price, and the Government have since had to row back.
Does the Government regret placing those restraints on themselves over tax measures when OBR forecasts are published?
The Government are committed to the independence of the OBR.
We will keep setting out future fiscal plans at one fiscal event a year.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that without the fiscal rules we would not have seen four interest rate cuts, which have benefited thousands of constituents across the country?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we have had four interest rate cuts under this Government which is good for mortgage holders and renters.
Wages have increased faster than costs for the first time in many years, and the Chancellor has been able to invest billions of pounds in our country while keeping markets stable.
That is the consequence of stability in our economy and in our politics and the fact that we are implementing our fiscal rules in the way we said we would.
With all due respect to the Chief Secretary, the Chancellor really should be here to answer this urgent question  because the financial markets are extremely concerned about her wellbeing—the financial markets which, by the way, are asking for a 10-year yield now that is considerably higher than after the Liz Truss Budget.
It is really important that the bond markets, which are aware of the hole in the Government’s finances, know how the Government are going to act, because otherwise we will see further fleeing of the millionaires and the wealth creators and the businesses whose investment we rely on for growth in this country.
I am not entirely sure what the question was, but I think the hon.
Lady is exhibiting that she has learned some lessons from her party’s performance when she was last in government.
Maybe she could share that with her Front-Bench colleagues in due course.
I am amazed that the Conservative party has brought an urgent question on fiscal rules.
The Conservatives had seven sets of fiscal rules in 14 years; I mean, guys—and it is all guys—come on.
The reason why they kept missing debt and deficit targets is because they kept cutting investment, meaning less growth and less tax revenue.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that by investing to grow, we get our debt burden down?
This Government recognise that it was because of cuts, especially to capital investment through the austerity years under the Conservative Government, that we had such poor productivity in our economy.
We are still suffering the consequences of that, which is why, as the Chancellor said at the Budget, we are choosing investment over decline.
A year ago we were promised radical change, but the only radical change appears to be in the Labour party itself, which has decided that if you are poor, old or disabled, it will be you who will bear the brunt of the cuts and on whose backs the books will be balanced.
So were the fiscal rules always predicated on going after the most vulnerable and the weakest and those least able to organise and fight back, instead of taking on the rich, the powerful, the multinationals and the tax avoiders?
As a consequence of the Chancellor’s decisions, we gave Scotland the largest real-terms spending increase since devolution began, and the only radical change that we are now looking for is the Scottish National party to be kicked out of Holyrood next May.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher)  mentioned, there were seven different sets of fiscal rules under the previous Government.
The shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , has announced that he has reflected on the mistakes made by the Truss Government and I am sure that international investors watching what is happening in the Commons would like to see sensible debate from all parties in the Chamber on the most critical challenge facing our times.
Will the Chief Secretary therefore set out the important ways in which capital investment unlocked under these fiscal rules are allowing for economic growth and development?
Because of the Chancellor’s decision to update the definition of debt—[Interruption.]
We have been able to unlock billions of pounds of investment into houses and schools and hospitals and GP surgeries across the country.
Opposition Members may laugh but, as my hon.
Friend points out, they have no plan to share with anyone at all.
In November last year the Chancellor told the CBI conference that she was “not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes.”
Will the Minister, as the Chancellor is not in the Chamber, reiterate that promise today, or has the Chancellor mishandled the economy so badly that she is now going to have to add this to the Government’s growing list of U-turns?
The Chancellor was very clear that the last Budget was a once-in-a-generation Budget because it had to deal with the sheer scale of negligence and mess that we had inherited from the party opposite.
I am very grateful now that we are one year into a Labour Government we do not have to keep clearing up their mess year after year.
The Opposition have opposed all the tough decisions this Government have made to raise revenue, from VAT on private schools to the windfall tax.
Has the Chief Secretary heard anything from the shadow Chancellor about how their plans would interact with the fiscal rules, if they plan on having any fiscal rules at all?
I might suggest to my hon.
Friend that the public are grateful not to hear very much from the Conservative party after 14 years of failure, but if Conservatives Members wish to be competitive again, I would encourage them to set out what they might actually do with the country.
Plans to plunder disability benefits and the decision to hike national insurance contributions are examples of policies that disproportionately hit Welsh communities.
Instead, we need fair policies, such as a wealth tax on assets over £10 million, an end to Government subsidies for oil and gas giants, and a clampdown on tax evasion.
When will the Government’s fiscal rules enshrine fairness, where the ultra-wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share?
The right hon.
Lady seems to have missed the fact that this Government have changed the non-dom tax status, which had been used by some of the wealthiest people in our country for many years; we have introduced VAT on private schools; and it is now much more expensive to fly in a private jet than it was under the former Conservative Prime Minister.
As a consequence of the decisions that the Chancellor took at the Budget last year, we have given the largest real-terms increase in spending to Wales since devolution began, and as a consequence of our reforms to the Bill that we will be discussing on Wednesday, we have increased the base rate of universal credit for the first time in many years.
It is extraordinary that the Tories have recovered so quickly from their economic mismanagement that they feel able to stop apologising, and even to offer advice—if only the economic wellbeing of my constituents had recovered as quickly.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree with me that the Office for Budget Responsibility, like economists the world over, finds it easier to measure the economic consequences of funding cuts, such as the proposed cuts to disability benefits, than the economic consequences of investments, such as investing in people getting into work?
This is the first opportunity I have had to congratulate my hon.
Friend on her recent damehood, which is very well deserved.
She invites me to comment on the independent Office for Budget Responsibility’s forecast methodology.
Given its independence, I am afraid I will not to that, but I will point to the fact that in the last forecast, the OBR was able to forecast an increase in growth as a consequence of our reforms to the planning system, which we welcome very much.
Since April, eight companies have personally approached me to tell me that they have either laid people off or have had to close their businesses after decades of trading because of the rise in national insurance contributions.
How many businesses in the Minister’s constituency have told him a similar story?
I will not give a running commentary on my conversations with businesses or constituents in my constituency, but what I have heard from businesses in the defence and infrastructure sectors is welcome news regarding our long-term spending commitments, our reform of the planning system and our commitment to spending more on capital across our country, which will generate good jobs and good skills in every part of the country.
There has been talk about the previous Prime Minister.
As the MP for the constituency where the lettuce that lasted longer than the previous Prime Minister was located, I can confirm that we all know from our constituents that she did more damage.
It is good to hear Conservative Members finally talking about the small businesses that are the backbone of the British economy, rather than worrying about the millionaires.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need to give those businesses even more certainty and confidence about the road ahead?
The EU trade deal that we have done is a brilliant start, but does he agree that there is now a case for also looking at things like alignment by default, so that they can confidently know what kind of future they have under this Government?