It was a pleasure to meet the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents; I think that was way back in February—it was a very cold day in North Yorkshire.
I fully recognise what he says about the mental health and wellbeing impact of some of the crime challenges facing rural communities.
That is why the neighbourhood policing guarantee is so important for areas like the one that he represents.
As I have said a number of times in this House, we support the implementation of the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act, and we plan to bring forward regulations shortly.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the proposed increase to the standard qualifying period for settlement on NHS staffing levels.
This Government recognise and value the contribution that NHS staff make to our country.
That is why, under the settlement proposals in the immigration White Paper, we have made it clear that individuals will be able to reduce the standard 10-year period based on their contributions to the UK’s economy and society.
We will consult on detailed proposals later this year.
These are important changes: we recognise how important this matter is, and we will listen to what people tell us in that consultation.
An impact assessment will be developed alongside any finalised policy.
I have been contacted by constituents working in health and social care in Truro and Falmouth who are concerned about the proposed changes to the standard qualifying period.
Dr Mohamed Abdelazim works as a doctor at the Royal Cornwall hospitals NHS trust and has not quite completed the five-year eligibility period.
He says the policy will directly and severely impact him and hundreds of other frontline workers and that 10 years is a very long time to live on a visa without the security that citizenship would provide.
Will the proposed increase in the eligibility period to 10 years impact my constituents retrospectively, and might they be able to reduce that period based on the contributions that the Minister mentioned?
I understand the concerns raised by my hon.
Friend’s constituents about the impact of the proposals.
They are important changes, which is why we will consult on the proposals and lay out more details later in the year, including on any transitional arrangements.
We understand the importance of clarity and fairness for those already contributing to public services, and we will provide further details in due course.