George is the fifth-generation owner of Knight’s fish and chip shop in Glastonbury.
It is a much-loved business in the town, but it is under severe pressure after the NICs increases and business rates and some of the decisions made by Ministers on our economy.
Hiking national insurance hurts our small businesses and economic growth.
So will the Minister back small businesses by overhauling business rates and scrapping the NICs hike?
The hon.
Lady will know that when the changes in national insurances contributions for employers were implemented, the scheme was designed so as to protect smaller businesses, in relation to bigger business.
She points to our fish and chip shops, which are often beloved in all our communities.
I know from fish and chip shops in my own constituency that the price of fish, for example, has gone from about £100 to £300 a box.
The price of oil has gone up following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and even the price of potatoes has gone up, often because those products are imported from the European Union into the UK.
That is why our trade deal on food and drink with the EU as well as our investment into cheaper renewable energy will make a big difference to fish and chip shops such as the one that the hon.
Lady mentioned.
It is always amusing to hear the shadow Chancellor, who presided over a crisis in the welfare system, complain about this Government’s actions to restore fiscal stability.
It is like listening to an arsonist complaining about the fire brigade.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is difficult to take the Conservatives seriously when they will not tell us what their plans are or even whether they support the spending laid out in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend is right.
If any party on the Opposition Benches wants to be competitive in the next election, it needs to set out what it proposes to do with the country and how it will pay for it.
Time and again, whether it is the Conservative party, Reform UK, the Green party or any other party, it is all promises of jam tomorrow, with no idea about how to pay for it.
The public have been burned by that already because of the last Government, and they will not be burned by it again.
Has the Chief Secretary seen the much longer-term forecasts by the OBR for the growth in public spending and the growth in debt rising to more than 250% of GDP in decades to come and the debt interest rising to 12% of GDP?
Now that there is a gaping hole in the Government’s financial plans because of the votes last week and the U-turns on welfare reform, why does he think that he can play for time, instead of acting to give the markets confidence before they lose confidence?
The Treasury obviously monitors all OBR forecasts and considers them in detail.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, it is right and proper that the Treasury looks at OBR forecasts in an orderly way when it  produces its forecast in line with the fiscal forecast.
That is how we bring stability back to the public finances, and that is what we will be doing.
The Leader of the Opposition has appointed every member of Liz Truss’s Treasury team to her Front Bench, apart from those booted out by the public.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that a party that has no fiscal strategy but to believe “In Liz We Truss” cannot be trusted on any of it?
In a more conciliatory tone to Conservative Members, let me say that they have so few MPs they had no choice.
Since the Budget, some 270,000 jobs have been lost and borrowing is up by tens of billions of pounds.
Just last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility indicated that it will lower its forecast for the second time since the Budget.
Does the Chancellor still have confidence in the OBR, or has she lost confidence in it?
The Chancellor has confidence in the OBR.
The consequences of losing control of the country’s finances, as the Conservatives did, caused real pain and a cost of living crisis for my constituents.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is only because of our sound economic management that we have seen wages rise for working people at a faster rate in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than in the last 10 years of the Conservative Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Whether it is investors, market traders or our constituents, they got sick to the back teeth of chaos under the Conservatives, whether it was the mess of Brexit or the change in Prime Minister and Chancellor every five minutes.
Ultimately, that resulted in a Parliament in which people were worse off at the end of the Conservative Administration than they were at the start, and our mortgages and rents were higher as a cost of the loss of control in the public finances.
This Labour Government will never let that happen again.
A £6 billion hole has been opened up because those on the Labour Front Bench cannot get those on the Labour Back Benches to vote for their own policies.
As a result, No. 10 is today conspicuously refusing to rule out a wealth tax.
If we tell business people and wealth creators that their money will get taxed if they leave it in this country, we drive even more investors away.
Is it not the case that even if this measure is not ultimately put in place, over the next couple of months the speculation about a wealth tax itself will drive investment away from this country?
The hon.
Member knows that the Chancellor will set out any decisions on tax one way or the other in the Budget, which she will do in the autumn.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that this Government have had the courage to make the difficult but necessary decisions in an effort to ensure sound public finances and improve the economy, while the Opposition have hid behind their mistakes and have no credible economic plan of their own?
My hon.
Friend knows that this Labour Government are committed to fiscal and political stability, because that is what matters for family finances and getting this country back on track after years of chaos under the Conservatives.
I find it highly alarming that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury does not seem to realise that the cost of Government borrowing is higher now than at any time since the last Labour Government.
All of this comes back to decisions about spending, so why, when Labour’s manifesto said that it would limit spending increases to £9.5 billion a year, did it increase spending by eight times as much—£76 billion a year—three months later in its Budget?
Because the Conservative party had not done a spending review since 2021 and let inflation go through the roof, and the cost of doing business was higher, along with a whole string of broken promises from the Conservatives.
The sooner they reflect on their mistakes and apologise to the country, the better for all of us.
With major investments announced by this Government that will directly benefit my constituents—such as the lower Thames crossing, Darent Valley hospital and school building renewal—does the Chief Secretary agree that this Government have the fiscal rules in place to provide the economic stability we need to renew our social and economic infrastructure, which was left in a terrible state by the last Government?