Yes, I am very happy to look into that issue and to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it.
He may want to know that the 60 additional officers that are going to be available in his police force area by the end of this year will help to tackle some of the antisocial behaviour involving e-bikes and other vehicles.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
On  7 July 2005 , terrorists attacked London’s transport network at King’s Cross, Russell Square, Edgware Road, Aldgate and Tavistock Square.
Fifty-two people, who were travelling by tube and bus across the capital, never came home.
We remember them and the loved ones they left behind, and all those who faced terrible injuries and endured the trauma of that day, and we remember the incredible bravery and courage of those who responded—the emergency service workers and the fellow passengers who saved lives that day.
In the words of the King, this was an act of senseless evil, but he also reminds us that we must “remember the countless stories of extraordinary courage and compassion” as “the very best of humanity in the face of the very worst.”
I want to thank not just those who responded that day but those who have continued to work tirelessly in the two decades since against Islamist extremist terrorism, against other increasingly complex terror and national security threats, in counter-terror policing, in the security and intelligence agencies, and on prevention.
Most importantly of all, this is about all of us, as we remember how our capital and our country came together across communities and across faiths to ensure that we never let hatred win.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s remarks.
Eastleigh police station was closed in 2019 after 95 years of service.
In 2023, the Hampshire police and crime commissioner promised that a new station would be opening within 12 months, but we still do not have one.
Does the Secretary of State agree that my constituents deserve a new police station?
As the hon.
Member will know, decisions about where police stations are located are for the local force, the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner.
She will welcome the news that Hampshire is getting 65 additional neighbourhood police officers, who will be out on the beat this year as a result of the Government’s neighbourhood policing guarantee.
I  join colleagues in paying tribute to all those affected by the 7/7 attacks.
In Huddersfield, new neighbourhood policing teams are making a difference in restoring safety to our town centres, with 12 additional officers for the team.
I welcome the 6.8% funding uplift received by West Yorkshire police this year, but given the persistent challenges that town centres face—including violent and knife crime, which we have seen in Huddersfield—will the Secretary of State update the House on how the Government will continue to support neighbourhood policing and ensure that forces such as West Yorkshire have the long-term resources that they need to keep communities safe?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need the additional neighbourhood policing in West Yorkshire.
I welcome the 12 additional officers in her constituency, the 100 additional neighbourhood police officers across  West Yorkshire and, of course, the additional police officers in Pontefract and Castleford town centres.
We have made it clear to police forces across the country that the focus this summer needs to be on tackling town centre crime.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s remarks about the terrorist atrocities perpetrated on 7/7.
The 52 victims and their families of course remain in our prayers.
The whole House will want to send thanks to the emergency services for what they did on that day and what they do every day.
It is now clear that the Home Secretary has lost control of our borders.
So far, 2025 has been the worst year in history when it comes to illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
Her claim to be smashing the gangs is clearly laughable.
The French are having almost no effect, despite spending hundreds of millions of pounds, and the press report that not much will change in the negotiations this week.
Returns of small boat arrivals are down, representing only 5% of overall arrivals, so will— Order.
This is topical questions.
You have to help me get the Back Benchers in, but you are not at the moment.
I am sure you are coming to an end now.
I am, Mr Speaker.
Will the Home Secretary finally admit that the only way to fix this situation is for there to be a removals deterrent whereby every single illegal immigrant is immediately removed?
The shadow Home Secretary seems to have forgotten that in the short period for which he was immigration Minister, net migration near-trebled and the number of small boats went up tenfold.
Not only that, but the funding for France that he has referred to was agreed by his Government when he was at the Home Office.
If he really wanted to see serious action against small boats, why did he vote against counter-terror powers for smuggler gangs, against clamping down on illegal working in the gig economy, and against stronger action to stop those dangerous crossings?
The Home Secretary talks about stopping those dangerous crossings, but there have been record numbers on her watch as Home Secretary.
Is the Home Secretary aware of the so-called “Police Anti-Racism Commitment”, which is itself flagrantly racist?
It says that the racial equity commitment means “not…treating everyone ‘the same’ or being ‘colour blind’”.
It says that the police should treat people differently in order to artificially engineer equality of policing outcomes.
Does she agree that that is itself flagrantly racist?
The police should treat everyone the same.
Will she call on the National Police Chiefs’ Council to cancel the commitment?
If it will not, will she legislate to give herself the powers?
As the shadow Home Secretary knows, the police’s oath makes it clear that they have to police without fear or favour, and that is what they do right across the country.
It is a shame that he will not support the police in the difficult job that they do, just as the Conservatives voted against cracking down on off-road bikes, against new spiking and stalking laws, and against respect orders.
They are against supporting our police.
I echo the Home Secretary’s remarks about the 7/7 attacks.
Alcaline Transport in my constituency was fined £10,000 after it reported that a clandestine migrant was found in one of its vehicles.
When will improvements to the clandestine entrant civil penalty scheme be fully implemented, so that hauliers who report issues responsibly are supported, not penalised?