Enabling new refugees to prepare properly for life in the UK will be key to reducing the need for asylum accommodation.
In my constituency we have seen the extension of the move-on period not only giving new refugees much-needed time to make those preparations, but protecting other public bodies such as the local authority from being left to pick up the costs.
We welcomed the news last December of the Government’s decision to trial a longer move-on period for six months, but those six months have now come and gone, and despite numerous requests for an answer, the Government have provided no certainty on whether the trial will be extended.
Can the Minister provide clarity today?
As it happens, I can.
We have extended the move-on trial until the end of the year.
If she will review the temporary worker visa regulations for the fish processing sector.
The seasonal worker route is designed to support the horticulture and poultry sectors, both of which have short-term seasonal production  peaks.
I discussed these issues with the Scottish Minister during my visit to Peterhead fish market in February.
There is not the same evidence of seasonal patterns in the fish processing sector, which would require significant but short-term increases in labour, but I am always happy to discuss these matters with colleagues in the House.
May I begin by acknowledging the passing of a giant of our movement, Mr Alex Sim from Peterhead, whose funeral is taking place at the moment?
On  Wednesday 5 March  the Prime Minister told me from the Dispatch Box, in answer to a question about the fishing industry in my constituency: “We…want to tackle the problems of labour shortages”.—[Official Report,  5 March 2025 ; Vol. 763, c. 280.]
However, it is not just a question of fishing.
Last week, Moray chamber of commerce told me of hospitality sector business closures, in some cases related to the inability to recruit key staff.
Can the Minister tell me what progress has been made in this vital area?
She has mentioned discussions with the Scottish Government, but when will we be informed of sector-specific progress ensuring that these industries, which are crying out for help, receive it?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we work closely on this issue with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but we must also focus on addressing the underlying causes of recruitment problems.
We recognise the position in which some of our fishing communities find themselves in relation to workforce challenges, but the hon.
Gentleman will, I hope, welcome the news that through our new labour market evidence group we will be engaging with devolved Governments in the gathering and sharing of data and evidence on the state of the workforce, on training levels and on participation by all parts of the domestic labour market, so that we have an immigration system that is well informed and works for the whole United Kingdom.
Whether she plans to extend the qualifying settlement period for people with British national overseas visas.
This Government are firmly committed to supporting existing members of the Hong Kong community in the United Kingdom and those who may come here in future.
The new rules on earned settlement will be subject to consultation.
Following that consultation we will outline the way in which the new rules will operate, explaining, for instance, which immigration routes they will affect and when the changes will come in.
Many of my constituents came to the UK from Hong Kong under the BNO visa scheme in search of safety, freedom and opportunity.
They have shared with me their concerns about how the uncertainty involved in the changes in the visa system might affect their future here.
Can the Minister provide reassurance that those on BNO visas, in Milton Keynes and throughout the country, will continue to have security, stability and a clear route to permanent settlement?
My hon.
Friend is a strong and powerful advocate for members of the Hong Kong community in his constituency and throughout the UK.
We recognise those concerns, and we are taking steps to ensure that BNO visa holders have an opportunity to share their views during the consultation on the new earned settlement and citizenship rules.
As I have said, following that consultation the Government will outline the way in which the new rules will operate and the immigration routes that they will affect.
Given the ambitious nature of these proposals, it is essential that we fully understand their impact on all affected groups before making any final decisions.
In the meantime, the current rules for settlement under the BNO route will continue to apply.
Will the Minister clear up, once and for all, the further confusion over the proposed changes to the settlement period from five to 10 years?
Will she clarify for the BNO visa holders living in my constituency whether the changes will be applied retrospectively or only prospectively, and will she confirm that those who are already building their lives in the UK and working in important sectors in my constituency will not see their pathway to settlement unfairly changed mid-journey?
The BNO route reflects the UK’s historic and moral commitment to the people of Hong Kong who chose to retain their ties to the UK by taking up BNO status.
As I have outlined, we will have a consultation.
We will ensure that BNO visa holders have the opportunity to share their views during that consultation, and we will listen to those views very closely.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing in Leigh and Atherton constituency.
The Government are introducing a neighbourhood policing guarantee, which means that all communities will have named and contactable officers from the end of this month, and we are expanding neighbourhood policing, including by delivering 176 new neighbourhood officers this year for the Greater Manchester police force, which covers the Leigh and Atherton constituency.
As a proud Co-op Member, I commend the long-standing campaign for better protections for retail workers.
USDAW’s
National Retail Workers’ Day, which took place this weekend, highlights the essential role that retail plays in all our communities.
Will the Minister join me in thanking retail workers in Leigh and Atherton and across the UK?
Will she commit to strong, visible neighbourhood policing in our towns, which is crucial to protecting them from abuse, to ensure that workers can work safely on the frontline?
I will certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking shop workers in her constituency and right across the country, who were often on the frontline during the covid pandemic.
Sadly, during that period  and since then, they have seen a disgraceful increase in assaults and abuse.
We cannot stand for that, which is why we are not only introducing stronger neighbourhood policing—particularly in town centres—but bringing in the new law on assaults against shop workers as part of the Crime and Policing Bill.
What a shame the Conservative party voted against it.
Whether she has had discussions with the Scottish Government on the national inquiry into grooming gangs.
As the hon.
Member will be aware, child protection and policing are devolved to the Scottish Government.
We regularly engage with them on a range of issues, including the national inquiry into group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse that was announced by the Government.
On  26 June , officials met to discuss the Government’s approach to the national inquiry, its remit and the expectation that relevant findings and lessons learned will be shared with the devolved Administrations, and we will continue to discuss this matter with our Scottish counterparts to ensure a comprehensive UK-wide response.
Senior Scottish advocate Sandra Brown has said that grooming gangs could be operating in every town and city in Scotland.
This scandal affects the whole of the United Kingdom, so when will the Government extend the grooming gangs inquiry to Scotland?
Surely all victims across all parts of the United Kingdom deserve justice.
Of course.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman, but he should take up that issue with the Scottish Government, as it is devolved.
As I have said, we will make sure that all learning is passed on to the devolved Administrations.