Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Carlos Sablan Camacho, the first Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands and a man who has devoted his life to the health and welfare of our island community.
Dr. Camacho was born to Luis Taimanao Camacho and Ramona Sablan Camacho on November 4, 1937, on the island of Saipan, during the Japanese administration.
He witnessed as a child the effects of World War II and particularly the Battle of Saipan in 1944, in which one in ten Mariana islanders lost their life.
For a person in our community, Carlos Camacho had unusual access to education during his formative years.
He completed nine years of schooling in the Marianas, then in 1954 left for the island of Chuuk, where he attended the Pacific Island Central School and studied basic medicine and dentistry.
Two years later, he was recruited to attend the Fiji School of Medicine.
There he received advanced medical training and after six years received a degree to practice medicine.
He returned home to the Marianas and went to work at the Dr. Torres Hospital.
He returned to learning in 1971, when he began work on an advanced degree in Public Health at the University of Hawaii--Manoa.
Signaling his accomplishment, Dr. Camacho was chosen to represent the School of Public Health and the Pacific Islands at the Colorado Medical Center Seminar in 1972.
Upon completion of his studies, he returned from Hawaii and took up work on Saipan as the Chief Medical Officer of the public Health Service.
It was then that Dr. Camacho turned his attention to governance.
In 1976, he was elected to the Congress.
He became President to join the United States as a self-governing Commonwealth, Dr. Camacho was appointed to the convention that drafted the Constitution under which we now live.
When that Constitution first became effective in 1977, Dr. Camacho was elected the first Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands and took office on January 9, 1978.
During his term as governor, Dr. Camacho fought against the implementation of gambling in our islands, was a leading voice protesting nuclear waste dumping in the Pacific, and managed the transition from governance by the United Nations Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands to self-government by the people of the Marianas.
He was a strong advocate for our newly formed Commonwealth government throughout Southeast Asia and the Pacific.
In the capitol of the Nation we chose to join, he forged a special working relationship with U.S. Congressman Phillip Burton, who had been instrumental behind the scenes in negotiating the Marianas Covenant of Political Union with the United States and who won approval for the Covenant in just three days' time here in the House.