Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, South Carolina will always recognize and cherish the dedicated service.
Barbara Nielsen.
She heroically was the first Republican elected State Superintendent in 125 years, in addition to being the first woman.
During her service as a member of the State Senate Education Committee, I know of her relentless devotion that all students can achieve.
Below is the obituary of the historic Sauls Funeral Home recounting her life of December 2, 1942, to September 3, 2024.
She and Dennis are noted for their beautiful Moss Creek home in Bluffton, highlighted by 500-year-old oak trees at the entrance of U.S. Highway 278, which they saved when the highway was widened to eight lanes.
Dr. Barbara Nielsen of Hilton Head Island, SC, passed away on Tuesday, September 3, 2024.
Dr. Nielsen was a shining light in the field of education.
Dr. Nielsen believed fiercely in the God-given potential of every student and dedicated her life to equipping them to reach it.
She never lost faith in the belief of what a great education can bring.
Dr. Barbara Nielsen was the first woman to ever be elected as South Carolina's Superintendent of Education and served two consecutive terms from 1991 to 1999.
During her tenure as superintendent, Dr. Nielsen campaigned for significant legislation on education reform.
Most noteworthy among these were the state's 1998 Education Accountability Act, the law that made possible the state's first full-day kindergarten program, and the legislation that paved the way for the establishment of charter schools in South Carolina.
Prior to her role as superintendent, Dr. Nielsen's career in education spanned three decades as an administrator, an educational consultant, and as a teacher in Louisville, KY and Beaufort, SC.
She held a doctorate degree in educational administration and planning and a master's degree in guidance and counseling from the University of Louisville, and an undergraduate degree from the University.
A multitude of accolades and tributes continue to pour in, reflecting the widespread respect and admiration she garnered over the years.
Among her highest awards were The South Carolina Order of the Palmetto, and she was Commissioned as A Kentucky Colonel.
Even after her retirement, Dr. Nielsen never ceased her efforts in advocacy for students and teachers alike.
In 2023, she notably chaired the state's 17-member Teacher Recruitment and Retention Task Force, a panel dedicated to finding innovative ways to recruit and retain quality educators within the state.
Governor Henry McMaster called Nielsen's death ``a profound loss'' for the state and hailed her as ``a true pioneer and an inspiration to many.''
He said, ``Her commitment to modernizing and reforming our education system transformed the lives of thousands upon thousands of our children.''
Her passion and devotion to family were most important to her.
She was especially proud of her grandchildren and loved every moment she had with them.
Left to cherish our memories of Barbara are her Husband: Dr. Dennis J. Nielsen; her Daughters: Michelle Preli (Evan Sklar) of Brooklyn, NY and Tina Beck (Jamison Beck) of Charleston, SC; her Brothers: Larry Stock (Linn) of Cincinnati, OH, Dennis Stock (Carolyn) of Cincinnati, OH, Tony Stock (Sally) of Cincinnati, OH, and Mike Stock (Becky) of Cincinnati, OH; her Sisters: Judy Forrester of Cincinnati, OH and Patti Reilly (Tim) of Cincinnati, OH, and her Grandchildren: Emmitt Sklar, Ava Sklar, and Jacob Beck.
In lieu of flowers, donations to St. Jude's Hospital would be appreciated.
To plant a beautiful memorial tree in memory.
Barbara Stock (Stock) Nielsen, please visit our Tree Store (<a href='https:// www.saulsfh.com/obituary/DrBarbaraNielsen/1068742/memorial- '>https:// www.saulsfh.com/obituary/DrBarbaraNielsen/1068742/memorial- </a> tree).