Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Maritza Beltran began her professional career in New Jersey, working for Channel 47 Telemundo as the director of advertising and community affairs for New Jersey and Puerto Rico.
Her talent and dedicated led her to excel in Spanish-language media, where she played a crucial role in disseminating information and supporting the Hispanic community.
In Orlando, Maritza became the host of the television program, ``Mundo Mejor,'' broadcast on Cablevision and produced by ABC Channel 9.
As a pioneer of Spanish-language media in Central Florida, her influence and leadership were instrumental in developing and strengthening the Hispanic presence in the region.
Maritza was the producer and host of the morning show, ``Buenos Dias, Buen Dia,'' broadcast by Q Broadcasting for 17 years.
This program stood out for occupying the number one spot in Arbitron radio ratings and for its commitment to the community.
Maritza organized radio marathons for community causes, natural disasters, and the collection of supplies, clothing, and money.
One of her most significant achievements was raising $162,000 in a single day for children with cancer at St. Jude Hospital, making her show the only national radio program to reach this amount.
Additionally, Maritza produced and hosted the radio program, ``Salud al Dia,'' for the Pan American Association of Doctors of Central Florida.
She was the first female anchor for Telefutura/Univision Orlando, where she presented the segment, ``Noticias: Orlando al Minuto.''
In 2010, Maritza faced a brain aneurysm, but with admirable resilience, she underwent two brain surgeries and returned with even greater dedication to community service, grateful for the life that God generously gave back to her.
Maritza is a woman committed to her community, a voice, and a helping hand.
Her favorite words are, ``Si se puede,'' and her motto is, ``God doesn't make little miracles, He makes big miracles, and here you have one... ME.''
As the marketing coordinator for Banco Popular in Orlando, Maritza continued to demonstrate her commitment to the community.
Since 2016, she has served as the executive