Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Miguel Buleje is a respected educator and scholar with a distinguished career in higher education.
As a professor in Florida's Ninth Congressional District, he has made significant contributions to the field of computer sciences, cybersecurity, and technology management.
His commitment to academic excellence and student success has earned him recognition at the institutional and national levels.
With over 10 years of teaching and research experience, he has mentored countless students and published multiple works that have elevated the body of knowledge.
His academic background includes a Ph.D. in computer information sciences from Nova Southeastern University, a Master of Business Administration, a master's in cybersecurity from Florida Institute of Technology, and a bachelor's in computer engineering from Florida International University.
In addition to his academic achievements, Dr. Buleje served as a board member for multiple non-profit organizations, including the National Society of Hispanic MBA's (AKA: Prospanica), where he played a critical role in advancing the organization's mission to ``empower and enable Hispanic professionals to achieve their full educational, economic, and social potential.''
Through his leadership, the organization implemented initiatives that benefit the community with a vision to serve as a catalyst for Hispanics.
Dr. Buleje is also a seasoned technology consultant with experience as a digital transformation agent.
In this capacity, he has advised organizations on technology strategies to safeguard their digital assets, optimize their infrastructure, and navigate the complexities of the technology landscape.
His expertise is highly sought after and has been instrumental in helping organizations in Florida across multiple sectors, including defense, life sciences, simulation & training, and higher education.
In recognition.
Buleje's outstanding contributions to education, public service, and technology, it is fitting that his legacy be honored in the Congressional Record, ensuring that his work will continue to inspire and guide future generations.