Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present Linda Michele Conner of Lufkin, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Her service to the Nation and community speaks to the best.
Michele grew up in Hudson, Texas, and after graduating enlisted in the United States Air Force in Des Moines, Iowa, in March of 1993.
She attended the USAF Basic Military Training School.
Following training, she served in support of Operation Desert Shield/Storm with the Security Forces Military Unit.
She earned the rank of Airman First Class until she was honorably discharged in May of 1996.
She was awarded the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with one Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Force Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and Air Force Training Ribbon.
As a disabled veteran, Michele works tirelessly to give back to her community and the veterans she serves.
She is the go-to person for approximately 4,800 veterans in Angelina County.
She wears many hats, from volunteering with the American Legion, to her career as the Military Veteran Peer Service Coordinator with the Burke Center.
She works to develop and maintain relationships with veteran organizations and local non-profit organizations that assist veterans to develop a network of support and resources to assist homeless veterans and their families who need household assistance/items and repairs.
Michele has opened her home personally to assist homeless veterans.
She works diligently every day to make sure no veteran who crosses her path falls through the system.
Michele promotes camaraderie within veterans through the Valentines for Vets, Donuts with Veterans and the Deep East Texas Stand Down Event.
She volunteers to instill patriotism in her community by coordinating the annual Flag Day ceremony at the VFW Post 1836, and honors freedom and bravery at the Wreaths Across America Ceremony where 1200 wreaths are placed on the graves of local veterans.
Michele has been recognized for her outstanding volunteer service at the local, state, and national level.
It is my honor to award Linda Michele Conner with a Congressional Veteran Commendation from the 17th Congressional District.