Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and honor the life of 
Ms. Norma Valles, a vocalist, businesswoman, advocate, and loving wife and mother from North Texas Norma Valles was born in 1969 in Dallas, Texas, and graduated from Grand Prairie High School in 1987, to then go on to pursue career and family.
She married her husband Alfonso in 1989 and had 3 amazing children.
Her family was the center of her life--she was an amazing mother that did whatever she could to be there for her children and husband at every moment of their lives.
Aside from being an amazing mother and wife, Valles was also an accomplished vocalist.
Known as the ``The Queen of Mariachi Music,'' she captured the attention of countless North Texas Fans, from singing National Anthem at a Mavericks or Texas Rangers game to singing at local weddings.
Her amazing voice led her to showcase her skills in various productions.
She was cast in leading roles in ``The King and I,'' as well as in independent productions like ``Fiestas de Mi Tierra'' and Spanish movies such as ``Yo Soy El Hijo del Michoacano.''
Her vocal skills also landed her numerous opportunities to record voice-overs and jingles for TV and Radio.
She additionally hosted Channel 44's ``Happy Sunday's Variety Show'' and ``Salud Para Usted y Su Familia.''
Valles gave back to the community in numerous other ways.
Norma's vocals left such a deep impact that David Albert wanted to become her mentor.
From that day on, they were a team that just kept on giving.
David brought her into the studio, and they went on to record nine albums plus Si Se Puede CDS to help the Spanish community to learn English.
He asked her to manage Casita Tex-Mex Bar & Grill, which she later became the owner of and is still standing today.
Casita Tex-Mex Bar & Grill had a love for veterans--from welcoming the troops at DFW to now honoring veterans every First Tuesday of the month at Casita Tex-Mex.
Valles also had worked at the Oak Cliff Chamber of Commerce and spent her life involved in various organizations, ranging from the Irving Hispanic Chamber, H100, North Dallas of Commerce, HWNT, Dallas St. Patrick's Day parade, Dia De Los Muertos and so many more.
She also remodeled and fixed up homes across North Texas, later starting her own business and becoming General Contractor for her business NV Contractors Valles will be forever missed by loved ones.
She blessed the lives of many and will continue to bless us with her music and businesses.