Mr. SCOTT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice (NABCJ) on their 50th Anniversary.
The mission of the National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice is to act upon the needs, concerns, and contributions of African Americans and other people of color as they relate to the administration of equal justice.
This milestone of NABCJ advancing justice for 50 years signifies decades of positive change and a commitment to criminal justice as a fundamental aspect of our democracy.
At the heart of NABCJ is its dedicated members, who consist of criminal justice professionals including those in law enforcement, corrections, courts, social services', academia as well as religious and community leaders.
They work diligently to research relevant legislation and focus attention on improving law enforcement and our criminal justice system through evidence-based policies.
Their strong commitment to respect the dignity of all humans contributes to the NABCJ's rich history of excellence and integrity.
The 400 Years African American History Commission, created by Congress in 2017, has been heavily engaged with NABCJ through 11 student chapters of the organization at Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
Additionally, the National Alliance of Faith and Justice, first formed as a committee of the NABCJ, was founded and has successfully grown over the last 20 years.
The establishment of these relationships have helped pave the way for African Americans and other people of color to receive equal justice under the law.
The National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice has a long history of promoting evidence-based strategies that more effectively address crime and keeping America's communities safe.
I was grateful for NABCJ's support of my Youth Prison Reduction through Mentoring, Intervention, Support and Education (Youth PROMISE) Act, which I first introduced in 2007 to help communities develop and implement evidencebased strategies to reduce youth violence and delinquency.
Provisions Justice Reform Act of 2018, and it would not have been possible without the work and support of organizations like NABCJ.