Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mr. John Harris for his incredible contributions to the Central Valley and to wish him a very happy 80th birthday.
A native of Five Points, 
Mr. Harris has dedicated his life to California's agricultural industry.
Following his graduation from Bullard High School, 
Mr. Harris earned a degree in Agricultural Production from the University of California, Davis and served for 2 years as an artillery officer in the U.S. Army.
Mr. Harris returned to his family farm where he would dedicate the next 5 decades to building Harris Farms into one of the largest agribusinesses in the nation.
Mr. Harris and his family's leadership in the agricultural industry spans more than 100 years--a true testament to their commitment to their work and community.
After his father Jack Harris' passing in 1981, John Harris became the owner and Chief Executive Officer.
Under the leadership of his grandfather, father, and now 
Mr. Harris, Harris Farms has become a staple of the Central Valley.
Under 
Mr. Harris' leadership, the family operation has grown to span over 17,000 acres and produces a wide variety of crops annually--including lettuce, onions, garlic, almonds, pistachios, wine grapes, cotton, and citrus.
Perhaps the most well-known undertaking by 
Mr. Harris throughout the Central Valley is Harris Ranch Beef Company, California's largest fed cattle processor that produces nearly 200 million pounds of beef a year.
In addition to its impressive ranch and farming operations, Harris Farms has also become a popular destination for travelers and locals alike with its restaurant, butcher shop, and hotel.
Mr. Harris is also an accomplished horse breeder.
Harris Farms Horse Division has produced numerous champions including Eclipse Award Horses of the Year California Chrome and Tiznow.
Harris Farms has raised and campaigned 100s of top racehorses over the last 60 years.
Mr. Harris has played at a most active role in the California and national racing scene, serving multiple terms as the Chairman of the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, Chairman of the Bay Meadows Racing Association, as well as being on the California Horse Racing Board for multiple terms, being appointed by both Republican and Democratic Governors, and serving as board chair for several terms.
He is also a member of The Jockey Club and has served as a Steward there.
Mr. Harris represents the very best of the Central Valley.
He has grown a small family operation into one of the largest farms not only in California but the nation--all while providing high-quality food products, creating thousands of jobs, and building a welcoming community center for Valley residents.
Mr. Harris is also deeply dedicated to his philanthropic work, having supported critical organizations like the Boys and Girls Club, Boy Scouts of America, and Community Medical Centers for decades.
His contributions to our community will have a lasting impact for generations to come.