The chapter's efforts have positively impacted countless lives,

reinforcing the fraternity's mission to uplift the community.
There are

many buildings and structures named after Omega men on campus and in

Durham to include:

Buildings On NCCU Campus Named in Honor of Omega Men: Farrison-Newton

Communications Building (William E. Farrison); H.M. Michaux Jr. School

of Education Building (Henry McKinley ``Mickey'' Michaux); Dr. LeRoy T.

Walker Physical Education Complex (Dr. LeRoy T. Walker Sr.);
McLendon-

McDougald Arena (John B. McLendon); W.G. Pearson Dining Hall (William

Gaston Pearson); William Jones Building (J. William Jones); A. Leon

Stanback Jr. Legal Clinic Conference Room in Turner Law Building (A.

Leon Stanback Jr.).
Buildings in Durham Named in Honor of Omega Men: William Daniel

(W.D.) Hill Recreation Community Center; Rencher Nicholas Harris

Elementary School; Charles Clinton Spaulding Elementary School; Lucas

Middle School (John Harding Lucas, Sr.,
and House Senator Jennie

Lucas); John H. Wheeler Federal Courthouse; Lowell Siler Administration

Building II Lobby; Carl Dubois Hodges, Sr.
Durham County Cooperative

Extension; Samuel DuBois Cook Center on Social Equity (Duke

University); Dr. J. Randaldo Lawson Community Bench at Hillandale Golf

Course; McDougald Terrace, Durham, North Carolina (Richard L.

McDougald); A. Leon Stanback, Sr.
Middle School, Hillsborough, North

Carolina.
As we celebrate this momentous occasion, we reflect on the rich

history and legacy of the Beta Phi Chapter.
We honor the trailblazers

who laid the foundation for our success and the current members who

continue to uphold the fraternity's values with pride and dedication.
On behalf of North Carolina Central University, we proudly recognize

the Beta Phi Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity as our Centennial

Partner.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SGT.
GARNETT FRANKLIN

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

retired, tenacious, and self-motivated U.S. Army veteran, Sgt.
Garnett

T. Franklin.
Sgt.
Franklin enjoyed a long career in serving and

teaching.
Garnett T. Franklin was born and raised in Mound Bayou, Mississippi.
He graduated from JFK High School in Mound Bayou in 1969.
After high

school, he enlisted in the Army, dedicated over two decades to serving

in the U.S. Army Active Duty as a construction engineer.
His military

service offered many opportunities to serve at various Army bases and

stations, such as Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Fort Campbell, Kentucky,

Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, and Fort Benning, Georgia for Jump School.
He also traveled to Japan, Korea, Belvoir, Germany, and participated in

the Return of Forces to Europe.
He retired at Fort Benning, Georgia in

1993.
After retiring, he relocated back to Mississippi and began teaching

JROTC in Jackson Public Schools, Jackson, Mississippi, which included

Murrah High and Lanier High School.
Later, he returned to Belgium to

join his family and worked with the Department of Defense in Washington

State for 17 years as a fitness specialist at MWR.
Upon returning home to Mound Bayou, Mississippi, he spends his time

volunteering in the community and surrounding areas.
He also volunteers

with a male group of concerned citizens known as the Development

Committee.
This group started by cleaning up the grounds of a long-

standing local service station, cutting grass, pulling vines, and

refurbishing an old neighborhood house.
They also maintain the facility

building and the Taborian Hospital grounds.
Now known as the unofficial

``beautification committee,'' this volunteer group takes pride in

completing various projects around the city.
As the holiday season

approaches, they are preparing by putting up lights and decorations in

the Milburn Crow Memorial Park and on the grounds of the Taborian

Hospital for the entire city to visit and enjoy.
Volunteering in his hometown allows him to give back to the community

and enjoy the pleasures of retired life.
Sgt.
Franklin firmly believes

that the military offers valuable pathways to personal and professional

growth.
His life's path has shown that the military is a great career

starter.