Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor forty years of the

Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club.
Their civic and community engagement has

been a force in south Texas for decades, and I cannot wait to see what

they can accomplish in the future.
Founded in 1984, the Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club has kept a keen

focus on the healthcare of the community.
And that focus has produced

incredible results.
The club's first major initiative, helping Rotary International

eradicate polio, raised more than 100 percent of their chapter goal.
They then raised $125,000 to establish aerobic exercise courts on

several school campuses across the district.
Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club also put on annual screenings for

glaucoma and assisted with Shots Across Texas.
In districts like mine,

such work is extremely important in promoting a healthy community.
They

are also involved in international health projects like building a

clinic in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico.
I applaud them for it.
I also want to take note of perhaps one of their greatest

accomplishments.
The Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club has presented $100,000

for the endowment of Texas A&M International University and another

$100,000 for Laredo Community College.
These funds, which were raised by an annual raffle originally started

to help eradicate

polio, are integral in promoting higher education in south Texas.
The club also presents $1,000 scholarships each year to a graduating

student from all eight of Laredo's high schools.
Mr. Speaker, Laredo has been forever changed by the incredible work

of our local Rotary organization.
It's been an inspiring four decades:

I look forward to their continued work in the local community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for

printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the Congressional

Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 12, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 17

10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine legalized sports gambling.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine a bipartisan path forward for

antitrust enforcement and reform.
DECEMBER 18

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine the climate-driven insurance

crisis.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of James

Bernard Coughlan, of Illinois, Halie L. Craig, of

Pennsylvania, and William Patrick J. Kimmitt, of

Virginia, each to be a Member of the United States

International Trade Commission.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine the RESTORE Patent Rights

Act, focusing on restoring America's status as the

global IP leader.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine trade wars and tariffs.
210-CHOB