Sgt.
Franklin firmly believes

that the military offers valuable pathways to personal and professional

growth.
His life's path has shown that the military is a great career

starter.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Sgt.
Garnett T. Franklin for his passion for leadership, service and

volunteerism to the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF NORMA GRIFFIN

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of

Norma Griffin.
Norma was born in New York City where she was raised with her sister

Rita.
Norma

earned her B.A. from Hunter College and her M.A. from Teachers College

at Columbia University.
She married her husband, Ralph, in 1960 and the

couple moved to California shortly after.
The Griffins settled in

Concord, California where they raised their two sons, Ralph and Steven.
Throughout her life, Norma was deeply committed to her community and

empowering young people.
She was a devoted educator for over three

decades, teaching in the New York public school system, Oakland Unified

School District, Mt. Diablo Unified School District, and overseas in

Japan and France.
On top of her teaching, Norma was also dedicated to

serving her community and was a leader in Contra Costa County.
She was

a founding member of the Black Families Association of Central Contra

Costa County, a member of the Friends of the Concord Library, and

served as president of the American Association of University Women's

Concord Chapter.
Norma received a number of accolades for her

contributions, including the 1995 Mason McDuffie Teacher of the Year

award and being named Woman of the Year for State Assembly District 11

in 2008.
Norma was a multifaceted woman with many interests and hobbies.
She

was a talented musician and was a member of the Schola Cantorum of New

York, Oakland Symphony Chorus, and a piano student at Julliard School

of Music.
She also enjoyed reading, crocheting, and traveling.
She

visited 36 out of 50 states and traveled to six continents.
Sadly, Norma passed away, leaving behind her sons, niece Michelle

Cambridge, cousin Joyce (Edwards) Palmer, longtime friend Cheryl

Hazell-Small, and her godchildren Monique and Shadrick Small.
Norma will be remembered for her courage, kindness, and

determination.
Please join me in honoring Norma Griffin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR.
STEVE E. LANDIN

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the service of Mr.

Steve E. Landin of Laredo, Texas.
A lifelong civil servant, Mr. Landin

has dedicated his career to the people of South Texas.
He began his career with the City of Laredo in April 1990 and

obtained an Associate's Degree in Fire Technology, as well as a

Bachelor's Degree in Finance and Economics with an emphasis in Fire

Administration.
Over the course of his 30-year career with the City of Laredo, Mr.

Landin served as Fire Chief and Emergency Management Coordinator for

twelve years.
He retired from the city in May 2020 and joined Webb County to serve

as Emergency Management Coordinator for two years.
Then, in August 2022, Mr. Landin rejoined the City of Laredo to serve

as Assistant City Manager and Acting Chief of Police.
In his role as an

Assistant City Manager, he oversees more than ten different departments

in his current role.
This makes him one of only 22 people in American history to serve as

both Police Chief and Fire Chief in their community.
He's also giving his expertise back to the community.
Mr. Landin is

an instructor in rescue, EMS, Haz-Mat, Peace Officer, and Fire Service.
He is also a Catholic Deacon.
He serves the Diocese of Laredo at St

Patrick Catholic Church in Laredo.
Mr. Speaker, let us all dedicate ourselves to public service just as

Mr. Landin has.