Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Staff

Assistant/Legislative Correspondent, Erin Dailey, for her work on

behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional

District.
I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Although she was born in Wisconsin, Erin was raised in Minnesota's

Third Congressional District.
After graduating from Armstrong High

School, she attended Wesleyan University, where she played varsity

soccer and received her degree in Government with a minor in Economics

in 2023.
Her experience studying abroad in Amman, Jordan, cemented her

goal to move to Washington, D.C. after graduation and work in the

public sector.
After interning for my office in the fall of 2023, she returned full

time as my Staff Assistant in February of 2024.
Being a constituent

herself, Erin has been a natural at making visitors to our office feel

right at home when they walk through the front door.
From organizing

Donuts with Dean to assisting with D.C. tours, Erin has been a critical

part of my mission of Radical Hospitality.
Her recent promotion to

Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent was an easy decision, as she

has always been happy to handle constituent communications, even during

the most challenging times in our office.
Erin has been an amazing Staff Assistant that always keeps the trains

running on time.
She is full of life, vitality and positive energy.
She

is always looking to help the team and constituents make the best of

their time in D.C. She practices the ethos of Radical Hospitality

regularly to whoever she may meet.
She always is learning and growing

to broaden and develop her skill set even more.
Hiring Erin was one of

the best decisions we've made.
As our final D.C. Staff Assistant, she

is proof that sometimes the best is saved for last.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I

wish Erin all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for her

year of faithful service to this Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 18TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE OF COLORADO

HON.
JASON CROW

Mr. CROW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of the 18th

Judicial District Attorney's Office of Colorado, led currently by

District Attorney John Kellner, and serving Arapahoe, Douglas, Elbert,

and Lincoln Counties.
In January 1962, the 18th Judicial District was established.
Initially comprised of Arapahoe and Douglas Counties, Elbert County was

added in 1965, followed by Lincoln County in 1969.
The 18th Judicial District, with a geographic size larger than the

state of Connecticut, has grown more than any other Colorado judicial

district during that time and now has a population exceeding one

million people.
Within the next decade, Arapahoe County's population is

expected to grow to be the most populous county in the state.
In 2020, the Colorado General Assembly established a new judicial

district.
Next year, Douglas, Elbert and Lincoln Counties will form a

newly created 23rd Judicial District, while Arapahoe County will be the

sole county in the existing 18th Judicial District.
Officials of the 18th Judicial District--prosecutors, victim witness

specialists, support staff, and law enforcement officers--work hard

every day to pursue justice, advocate for victims and support our

community.
As a Member of Congress, I look forward to continuing to

work with our local law enforcement officials to promote public safety.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LAREDO DAYBREAK ROTARY CLUB

HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor forty years of the

Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club.
Their civic and community engagement has

been a force in south Texas for decades, and I cannot wait to see what

they can accomplish in the future.
Founded in 1984, the Laredo Daybreak Rotary Club has kept a keen

focus on the healthcare of the community.