From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BISHOP McDEVITT HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize the Bishop McDevitt

Crusaders on their incredible State Football Championship victory on

December 6, 2024.
The Crusaders prevailed in hard-fought overtime against the Roman

Catholic Cahillites at Cumberland Valley's Chapman Field.
Crusaders'

head coach Jeff Weachter and Quarterback Stone Saunders--bolstered by

the Team's incredible endurance, discipline, focus, and skill--led the

Team to their monumental victory.
After the Crusaders were leading 14-3 at halftime, the Cahillites

rallied to take the lead by 31-28 with just under 6 minutes left in the

fourth quarter.
The Crusaders then tied the game with a field goal

before making a critical defensive stop and sending the game into

overtime.
After halting the Cahillites' offense one last time, the

Crusaders found their way again into field goal position, where Kicker

Aidan Grella solidified the Crusaders' championship--their second in

only three years.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to recognize the Bishop

McDevitt Crusaders Football Team on yet another State Championship

victory, and wish them Godspeed in their individual and Team

aspirations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY LEGISLATIVE AIDE, CAROLINE KENNEY, FOR HER EXCELLENT

WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative

Aide, Caroline Kenney, for her work on behalf of every constituent in

Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
Caroline is a Minnesota native, hailing from the great city of

Minneapolis.
Upon graduating from DeLaSalle High School, she followed

her ambition to Washington, DC, where she attended George Washington

University.
In 2022, she graduated Cum Laude with a bachelor's degree

in political science.
Starting in my office as an intern in her senior year of college,

Caroline quickly stood out as an invaluable asset to the team.
She

envelopes and promotes Radical Hospitality, which made hiring her as

Staff Assistant an easy choice.
As a self-proclaimed animal lover, she

took it upon herself to write a letter to the Smithsonian Zoo and

Conservation Biology Institute about the future of the Giant Panda

Program when its future was still an open question.
This year Caroline

was promoted to Legislative Aide, a position in which she has thrived,

introducing multiple pieces of priority legislation including the Voter

Choice Act and the Porch Pirates Act.
She proudly embodies the

Minnesota spirit and greets all who come to meet with her with warmth

and a friendly smile.
Staff and constituents alike know that Caroline is here for all the

right reasons and is a tireless advocate for those without a platform.
She's a pleasure to work with and our senior staff members certainly

appreciated her keeping them updated on all the latest memes and pop

culture trends.
As an avid watcher of The West Wing, Caroline reflects

that same good faith and passion in everything she does.
Watching her

grow from an intern to an accomplished legislative staffer has been an

absolute joy.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I

wish Caroline all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for

two years of faithful service to this Nation--and many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY STAFF ASSISTANT/LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT, ERIN DAILEY,

FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Staff

Assistant/Legislative Correspondent, Erin Dailey, for her work on

behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional

District.
I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Although she was born in Wisconsin, Erin was raised in Minnesota's

Third Congressional District.