He is also a Catholic Deacon.
He serves the Diocese of Laredo at St

Patrick Catholic Church in Laredo.
Mr. Speaker, let us all dedicate ourselves to public service just as

Mr. Landin has.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF SHANELLE SCALES-PRESTON

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shanelle

Scales-Preston for her decades of service to the House of

Representatives as she departs to begin her new role as a Contra Costa

County Supervisor.
Shanelle has lived in and served the East Bay of California her whole

life.
After graduating from California State University East Bay,

Shanelle worked for Contra Costa County and joined then-Congressman

George Miller's staff, working diligently on behalf of district

residents for more than ten years.
When Congressman Miller retired, I

was thrilled to welcome her onto our office's team.
She has served as

my District Director since 2015, helping lead our efforts in the

district to provide outstanding service to constituents.
Shanelle has also shown unwavering devotion to her hometown of

Pittsburg, California where she resides with her husband, Damon, and

their sons Jaden and Ashton.
She has served on Pittsburg City Council

since 2018, working tirelessly to foster a strong and diverse community

throughout the City.
In this role, she has spearheaded efforts to

expand access to affordable housing, improve public transportation,

empower Pittsburg's youth, and build a vibrant hub in downtown

Pittsburg.
She has been a regional leader, working with a number of key

groups and agencies, serving as the Chair of MCE and TransPlan and

President of the League of California Cities East Bay Division.
On top

of it all, Shanelle is active with several community groups including

the Gateway Rotary Club and Pittsburg Reads initiative.
Shanelle was chosen by the voters to serve as the next Contra Costa

County Supervisor for District 5.
While I am sad to see her go from our

team, I'm confident that in this role, she will continue to be an

effective leader for our County.
It has been a joy to work with

Shanelle throughout the years and I'm incredibly grateful for her

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE WELLINGTON HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM

HON.
GREG LOPEZ

Mr. LOPEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wellington High

School football team for making it to the Colorado 2A State

Championship game in only their third season with a record of 10-3.
The

town of roughly 12,000 residents last had a High School between 1926

and 1964.
Wellington Middle-High School opened in August of 2022,

choosing to honor the previous school's colors and mascot, the Eagles.
The combination of the players' determination and their coaches'

admirable leadership throughout their playoff run culminated into a

remarkable season.
They are great examples of the extraordinary

potential of the young people of Colorado.
I thank the players for setting an example that will serve as an

inspiration for future generations of high school athletes.
They should

all be extremely proud of what they have accomplished and know that

this is just a precursor for the many great achievements each of them

will have in their lifetimes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOHN H. RUTHERFORD

Mr. RUTHERFORD.
Mr. Speaker, due to illness, I was unable to vote in

the first vote series on 12/10/24.
Had I been present, I would have

voted YEA on Roll Call No.
493; YEA on Roll Call No.
494; YEA on Roll

Call No.
495; and YEA on Roll Call No.
496.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BISHOP McDEVITT HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize the Bishop McDevitt

Crusaders on their incredible State Football Championship victory on

December 6, 2024.