served in the American Revolutionary War.
Upon completion of their service, 
Mr. French's descendants settled in Madison County, Alabama.
Growing up in Decatur, Alabama, Bob graduated from Decatur High School in 1952 before attending the University.
Bob knew service to his country was important to him, leading him to attend the United States Military Academy Preparatory School in Newburg, New York.
From there, he attended the University of Alabama where he earned his bachelor's degree and went on to receive his law degree from the University of Alabama School.
Bob went on to serve in the United States Air Force during the Korean Conflict as a communications operator in the intelligence field.
For his efforts, he received three medals and an Honorable Discharge after completing his service.
Bob, using his law degree, has published a multitude of papers in addition to his outstanding accomplishments as a trial Lawyer.
He has tried some of the most famous cases in Alabama history.
Before 2001, Bob maintained a caseload that included more than 100 cases a year.
Perhaps his biggest accomplishment was marrying his late wife, Celeste.
Together, Bob and Celeste raised three wonderful children: daughters Michelle and Tammy, and son Tommy.
Tommy and his wife Sandra Kay are the parents of two grandchildren, Trevor French and Victoria French Ignacio.
Tammy is the mother of Bob's third grandchild, Katie Prewitt.
Bob and Celeste were dedicated members of the First Baptist Church.
For 36 years, Bob taught a bible class at the church that consistently saw more than 100 members attend.
Bob's call to be a spiritual guide to others was realized when he began teaching a college-level class on spiritual development.
Guiding those who took his class by proclaiming the teachings of Jesus Christ led Bob to complete a six-volume work expanding on the Gospels found in the Bible.
As counsel to the DeKalb County Board of Education, Bob was lead counsel in America's foremost school prayer case.
The United States Supreme Court decided this case, which allowed student-initiated prayer in public schools.
Bob has received numerous awards through his church, civic organizations, his profession, and other organizations.
I am honored, not only to represent, but to also recognize such an incredible individual and great American.
He is a shining example of the accomplishments that can be realized when life is built on hard work and great faith.
This Nation is blessed by men such as Robert B. French, Jr. and we as a Nation are thankful for his dedication to making Alabama and the United States a better place to live.
We wish him many, many years of success and congratulate him on his retirement.