Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Santa Clara County Supervisor Cindy Chavez, who has dedicated her career to serving the residents of District 2 in Santa Clara County.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez represents approximately 500,000 individuals in one of the most densely populated areas of our county.
Sworn into office in August 2013 after a special election, Supervisor Chavez has been re-elected twice.
She has been committed and effective in her leadership.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez was a leader in the establishment of the Children's Health Initiative and helped champion efforts that resulted in the County of Santa Clara to become the first county in the nation to assure health care for every child living in the County.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez has made significant strides in ensuring that Santa Clara County remains an affordable, safe, and engaging community for all.
Her leadership on the CalTrain Board of Directors has been pivotal in advancing the electrification of CalTrain and planning for a highspeed rail.
A commissioner on the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and a board member of the Valley Transportation Authority, she actively addresses regional transportation needs.
In 2016, she led Measure A, a landmark $950 million housing bond that has funded nearly 5,000 units of affordable housing, prioritizing vulnerable communities in Santa Clara County.
Additionally, Chavez is a statewide leader, championing programs for survivors of sexual assault and human trafficking, securing a 400 percent increase in funding for essential services for survivors.
She has tirelessly worked to expand public services and create community partnerships, including the establishment of the Vietnamese American Service Center, the first of its kind in the Nation.
In closing, Supervisor Cindy Chavez exemplifies public service through her dedication to improving lives in Santa Clara County.
Her innovative policies and advocacy have set a standard for community leadership, making her a vital asset to our community, addressing pressing social issues.
It has been a privilege to work alongside her, and I am proud to call her my friend.