Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present retired USAF Master Sergeant Bobby Dean Broneske, of Huntsville, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His servant's life reflects the hard work and dedication that exemplifies the best of our East Texas values.
Bobby Broneske entered active duty in Boston, Massachusetts in February of 1981 at eighteen years of age.
Bobby served honorably through peacetime and a lengthy and volatile period in the Gulf War including Operation Desert Storm, Operation Desert Shield and the Liberation.
Bobby is a highly decorated airman.
Bobby was trained and served as an Electronic Warfare Systems Craftsman, and during the Gulf War, he operated from Kuwait and Saudi Arabia ensuring the safety and effectiveness of aircraft, their crews and completion of their missions guiding their every move.
Bobby was required to operate at a technically high level operating sophisticated systems given the precision and coordination of coalition forces and their individual missions.
This element was critical for success and Bobby and his fellow airmen performed admirably allowing the U.S. and Coalition Forces to attain their objectives with great and quick success.
In his twenty years of service, Bobby completed Basic Training, the NCO Orientation Course and the NCO Academy.
Through service and combat duty, Bobby was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal with one device, Air Medal, Aerial Achievement Medal with 13 devices, Air Force Longevity Service Award with four devices, Air Force Training Ribbon, Southwest Asia Service Medal with three devices, Armed Forces Service Medal, Air Force Overseas Short and Long Tour Ribbons with one device, National Defense Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal with two devices, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon with one device, Combat Readiness Medal with three devices, NCO Professional Military Education Ribbon, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal with one device (Provide Hope)(Provide Promise), NATO Medal, Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait), Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia), Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with Valor with seven devices, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air Force Good Conduct Medal with five devices, and the Meritorious Service Medal.
After retiring from the Air Force, Bobby continued his service to his brothers and community by serving on the New Hampshire Veteran Advisory Board and after working his way up, he served as Commander of the Combat Veteran Motorcycle Association (CVMA).
Eventually Bobby made his way to Texas as fast as he could and currently serves as Commander of the local chapter of the Combat Veteran Motorcycle Association.
Bobby also serves as an officer with VFW Post 5871, board member for the H.E.A.R.T.S. Veterans Museum and makes himself available to any local Veterans advocacy groups raising money and helping to achieve their goals.
When a Veteran calls, Bobby is there and takes them to the doctor's office or provide emergency funds, Bobby finds a way.
It is with this level of loyalty and care for his fellow man and Veteran brothers, that I proudly commend retired USAF Master Sergeant Bobby Dean Broneske of Huntsville, Texas to his friends, family, and colleagues, and salute his service to the Air Force, and Walker County by awarding him the 2024 Congressional Veteran Commendation.