Mr. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the dedicated career of 
Mr. Grady Bourn as he embarks on his well-deserved retirement after 25 years of exemplary service in the United States House.
As my Legislative Director, Grady has been a cornerstone of legislative expertise, driven by an unwavering passion for improving the lives of everyday Americans during his many years in my office.
Grady began his journey on Capitol Hill a quarter of a century ago in the office of former House Appropriations Chairman Jerry Lewis.
From there, his tireless dedication to integrity and even-keeled leadership brought him to my team, where he has been an indispensable asset.
I have been blessed to call Grady a part of Team Carter, and his profound influence on my legislative agenda has been felt across a wide range of issues.
As Legislative Director, Grady has been instrumental in shaping our efforts to pass high-quality legislation that protects the homeland, stands up for America's veterans, and upholds the rule of law.
His contributions have directly improved the lives of Americans from all walks of life.
His commitment to ensuring the success of every policy detail has been nothing short of remarkable.
Beyond his legislative prowess, Grady's leadership and mentorship have left an indelible mark on those fortunate enough to work with him.
His steady guidance has not only influenced my staff but also touched staff members across the House, regardless of political affiliation.
His dedication to nurturing the next generation of public servants will undoubtedly leave a legacy in the halls.
As Grady embarks on this new chapter in his life.
I want to express my deepest gratitude for his immense contributions to Team Carter and to the United States House.
His service, leadership, and dedication to excellence will be remembered long after his departure.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I extend my heartfelt thanks to 
Mr. Grady Bourn for his 25 years of distinguished service, and I wish him all the best as he enters a well-earned retirement.
His dedication to public service will be greatly missed by all who had the honor of working alongside him.