Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present Earnest Wayne Barron, of Huntsville, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His servant life reflects the hard work and dedication that exemplify the best of our East Texas values.
Earnest Barron entered active duty at Corpus Christi, Texas, in April of 1966 at twenty years of age.
Earnest served with honor during the Vietnam War, setting the stage for a life of hard work and service to his family, country, and veteran brothers.
Earnest served for four years overseas in the Vietnam War, first as a combat medic in country and then on board the USS Repose, which was used as an offshore hospital to treat those with the worst injuries, including soldiers and civilians.
He was a dependable, trustworthy, and resourceful Corpsman, all hallmarks of what the Navy needed for this duty.
With a compassionate heart, Earnest learned to be a skilled first responder in a combat environment.
He saw the worst of the worst but kept his wits while serving to assist some of the best medical professionals in getting our soldiers well.
Earnest completed Basic Military Requirements to be a Hospital Corpsman, trained for Petty Officer 2nd and 3rd Class, was professionally recommended for Hospital Corpsman 3rd Class, completed the Military Leadership Class for E-4/5 status, ECC for Hospital Corpsman, and Navy Hospital `A' School.
Petty Officer Barron was rewarded many times and recognized by earning the National Defense Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with one Bronze Star, and the Vietnam Campaign Medal.
After serving in Vietnam, Earnest married Donna, and in his professional career, he has worked for Armco Steel, the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, the University of Texas Medical Branch, and for Carnes Funeral Home through his business, First Call Mortuary Transport, which transported bodies across Texas and the rest of the Nation, upholding the last wishes and requests of families of the deceased with great care.
In retirement, Earnest is a member of VFW Post 5871, serves as a trustee at his church, and still serves as a valued volunteer at the H.E.A.R.T.S. Veterans Museum.
There, he still maintains the title of `most favored' tour guide, doing his best to go above and beyond in helping visitors understand what it was truly like to serve.
The children especially love his tours as he dresses them up in helmets, vests, and unique wooden `weapon' replicas he had made for a more authentic experience.
Earnest is also the museum photographer and videographer and has spent many years capturing the stories of veterans that visit the museum.
As Earnest gives precious time at the museum, he and Donna make time to give back to their community with needs outside known to go above and beyond for his neighbors in need, delivering groceries and necessities when he finds out they have none.
It is with this level of care for his fellow man that I proudly commend Earnest Wayne Barron of Huntsville, Texas, to his friends, family, and colleagues, and salute his service to the Navy and Walker County by awarding him the 2024 Congressional Veteran Commendation.