As part of the usual Government-to-Government engagement, the Prime Minister’s BIOT envoy, Jonathan Powell, met PM
Ramgoolam in late November to start the process, and that was followed last week by a visit to Mauritius by the UK’s chief negotiator Harriet Mathews and other officials for the talks.
Those talks were productive, and it is completely understandable that the new Mauritian Government will want time to study the details.
It would not be appropriate or usual for me to give a running commentary on what was discussed during routine and private engagements, nor on any potential future engagements.
I am confident, however, that we have agreed a good and fair deal that is in both sides’ interests.
It protects the base at proportionate cost; it has been supported across the national security architecture in the United States and by India for those very reasons.
As I have said a number of times in this House, the treaty will contain clear commitments on robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands and ensuring the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
The agreement is subject to finalising a treaty.
Following signature, the Government will bring forward a Bill to enable implementation of that treaty.
Both Houses of Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise that treaty before ratification.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Once again Ministers have been reluctantly dragged to the House—in fact, I have just seen the Foreign Secretary leg it.
In a world of increasing danger, change and uncertainty, why are they so keen to surrender this strategic asset?
We have been repeatedly told by Ministers that this is a good deal and that it has the support of the national security apparatus—we keep hearing that, but where is the evidence to justify those hollow claims?
If the deal is so good, why have the Government been so secretive about the details?
Can the Minister explain?
I am sorry that the Foreign Secretary has abandoned the House and not even come to this statement, because yet again we are responding to media reports.
Can the Minister confirm that we will be able to extend the lease on the military base after 99 years, as reported?
Will we  and the US still have full autonomy of operations?
What safeguards will be in place to stop other countries, including China, trying to establish themselves on the base or near the military base on Diego Garcia?
How much is the British taxpayer going to be liable for each year and in total over 99 years, now that we know we will be paying for the privilege of giving away these islands?
What exactly is our money going to be paying for?
The Government claim that they cannot disclose information about the lease, but surely the Minister can at least say—explain and be honest—where on earth the budget is coming from.
If it is accounted for in the Budget forecast presented in the autumn—we all heard about those Budget forecasts recently—will the Minister tell us what the funding will be for the economic partnership and the trust fund for Chagossian people?
Can the Minister also tell us what aspects of the deal the new Mauritian Government want reconsidering in the response?
What consideration is being given to provide more funding or to weaken any protections that may be in this lease?
Importantly, can he explain why the views of the Chagossian community have been so ignored?
When the whole world can see that this proposed deal was falling apart, the Foreign Secretary and this Government have tried to flog it constantly.
Not only is this a monumental failure of statecraft from this Labour Government, but it is also a significant humiliation for the Foreign Secretary and his credibility and for the Prime Minister.
Why are Labour putting our security at risk, ignoring Chagossians, and letting our standing go into freefall in this world?
I remind Members that these contributions should take no longer than two minutes.
We are absolutely not damaging our security; we are protecting it through this deal, and that is why this deal has been agreed—to protect the operation of that base; to protect it against the legal uncertainty; and to ensure it is on a safe footing well into the next century.
The right hon.
Lady constantly refers to our somehow giving up the base on Diego Garcia, but the deal does exactly the opposite—[Interruption.]
It protects the base on Diego Garcia.
[Interruption.]
It protects the base to continue operating—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Gemmell, we had enough all the way through Prime Minister’s questions.
If I hear any more, you are out.
I seriously mean that; I am not putting up with it.
The right hon.
Lady constantly talks as if somehow we are giving up the base on Diego Garcia.
That is the exact opposite of what this deal does—unlike the failure to secure the deal under the last Administration, which I might remind the House went through 11 rounds of negotiations yet failed to secure a deal to protect our base.
This deal protects the base.
The right hon.
Lady asked a series of other questions.
She asked whether we would be able to extend the lease, and the answer is yes.
Would we continue to have autonomy for our operations and those of our allies?
Absolutely, yes.
Are there safeguards in place to prevent foreign forces or others on the outer islands?
Absolutely, yes.
I have answered the questions on costs a number of times in the House.
We are very clear that it is not normal practice for the United Kingdom to confirm the value of its payments for military bases anywhere across the globe.
We have not done that in the case of any other base, such as the one in Oman, and the United States itself has not confirmed the value of its direct payments for bases, including in Djibouti and the Marshall Islands.
The right hon.
Lady spoke about the Chagossians and, having engaged with Chagossian communities over many years, I am confident that this deal has clear benefits for Chagossian communities and will allow the resettlement of the outer islands and the restarting of visits.
She also mentioned the trust fund.
The right hon.
Lady referred to media reports, and there is a huge amount of speculation.
Let us get back to the actual facts.
The Mauritian Prime Minister himself has confirmed to his Assembly that he is willing to conclude this deal with the United Kingdom.
Those are the facts, and we will protect our national security and our interests.
Under the Mauritian criminal code, anyone who questions the integrity of Mauritian territories, including the Chagos archipelago, is potentially subject to 10 years’ imprisonment.
Most British Chagossians have, at one time or another, effectively given that level of disconsideration to the Mauritian Government.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Mauritian Government to ensure that this part of the code is removed so that it is possible for British Chagossians to visit Chagos, in the event that the deal goes through?
As I said, we take the interests of Chagossian communities incredibly seriously.
The deal provides for Chagossians to return to the outer islands and to resettle them if Mauritius decides to pursue a programme of resettlement.
Most importantly, we will get on with getting those visits going so that they can go back and visit the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate protections in place.