Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Violence against women and girls takes many forms—verbal, physical, emotional, financial—and at all ages, but one of the most insidious forms is online abuse.
With technology developing faster than legislation can respond, the ways it is being used, such as deepfakes, are also developing faster than legislation can respond, and the use of generative AI to create fake intimate images leaves many women vulnerable.
I know the Minister cares deeply about this, so can she tell us what steps the Government will take to ensure that it is tackled properly?
Will she work with Cabinet colleagues to create a new online crime agency to deal with that threat?
Funnily enough, I am meeting Cabinet Office colleagues later today to talk exactly about how we ensure the violence against women and girls strategy is across different Departments.
Without doubt, one of the most important pillars of that strategy is how we will deal with the online harms.
We all wait with bated breath to see how the legislation and the new regulations play out, but we will not draw the line at the legislation that already exists, and where we need to adapt, we will.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
Conversion practices are abuse.
They have no place in society and must be stopped.
The Conservatives promised to ban conversion practices six years ago and failed to deliver.
They then dropped it from their manifesto this summer.
We are getting on with the job and working hard on legislation to deliver a trans-inclusive ban that offers protection from those harmful practices, while preserving the freedom of individuals to explore their identity and respecting the important roles of those supporting them.
We will publish our draft Bill later this Session, as outlined in the King’s Speech.
Conversion practices trade and prosper on fear, prejudice and intolerance.
Charities in Weston-super-Mare and across this country do amazing work to bring communities together to promote tolerance and tackle prejudice.
Will the Minister outline what support the Government are providing to help charities deliver that vital work in constituencies like mine?
My hon.
Friend is right that civil society plays a unique role in challenging prejudice and enabling more people to access the opportunities they deserve.
A good example is Galop, the UK’s leading LGBT+ anti-violence charity, which provides a number of Government-funded support services, including on conversion practices.
Its helpline is confidential and available to anyone who is at risk of, is experiencing or has been through a conversion practice.
Last week, I held a meeting in Parliament with a panel of trans people talking about their experiences of so-called conversion therapy, and their evidence was harrowing.
I thank the MPs and the Minister who attended that meeting to listen to them.
I am leading on a report for the Council of Europe to ban those abhorrent practices across Europe, and I am pleased to hear from the Minister that we will soon be setting out the legislation.
Will the legislation be fully inclusive, without any exceptions, so that we can refer to it as best practice for all countries to use?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work in this field, including on the Council of Europe.
I can assure her that we will deliver on our manifesto commitment to bring forward a full trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, protecting LGBT+ people from abuse.
We are committed to listening to all viewpoints and concerns with respect, and to engaging with a wide range of stakeholders, organisations and all LGBT+ communities.
I was very pleased to join her at the event she mentioned.
We will engage further with parliamentarians and stakeholders in the new year.
The previous Government committed to a parent-first approach to guidance.
As part of the Government’s review of the statutory relationships, sex and health education guidance, will the Minister make it clear that parents should be involved in decisions that affect their children, including if their children are gender-questioning?
As the hon.
Lady will be well aware, we are looking at the consultation responses and will respond fully as is appropriate.
In rolling out any legislation, will the Minister ensure that mature adults who, of their own volition, want to take part in discussions of gender issues in faith-based settings will not be restricted or inhibited from so doing?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are looking carefully at how to describe the sort of behaviour that would not be criminalised by the ban.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against ethnic minority people.
The Government are committed to breaking down the barriers of opportunity for all, and to race equality throughout Government, so that our missions deliver for everyone.
We are working on our plans to legislate to introduce mandatory ethnicity pay group reporting for large employers, and to enshrine in law the right to equal pay for ethnic minority people.
Those measures were announced as part of the draft Equality (Race and Disability) Bill, on which we will consult early next year.
I commend the Government for their commitment to tackling discrimination by introducing ethnicity pay gap reporting for large employers, for example.
Nearly 80% of my Ilford South constituents are from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds, and the community is disproportionately impacted by conditions such as diabetes.
What are the Government doing to tackle health inequalities and disparities among minority ethnic individuals?
My hon.
Friend raises a vital issue on behalf of his constituents.
The cross-Government approach that we are taking to tackle the root causes of health inequalities is central to our health mission, and includes prioritising prevention and shifting care closer to communities.
On type 2 diabetes, the NHS has developed a focused engagement campaign to raise awareness among groups that are most likely to develop that condition.
He may wish to connect with that campaign.
I wish you a merry Christmas and a good new year when it comes, Mr Speaker.
I was astonished that the vacillating Prime Minister did not take the opportunity to definitively rule out blasphemy laws, which have no placed in modern British society.
This is the land of “Monty Python’s Life of Brian” after all.
Will the Minister take the opportunity to do what the Prime Minister would not by completely ruling out the introduction of blasphemy laws?
Yes.