The Foreign Secretary told this House on  7 October  that his deal is in the UK’s “security interests”.
The chaos we have seen since then does nothing to assure our allies or to repel our enemies.
In retrospect, does the Minister think it was wise to announce an agreement just weeks before elections in Mauritius and the US?
Does he agree it would be wise for any future agreement to come before this House for scrutiny and a vote before signature?
It is important that any agreement complies with the opinion of the International Court of Justice, but self-determination remains an important principle, too.
Now that negotiations have reopened, can the Minister say how the Chagossian people will be represented in those talks?
A court ruled this week that Tamil asylum seekers were illegally detained, in terrible conditions, on Diego Garcia.
Will the Minister apologise for their treatment  and assure the House that the camp in which they were held is now closed for good?
As I have repeatedly said in this House, the interests of the Chagossians have been absolutely at the heart of this deal, and I am sure they will be confident that there are a number of provisions that will satisfy the concerns that Members are raising in good faith, and that Chagossians have raised with me directly.
This was a treaty negotiation between the United Kingdom and Mauritius.
The hon.
Gentleman is aware of the ICJ judgment, and I will let him read that in his own time.
The hon.
Gentleman specifically asks about the situation of the migrants, and we recognise and are carefully considering this week’s judgment, but I make it clear that this Government inherited a deeply troubling situation that remained unresolved under the last Administration, four years after the migrants’ arrival on Diego Garcia.
I believe that the shadow Foreign Secretary was Home Secretary when the migrants first arrived, and the situation went unresolved.
We were absolutely clear that the situation was unsustainable, and we worked at pace to resolve it.
We will carefully consider the judgment of that court.
Those of us who have spoken to the American military know the importance of this base.
Will the Minister confirm that he said that, since the agreement was announced, the American military and security services have raised no concerns with this Government?
Yes, indeed.
As far as I am aware, that is the case.
In fact, the opposite is true.
There has been a warm welcome for this agreement from across the United States security apparatus because it puts this base and our shared operations on a secure footing into the future.
I remind the House again that that is the very reason why this Government acted and, indeed, why the previous Foreign Secretary started the process in the first place, so we are told.
Let’s go over to James Cleverly, then.
Will the Minister answer this with a simple yes or no?
Did the Prime Minister,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , have any conversations with Philippe Sands KC about Diego Garcia without the presence of Foreign Office or other Government civil servants?
Yes or no?
I do not have details of all the Prime Minister’s meetings.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman can ask the Prime Minister that question himself.
For those of us who have served for the US military, who retain genuine and close links with the US military, and who know that this issue does not bring about the concern that others are trying to conflate with it, will the Minister say what his view is on how it is seen by our US military friends?
I praise my hon.
Friend for his service and work.
I am very clear: our allies in the United States and, indeed, our other allies who rely on   the important guarantees that the base provides are supportive of the deal.
It has been supported across the security apparatus at every level and that is absolutely crucial.
We would not have signed up to a deal if it did not protect our interests and those of our closest ally.