Before the election, this Prime Minister said he would lower energy bills by £300.
Since he took office, they have gone up by £149.
He said he would protect the winter fuel payment, but now he is in power he has stripped it off our pensioners.
And he lined up for many photos with WASPI women, saying he would have their backs, and he has just betrayed them in the most scandalous way possible.
This is now the defining characteristic of this one-trick phony Prime Minister who says one thing and does another.
In Scotland, the SNP is 16 points ahead in the polls.
Does he understand why the people of these islands, especially those of us in Scotland, treat him with such contempt?
Scottish National party Members used to ask those questions from an area that contained a great many MPs not so long ago, but all that changed  in July.
Now the hon.
Gentleman is carping right up there at the back, and we can hardly hear him.
Let me first wish you, Mr Speaker, all Members on both sides of the House and especially the House staff a very merry Christmas.
Let me also associate myself with those who have thanked our emergency services and armed forces for their service.
Christmas is a time for peace and good will.
Given that there are more conflicts now than at any time since world war two and that all wars end with a peace, what is the Prime Minister’s resolution to work with others for a more peaceful world in 2025?
I am sure that colleagues on both sides of the House support the values of the International Association of Parliamentarians for Peace—with which I know my hon.
Friend is involved—and its work to support human rights across the globe.
That, I think, is the sentiment that we take into this festive period.
It was good to hear that the Prime Minister visited British soldiers in Estonia yesterday, before they have to spend Christmas away from their families.
We would all like to see a lasting peace emerge for Ukraine in the new year, but Putin may take any deal brokered by Trump as a break in which to re-equip and rearm.
What will the Government do to deter Russia from restarting its imperial war of aggression following any peace deal?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his appointment to the Intelligence and Security Committee, and thank him for raising the question of our troops in Estonia, who, as he says, will be there over Christmas without their families.
They are right on the frontline, with a very clear sense of purpose, as part of our NATO contingent, and we thank them.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we must continue to support Ukraine—that was the subject of our discussions in Estonia yesterday—and ensure that it is put in the strongest possible position, whether in negotiations or not.
We must also make it absolutely clear that this conflict could be ended straight away if the aggressors, Russia, backed off.