The Prime Minister did not answer the question because he does not know the answer.
There are 850,000 eligible pensioners not claiming pension credit.
If they sign up, that will cost the Treasury £2.3 billion, wiping out the savings that the Chancellor claimed she would make.
Before the election, the Prime Minister’s Chief Secretary to the Treasury told the  public that Labour had no plans to cut winter fuel payments, but they did have plans, didn’t they?
Age UK says: “Cutting the Winter Fuel Payment, with very little notice…will potentially jeopardise the health, as well as the finances, of millions of older people”.
Does the Prime Minister agree with Age UK that this is the last thing that pensioners and the NHS need?
We have been driving take-up with the campaign for pension credit.
It is important that everyone who is entitled to it claims that pension credit.
The Leader of the Opposition should not claim as some great victory that the record of her Government was that people had not signed up.
We are the ones with the campaign, and the Tories should be supporting it.
Because of the triple lock, pensions will be going up by £470 next April.
She has not answered the question.
Her shadow Chancellor says that the triple lock is “unsustainable”, so she needs to explain how pensioners would be worse off under a Tory Government.
Order.
It is Prime Minister’s questions.
We protected the triple lock during all our time in government.
Meanwhile, energy bills are increasing, despite the Prime Minister’s promise to cut them by £300.
In Scotland, his party leader wants to restore the winter fuel payment.
Across England, councils are scrabbling together funds for struggling pensioners.
The tragic reality this Christmas is that pensioners will suffer and may even die as a result of this cruel policy.
Did the Chancellor consider the impact on councils and on the NHS, or does she just not know what she is doing?
The household support fund was set out in the Budget, as the Leader of the Opposition knows.
We are pushing up pension credit.
She now says that the Conservatives are committed to the triple lock.
Her shadow Chancellor says that they are not and that it is “unsustainable”.
Perhaps over a sandwich or a steak they could sort it out and come back and tell us what their policy actually is.