The right hon.
Gentleman talked of singing; there were carols outside our front door on Monday, and my family were surprised to see him shamelessly plugging his song.
We have strict rules about antisocial behaviour, but in the spirit of the season, I simply say, “Happy Christmas”.
I wish the Prime Minister a happy Christmas.
I thank him for allowing the young carers choir to sing outside No. 10, and I hope that he and the staff enjoyed it.
Our song is called “Love is Enough”, but the hard truth is that for many young carers and young adult carers, love is not enough.
These amazing young people need real action to help them with the challenges that they face.
In addition to the measures that the Prime Minister just talked about, will he support the Carers Trust’s young carers covenant, to ensure that, across local authorities, we give these young people all the support that they deserve?
We should support these young people, and we continue to work across the sector to ensure that all schools identify, support and record data on young carers.
We boosted the carer’s allowance in the Budget.
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman on those young carers.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks and wish everyone a very happy Christmas, but for many of those in temporary accommodation in my constituency and across the country it will not be a happy Christmas.
On the Tories’ watch, temporary homelessness more than doubled, so what are the Government doing to support families and children living in temporary accommodation, particularly this season?
My hon.
Friend is right about the appalling inheritance, which included record numbers sleeping rough and almost 160,000 children living in temporary accommodation.
We are delivering nearly £1 billion to councils to tackle homelessness, including increasing funding in Bolton over the next year.
That includes dedicated support with housing, mental health and employment.
We are also committed to tackling the root causes, which is why we are building 1.5 million new homes and abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions—something the Conservatives said they would do and repeatedly failed to.
In 2022, the Prime Minister supported calls for fair and fast compensation for 1950s women impacted by the changes to the state pension.
Yet, just yesterday, his Government rejected those same calls out of hand.
Is that what the Prime Minister meant when he promised to lead a Government of change?
This is a serious issue.
Between 2005 and 2007, there was a 28-month delay in letters to women born in 1950s about changes to pension age—that was unacceptable, and it was right that the Government apologised.
In 2011, the former Chancellor George Osborne then accelerated those changes with very little notice.
That, equally, was unacceptable, and Labour opposed it at the time.
[Interruption.]
It is a serious issue, and a complex one.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the research shows that 90% of those impacted  knew about the changes that were taking place.
I am afraid to say that the taxpayer simply cannot afford the tens of billions of pounds in compensation when the evidence shows that 90% of those impacted knew about the changes.
That is because of the state of our economy.
Recent data shows that almost 11,000 Scots have been waiting more than two years for hospital treatment since their referral.
The equivalent number in England is around 113.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that shows the catastrophic damage the SNP Government have done to the Scottish NHS?
My hon.
Friend is right that the SNP is letting down patients in Scotland.
As the Scottish Auditor General says, “greater leadership” is needed in the Scottish NHS.
Waiting list targets are being missed, spending on agency staff is skyrocketing, and delays to patient discharge are hitting record levels.
[Interruption.]
SNP Members seem to be proud of that appalling record.
We have provided the money, and they have the powers—they have run out of excuses.
Since the summer, thousands of commuters using Harlington and Flitwick stations have had to put up with nearly 8% of trains being cancelled in the evening peak, while nearly a third of trains that do arrive are more than five minutes late.
Is it a mere coincidence that such poor performance follows this Government’s decision to pay off their union backers with no strings attached?
The trains and all travel were in an appalling state under the previous Government, and we are clearing that up.
We are fixing it, and the hon.
Gentleman should welcome that.
The parliamentary ombudsman concluded that an injustice was done to 1950s-born women and ruled that they are owed compensation, and asked Parliament to intervene to deliver justice.
I have more than 5,000 women affected in my constituency.
Alongside a great many Members in this House, I believe these women are owed compensation for the injustice done to them at the hands of the state.
Will the Prime Minister give Members the opportunity to vote on whether they believe WASPI women are owed compensation?
I have just set out the factual background and the percentage who knew about the change.
The simple fact of the matter is that in the current economic circumstances, the taxpayer cannot bear the burden of tens of billions of pounds in compensation.
[Interruption.]
Opposition Members are chuntering away, but, in 14 years, they accelerated the changes and never once spoke about compensation.
My constituents Caroline and Savannah are just two of thousands across Devon, Cornwall and beyond who are living with postural tachycardia syndrome and have been unable to access adequate treatment since the retirement of the only consultant available to work with them in July.
What actions can the Prime Minister take to help me secure the treatment that my constituents need, and will he agree to meet me and them to discuss the treatment of POTS in more detail?