The Prime Minister gets this.
As a former director of a critical public service, he knows that reform is vital, and so does the Deputy Prime Minister, having worked on the frontline as a home care worker, seeing the human impact every single day.
I am proud to have public service and local government in my blood too.
That is why I take the responsibility to lead the Government’s work to rebuild the sector with the seriousness that is due and the urgency that is required.
The work has already begun, and today marks a major milestone in our mission to rebuild local government and put councils on a firmer financial footing, as we publish the provisional local government finance settlement for ’25-26 and launch our consultation on these proposals, alongside our consultation on wider funding reform.
In the autumn Budget, the Government announced £4 billion of additional funding for local government services, of which £1.3 billion would come in the settlement presented today, but we know that we need to rally.
That is why I am announcing over £700 million of additional grants.
That includes over £200 million of extra funding for social care since the policy statement.
I also confirm that the new funding includes £515 million that will be made available in the final settlement to support councils with the increase in employer national insurance contributions.
The package in the provisional settlement will enable local government to invest in the vital services that people rely on, making £69 billion available—equivalent to a 3.5% real-terms increase in councils’ core spending power when compared with ’24-25.
I confirm that this will increase even further in the final settlement.
Today is the start, not the end.
Taken together, the additional funding made available in this settlement and the Budget will deliver over £5 billion of new  funding for local services over and above local council tax.
Alongside that, every authority in England will receive a one-off share of £100 million currently held in the business rates levy account.