The Minister gets ahead of himself.
He says the Government have moved at pace to resolve the situation; the situation is not resolved.
He criticises the last Government for not securing a deal; his deal is not secured either.
The last time we talked about this, we talked about the President-elect not being keen on the deal and the Chagossians not being properly consulted on it.
When will he come back to the House on this situation and tell us something positive about this cack-handed deal?
I have repeatedly stated a number of positive things, including the support for Chagossians that will be inherent in the deal.
The positive fact is that after 11 rounds of failed negotiations under the previous Government, we achieved and have done a deal.
We are confident that that deal will be supported by our partners and we will continue to present details of it in due course.
Does the Minister agree that confirming the legal status of the base, which was left outstanding by the previous Government, will cement our role in the Indo-Pacific and provide an important pillar in our strategy to counter Chinese influence in the area?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Despite the attempts to constantly whip up the idea about Chinese influence, the deal contains specific precautions to prevent foreign forces.
I remind the House again that Mauritius was one of the only countries that did not join the belt and road initiative.
Its ally is India, not China.
The Government clearly want to dismantle legacies of empire.
Why, then, do we think it is so important to attach the Chagos islands to Mauritius when, in fact, that link was only established when both territories were acquired by the French empire and later by the British empire?
Why do we not listen to the Chagossians, instead of imposing the legacy of empire on them?
I have engaged with many Chagossian groups.
The hon.
Member will know, as I have said multiple times, that there are a range of views across the Chagossian community.
He is perfectly able to look at the legal judgments himself.
The fact is that the Government wanted to secure the long-term operation of the base, our national security and our interests.
We have engaged with our partners and secured a deal, which his Government failed to do.
The current situation is clearly unsustainable.
Most of the negotiations took place under the previous Administration.
It is now becoming a political football.
Has the Minister heard any other serious recommendations for the future of the island?
No, I have not, and I certainly have not heard them from the Opposition Benches.
I will repeat the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , which the Minister studiously avoided.
Clearly, the deal was not ready to be signed, so why was it announced two weeks before the election?
When we are looking to protect the national security of this country, we will operate at the fastest and most appropriate pace that we can.
This matter had been left languishing under the previous Administration, with the future of the base unsecure.
We have secured it.
May I wish you a merry Christmas, Mr Speaker?
Does the Minister recognise that the issue is being raised by the Opposition again and again, despite the cognitive dissonance that it was they who opened the negotiations in the first place?
I have to endorse the comments of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  about the scaremongering and the irresponsible way in which the Opposition have conducted the debate with regard to other overseas territories and self-determination.
Order.
I am a little bit concerned, as I granted the urgent question.
I have taken a judgment call; I hope we are not questioning that.
It is absolutely right that the House scrutinises these matters and it will continue to have the opportunity to do so in a range of forums; indeed, I will meet parliamentarians later today to discuss them.
There appears to be collective amnesia among Conservative Members.
I have raised this a number of times.
Many of them served as Ministers in the previous Government and they knew exactly what the risks were to our national security.
I have just returned, hotfoot, from a very full Mar-a-Lago.
I spoke to several members—senior administrators, especially—of the incoming Administration, which will be in the White House in 32 days’ time.
Let me assure you that there is very deep disquiet among them all as to what this deal may mean for the long-term future of Diego Garcia and whether such a deal will hold, given the precedent of the deal break over Hong Kong.
They also cannot understand why we would surrender the sovereignty of the islands on an advisory judgment from a pretty obscure court.
This is about sovereignty, and you keep saying yourself that the sovereignty— Order.
We cannot both stand.
When you say “you”, you mean me.
I have no ownership of this decision.
That is fair enough, Mr Speaker.
If we respect the sovereignty of Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands, on the basis that it is what the people want, can we have a referendum of all the eligible Chagossians and let them decide the future sovereignty of the Chagos islands?
That, surely, is the only fair solution.
We have been very clear that these negotiations are between the United Kingdom and Mauritius, and I have set out in the past the reasons for that.
The interests of the Chagossians are absolutely at the heart of this agreement, and as I have said, I have repeatedly engaged with them.
The hon.
Gentleman continues to speculate, but with the greatest of respect, he does not know the detail of what has been agreed.
He does not know the detail of what has been shared.
And he does not know the detail that the national security apparatus of the United States has considered.
I am confident that his concerns will be allayed once he sees the detail of this deal.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The Minister says that views across the Chagossian community are mixed.
In my experience, Mr Speaker, when politicians say that, they are simply choosing the views that they want to hear.
Will the Minister take the opportunity that has been given by the incoming Mauritian Government to take a breathing space in which he can consult formally and in a structured way with the Chagossians to find out what they want?
I have engaged with the Chagossian community twice in recent months, as I have made clear in answers to a number of parliamentary questions tabled by the right hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues.
The interest of the Chagossians will continue to be at the heart of this agreement, and I take their concerns very seriously.
I am being quite honest, Mr Speaker, that there are a range of views: some oppose the deal; and some are in favour of it.
That is completely natural in a democratic process.
Let us go to a long-term campaigner, Jeremy Corbyn.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Having been a member of the Chagos Islands (British Indian Ocean Territory) all-party parliamentary group ever since it was founded and had a lot of interaction with Chagossians over the past 25 years, I can assure the Minister that I have met many Chagossians in this country and in Mauritius.
They were abominably treated and short-changed by the deal of 1968 and then later removed from the islands.
Their one unifying cause is the right of return and settlement, and I hope the Minister will confirm that that right will be upheld.
I understand all the negotiations surrounding the base, but there is no reason why they should not include the right of at least visiting, if not residing on, Diego Garcia itself.
The International Court of Justice was very clear that the decolonisation process was not properly carried out by Britain in the 1960s, when Mauritius achieved its independence, and that has to be made right.
That has been voted on by the ICJ, voted on by the UN General Assembly, and endorsed by the Security Council.
Is any more evidence necessary to indicate that it is clearly part of Mauritius, and that Chagossians have rights within Mauritius as well as on the Chagos Islands, where hopefully they will be able to return?
I agree with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation of what happened to the Chagossians in the past.
It is a matter of deep regret for this Government,  and, indeed, I think that regret is shared across the House.
As I have said, we will have the interests of the Chagossians at the heart of this agreement.
He is right to characterise the range of views across the Chagossian communities in response to the question that has just been put to me.
I can confirm that the programme of visits will include the ability to visit all the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate safeguards in place.
I hope, too, for a resettlement of the outer islands.
A provision certainly exists for that to happen, and I think that that is one of the most likely scenario in which Chagossians can finally return to those outer islands.