The Prime Minister of Mauritius has made it very clear in his exchange of letters with the Prime Minister of this country and also in his statement yesterday that they are willing to conclude an agreement with us.
That is very clear.
Therefore, on the fundamentals, nothing has changed.
We are engaged in conversation.
It is only natural that, after an election, they would want to do that and to be able to scrutinise the agreement.
That is entirely proper.
That is why officials have been having these conversations, but I will not give a running commentary on private discussions.
I know the Minister will want to give the House the greatest possible clarity on what has brought us to this point.
The Foreign Secretary has been clear that one of the central considerations for the Government was the likelihood, if not the inevitability, of a binding legal judgment against the UK in this matter.
The Minister will know that the judgments of the International Court of Justice are not binding on the United Kingdom when disputes are between the UK and another state which is or was a member of the Commonwealth.
That would include Mauritius.
I do not expect the Minister to disclose the legal advice that the Government have received, but will he please give the House some more clarity about the nature of the legal jeopardy that the Government perceive here?
I will not, for that very reason, go into that type of advice.
The right hon.
and learned Member knows that from his extensive and distinguished experience on these matters.
I have to ask this fundamental question: if there was not a problem, why did his Government start negotiations on this?
I think we can forgive our overseas territories for being a little concerned about this Government’s commitment to their right to self-determination.
Those of us who, like me, are a bit older and have long memories will remember when the previous Labour Government opened negotiations with the Spanish Government over the future of Gibraltar.
But what I am more interested in today is having reassurance from the Minister that any decision will be well informed, so can he say which of his Ministers has visited the British Indian Ocean Territory?
I like the right hon.
Lady, but I have to say that I find it extremely unhelpful the way that the Falklands, Gibraltar and other overseas territories, which are not comparable with this situation, are constantly brought up.
I have just been with the leaders at the Joint Ministerial Council—Mr Speaker, you graciously hosted a reception as well—and we were absolutely resolute in our commitment to the Falklands and Gibraltar.
I have been there and said it myself directly on the Rock.
The Minister of State for the Armed Forces has just been in the Falklands saying exactly the same thing to the Falkland Islanders.
I can tell you, Mr Speaker, they are getting fed up with the nonsense that we are hearing about this.
It is hugely problematic for their interests going forward.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Surely the Minister must accept, though, that the timing of this announcement was one of the biggest diplomatic gaffes of modern times.
It came literally hours before a general election was called.
There was a widespread perception in Mauritius that this Government were trying to give a leg up to a very unpopular sitting Government who subsequently scored zero out of 60 directly elected seats in the Mauritian Parliament.
Does he not agree that it is wholly appropriate that the new Labour Mauritian Government would be wary of the intentions of his Government?
I simply do not recognise the right hon.
Member’s characterisation.
Can the Minister update the House on the measures being taken to safeguard against the emergence of Chinese military and surveillance capabilities in the British Indian Ocean Territory?
I have been very clear that, within the agreement, there are provisions to ensure the security of the outer islands.
This deal would not have been agreed by the United States security apparatus or, indeed, by us were it to give that kind of benefit to another country.
I have been very clear about the position of Mauritius in relation to China, and there are provisions and safeguards in place that should allay any fears on that matter.