The Prime Minister needs to misrepresent me in order to make his point; I do not need to misrepresent him in order to make mine.
The truth is that he did not think this through.
Cutting winter fuel payments is not just callous; it may not make savings and it could actually cost us all more.
It is not the only policy that is making things worse.
The Chancellor’s Budget is a body blow to family businesses and charities.
Marie Curie has warned that Labour’s Budget will cost it nearly £3 million a year.
That is a cancer charity saying that it has no option but to reduce services.
Did the Chancellor tell the Prime Minister that her jobs tax was going to hit charities?
The Leader of the Opposition has asked three questions about winter fuel—[Interruption.]
I will come to that.
She has changed her mind.
She used to say that the payments were a “dead weight”.
She said that she had constituents who did not need them.
They all stood in 2017 on a Tory manifesto that committed to getting rid of the universal winter fuel payment for pensioners.
We can see what their real commitment is—[Interruption.]
As for the Budget, we are driving up productivity across—[Interruption.]
Order.
I do not want to have to ring the hon.
Gentleman’s mother.
We are driving up productivity, prosperity and living standards.
That is a pay rise for the 3 million lowest-paid—the Tories should welcome that—a pay rise for those working in the NHS, and better than expected wage growth just before Christmas.
What unites all three is that they are delivered by Labour but opposed by the Tories.
I do not know what world the Prime Minister is living in.
The economy is shrinking, and the Government did not think this jobs tax through or who it would impact.
Another area affected is the hospice sector.
Hospices believe that the Budget will cost them an extra £30 million.
Yesterday, Conservatives voted to exempt social care, nurseries, charities and hospices from Labour’s jobs tax.
Labour voted that down.
Can the Prime Minister at least agree to fund hospices so that they can continue their invaluable work helping people at the end of their lives?
We have put a record amount into the NHS in the Budget to deal with the problem that the Conservatives left.
We will set out the funding arrangements for hospices in the new year.
But it is the same old, same old: they want all the benefits from the Budget, as she has said herself, but she does not want to pay for any of them.
That is what got us into the problem in the first place.
I did not hear a commitment to help hospices, which is a shame.
The truth is that this winter people will be suffering because of the Prime Minister’s choices.
The economy is shrinking, inflation is going up and jobs are being lost because of his Budget.
Pensioners will be unable to heat their homes because of his Government’s decisions.
They raised people’s hopes but then smashed them with broken promises.
And now we learn that he is about to give away our hard-won Brexit freedoms—[Interruption.]
Yes—the truth is that Labour is punching the British people in the face—literally, in the case of one of his MPs.
He will pretend this is about the past, but we all know that these are his choices—bad choices.
If he is looking for a new year’s resolution, why does he not start with telling the truth?
I will do it now.
A £22 billion black hole left by the Conservatives, record numbers on the waiting lists—[Interruption.] Order.
It is not a good time to leave the Chamber, is it?
A £22 billion black hole, record waiting lists in our NHS—Conservative Members should hang their heads in shame—and immigration completely out of control, with nearly a million net migration.
The Leader of the Opposition was the cheerleader for all of that.
She wants the truth—that is the truth.
That is why the Conservatives are sitting on the Opposition Benches.
While Conservative Members carp from the sidelines, talking the country down, this Government are getting on with the job: record funding for the NHS; money for  our trains, buses and, yes, potholes; pay rises for 3 million of the lowest-paid; wages growing faster than inflation; planning laws reform; and Great British Energy set up.
We are only getting started.
Next year we will continue to rebuild, no matter what the blockers opposite say.
I echo the Prime Minister in thanking you, Mr Speaker, and all the staff in this place, alongside our armed forces and emergency services, and wishing them a merry Christmas.
March 2025 marks 20 years since the death of the only Member of Parliament to have held all four great offices of state: Foreign Secretary, Home Secretary, Chancellor and Prime Minister.
James Callaghan was a true Portsmouth great who went to the same school as another true Portsmouth great: my dad, Terry Nolan.
Does the Prime Minister back my bid for a plaque to be added to his former home in Copnor?
Will he come along to Portsmouth next year to unveil it?