Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Following this summer’s racist riots, the Runnymede Trust reported that Islamophobia is reaching fever pitch, with mosques attacked and threatened, and cars vandalised with Nazi swastikas.
All that has left many Muslims feeling unsafe, but it is especially true for women, who have reported having hijabs pulled off, suffering racist abuse and being threatened with physical violence.
We will all have heard of such incidents from our constituents, but the extent to which Islamophobia and misogyny are systemic in the structures that we rely on mean that Muslim women bear the brunt of the intersectional hatred of the far right and sometimes, sadly, the mainstream media.
Does the Minister see the need for an agreed definition of “Islamophobia” that understands its impact on Muslim women?
Islamophobia, sexism and racism have no place in our society, and my hon.
Friend will be aware that we have committed to strengthening protections against dual discrimination.
The Minister for safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , is working on addressing hate crime against Muslim women.
I am also pleased that my hon.
Friend’s Committee will be undertaking work on the specific challenges facing Muslim women in the UK today, and I look forward to following that work.
I recently met a group of women from Bangladeshi origins in my constituency who are desperately trying to find work, which is not easy, especially after the decimation of the textile industry in Leicester South.
As English is not their first language, and as not all potential employers have the capacity or time to meet the Department for Work and Pensions’ demands for written proof of job applications and interviews, they are finding it extremely stressful and it is affecting their mental health, especially when they are threatened with sanctions.
Does the Minister agree that more empathy needs to be built into the system?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised an important point, and I will ensure that he has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss it.