We are very pleased that the Government have published the strategy, many aspects of which have the support of the Liberal Democrats.
We have, for many years, championed votes at 16 and we are really glad that the Government have listened to those calls.
We also welcome the measures to tackle dark and illicit money in our politics, and the recent plans to introduce supplementary voting for mayoral elections.
However, I am concerned that the strategy shows nowhere near the kind of ambition that we need to fix a system of elections that has left large swathes of the public feeling like their vote simply does not count.
As Members across the House will know, last year’s general election turned out the most disproportionate result in history, with nearly 60% of people who voted not represented in Parliament by the candidate they voted for.
This opportunity cannot be wasted.
Will the Government go further?
Will they look at scrapping voter ID in its entirety?
Will they look at introducing further measures to ensure that foreign oligarchs such as Elon Musk are not able to interfere in British politics, including through party funding?
And will they finally scrap first past the post and introduce fair votes via proportional representation?
The hon.
Lady has a lot of questions.
The Government have no plans to change the electoral system for UK parliamentary and local elections.
Her party, in the coalition Government, had the opportunity, through a referendum, to campaign and institute the appropriate changes.
Our focus is on ensuring we address the manifesto commitments we made, including a voting age of 16.
I am grateful to her and her party for their support.
We are also taking action to tackle illicit finance and foreign interference.
I very much hope that she and her colleagues will work with us on that very important agenda.
I declare an interest as a member of the Speaker’s Conference, which is looking at the security of MPs, candidates and elections.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that a wide number of behaviours in our democratic system are intimidating candidates and, indeed, Members of this House, and that that is detrimental to our values and democracy?
Will she expand on the measures in the strategy that will seek to alleviate those very serious problems?