It is not just cycle manufacturers that are having to pedal hard to survive under this Government.
With business survey after business survey stating that tax is the biggest worry for business, will the Minister take this opportunity to assure businesses that the Chancellor will not be coming back to burden them with more in her Budget this autumn?
First, I commend the hon.
Lady for the humour in her question.
As she will recognise, this is Business and Trade Question Time, not Treasury Question Time, where tax measures are usually dealt with, but I am sure that the Treasury will note her comments.
I should perhaps point her to recent surveys of business confidence: the Lloyds Bank business barometer pointed out that business confidence is at a nine-year high.
I am sure she will be delighted by that news.
Well, except for the fact that the whole House will have heard that the Government are not prepared to rule out saddling cycle manufacturers and other businesses with more taxes this autumn.
Will the Minister at the very least assure the House that he and his fellow Business Ministers are making representations to the Treasury that businesses really cannot take any more tax rises?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her suspicion that I have considerable influence with the Treasury.
We are always in discussions with Treasury colleagues, and indeed colleagues across Government, about what more we can do to support business.
Another indicator of improving business confidence is a survey by the American Express business barometer, which pointed out that almost three quarters of small and medium-sized enterprise bosses are confident about the future—again, up from last year.
What steps he is taking to support working families through the parental leave system.
Through our landmark Employment Rights Bill, we are making paternity leave and unpaid parental leave day one rights.
This aligns then with maternity and adoption leave.
But we are going further.
We have launched the parental leave review, fulfilling our manifesto commitment.
The review  will explore how the system can support working families and our modern economy.
It will assess the system against four key goals: supporting maternal health; boosting economic growth through increased labour market participation; enabling flexible, balanced childcare choices; and, of course, ensuring the best start in life for our children.
Improving our paternity leave offer will be good for parents, good for children and good for our economy.
I recently organised an event with Labour colleagues, the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers, and Dad Shift, where we heard from Tesco about the benefits that six weeks of fully paid paternity leave had brought to its business.
As part of the parental leave review, which I warmly welcome, will the Minister proactively reach out to businesses, such as Tesco, that are leading the way on paternity leave?