The hon.
Gentleman will understand the process and work of the boundary commissions.
This strategy is focused on the themes that I spoke to earlier, and that is what we will be focusing on.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for fair elections, I warmly welcome this policy paper.
I think my hon.
Friend the Minister and I were much more poorly equipped to vote when we were 18 than today’s 16-year-olds, so I warmly welcome that measure.
I also welcome the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill, introduced last week, with the Government saying that first past the post “can lead to individuals being elected with only a small proportion of the total votes cast”, and that Mayors and police and crime commissioners “should be elected with a greater consensus among their electors.”
The Government have also claimed that this change will give the local electorate an “increased voice” and will “better support the democratic mandate of people elected to such positions”.
Given the flawed nature of first past the post, will the Minister consider also reviewing the system for elections to this place?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his work with the APPG.
He is aware of the policy of the Labour party and this Government on first past the post.
I refer him to my previous answer on that question.
Fair elections must be elections that we can all trust.
The most important element of our electoral system is that it is a secret ballot and that it should be down to the individual to make up their own mind.
I am therefore deeply concerned that the widespread use of postal voting across the country is allowing dangerous fraud with many voters still intimidated and coerced into using postal votes on the instruction of somebody else.
The review covers many practical aspects of postal voting, but what steps are the Government taking to ensure the accuracy and honesty of the postal voting system?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that his party introduced a series of changes, including on voter ID and other checks as electors register to vote.
I am all too aware of the areas that need particular focus.
We have retained the protections on postal voting.
The hon.
Gentleman is aware of a number of issues around postal votes, but I reassure him that there are laws to ensure that forgery and personation do not happen.
We will retain the appropriate checks and safeguards that were introduced in the past.
May I put on record my profound thanks to the Minister for her personal commitment to ensuring that we renew confidence in democracy?
I warmly welcome proposals around moving away from the first-past-the-post system in regional elections and restoring that part of our democracy.
Will she outline how she will tackle the illicit finance that is flowing into our democracy?
I have real concerns about how foreign influence damaging our democracy and I would be grateful for more information on how this strategy will deliver for our country.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her work in this area.
As I mentioned, the Intelligence and Security Committee’s Russia report exposed malign efforts to channel foreign money into our politics.
We are ensuring that the Electoral Commission will have the appropriate powers to support political parties, making sure that they do “know your donor” checks.
Where parties fail in this area, a fine of up to £500,000 can be applied.
We will apply that fine proportionately in recognition of the resource issues of smaller parties.
I very much welcome what is in the Government’s policy, particularly votes for 16 and 17-year-olds.
We already have this in Scotland for the Scottish parliamentary elections and I have also campaigned for the change to be made for general elections.
Will the Minister confirm that this will be in place in time for the next general election, and how the information will be passed out to 16 and 17-year-olds that they will now be able to vote in general elections?