The Secretary of State has tried to paint a glowing picture of what is happening, but I can tell him that in northern Lincolnshire there are growing concerns.
There have been a number of business failures in the last few weeks in the Grimsby and Immingham areas, and he will be aware of the threat to hundreds of jobs at the Prax oil refinery.
All that makes it even more important that the Scunthorpe steelworks has a long-term future.
Can he update the House on the state of things at Scunthorpe?
I am always keen to update the hon.
Member and colleagues on the situation with British Steel.
We have cancelled the redundancy consultation and removed the immediate risk to 2,700 jobs.
We have taken on new apprentices and invested significantly in improving health and safety on the site.
We have provided significant working capital—that does not take into account yet the future revenue that will come.
I am sure he will have been pleased to see that Network Rail has awarded British Steel a contract worth £500 million.
We will continue to ensure that there is a long-term future for British Steel, and we will keep the House and himself updated to that effect.
The Government’s £500 million investment to support under-represented entrepreneurs was hugely welcomed by business leaders in my constituency, but access to capital is only part of the challenge.
Many still face entrenched barriers around networks, mentoring and market access.
Will the Minister set out  the steps that the Government are taking to ensure that that investment is complemented by wider reforms to break down any structural obstacles to scaling businesses in Milton Keynes and Buckinghamshire?
The Government-backed invest in women taskforce is addressing many of these issues through its ecosystem working group, which promotes better access to networks, to support and to procurement opportunities.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, though, to say that we need to go further.
The small business strategy will set out a range of further measures in that regard.