If he will suspend the export of UK-produced F-35 components to Israel.
I am conscious of the hon.
Member’s long-standing interest in these matters.
I can assure him that exports of F-35 components directly to Israel are already suspended where they are for use by Israel and not for re-export to other countries.
Our strategic export licensing criteria state specifically that licences should not be granted where there is “a clear risk that the items might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law.”
Given that the courts have sent this question back to Parliament, does the Minister accept that Israel is committing breaches of international humanitarian law; does he accept that the export of F-35 components is aiding in the commission of these wrongful acts; and if he maintains that we are not in breach of our own arms export laws, will he explain on the Floor of this House the basis for how he thinks we are compliant with our own laws?
The F-35 programme is the largest international collaborative defence programme in the world.
The hon.
Gentleman refers to the recent High Court judgment, and as the High Court itself noted, the UK cannot make changes to the F-35 programme unilaterally—that requires agreement across all the partner nations and the availability of a workable programme-level change to isolate end users across thousands of different components.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on Teesside.
My hon.
Friend’s area is one of the most exciting investment locations in the world—in clean energy opportunities, carbon capture and storage, and offshore wind, but also in creative and digital investment, chemicals production and steel.
Specific interventions for the Tees Valley include recommitting £160 million for its investment zone, enhanced support for the Teesside freeport for clean energy industries, and a lot of money for transport for city regions funding.
Of particular interest to businesses in his area will be the new British industrial competitiveness scheme, which will reduce electricity costs by £35 to £40 per megawatt-hour for many businesses in Teesside.
I am pleased that the Government have been listening to us and backing Teesside businesses with serious investment—I have been pushing for investment in clean power and advanced manufacturing.
Last year, the 2024 UK tech jobs report named Middlesbrough as the UK’s fastest-growing tech destination.
Will Ministers work with me to bring in investment in frontier technologies such as artificial intelligence to our region as well?
My hon.
Friend and his colleagues are incredible champions for bringing investment into the area, and I recognise and thank him for that support.
He is right to say that some of the perhaps more traditional industries, though very exciting for the future, are not just the only story in his area.
He has mentioned tech and the creative industries too, and I would say they are huge opportunities.
Specifically, our investment in skills to make sure that there is a pipeline of talent in every part of the country is a formidable and significant contribution to delivering on those opportunities.
I look forward to continuing to work with him on these issues.
What recent steps he has taken to support postmasters seeking redress for harm caused by faulty IT systems.
By the end of last month, approximately £1.1 billion had been paid in total redress to almost 8,000 claimants.
This represents a fourfold increase over the past 12 months, with more than 5,000 victims receiving compensation for the first time.
We have  also committed to extending redress to family members.
As the House knows, there is still much left to do, and we are considering carefully the recommendations that Sir Wyn Williams made last week in this regard.