At the heart of every high street are wonderful hospitality SMEs—pubs, cafés, restaurants, bars and coffee shops—yet the 2024 Budget was a hammer blow to them.
With £3.4 billion of extra costs, one in 10 restaurants faces closure this year.
Indeed, Labour’s Budget has already cost hospitality 69,000 jobs.
For context, in the same period the previous year, hospitality created 18,000 new jobs.
Can the Minister assure the House that businesses that are hanging on by a thread will not face a hard landing this winter?
The hon.
Gentleman is one of those Conservative Front Benchers who have yet to tell us, if they do not like the increase in national insurance contributions, how they would pay for the extra investment in hospitals, schools and our police force.
I gently say that the difficult decisions the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to take in the Budget last year were a direct result of the £22 billion black hole left to us by the Conservatives.
Our small business strategy will set out further measures that we will take to have the back of British entrepreneurs.
That answer is simply not good enough for the 63% of employees in the hospitality sector whose jobs are on the line.
Yet we now read in the press that the Government appear set on forcing restaurateurs to monitor customers’ calorie consumption—another crippling blow of red tape on top of national insurance hikes, minimum wage hikes and the regulatory firestorm of the Employment Rights Bill.
Jeremy Clarkson is not wrong when he says that the Chancellor is “using a machine gun on publicans.”
Can the Minister really look hospitality SMEs on our high streets and beyond in the eye and say that this is somehow good for business?
One reason the hon.
Gentleman’s party lost the confidence of business is that it promised many, many times that it would reform business rates and never did.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has set out our commitment to permanently lower business rates for the hospitality sector—we have already taken steps in that regard—and she will set out our plans to do even more.
That is one way in which we are backing up our commitment to SMEs in the hospitality sector and more generally.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that SMEs in Buckingham and Bletchley constituency can access capital and export finance as part of the UK’s recent trade agreements.
On  26 June , the Department published our trade strategy, announcing the expansion of UK Export Finance’s capacity to £80 billion.
We also  announced measures to give smaller firms, including those in Buckingham and Bletchley, better access to export protection insurance.
The significant increase in the capacity of the British Business Bank will also help to improve access to capital for SMEs, including, potentially, in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Innovative high-growth companies, such as Envisics in Bletchley, are developing and exporting world-leading technology-driven products but face difficulties securing the domestic capital needed to scale up.
Too often, overseas investors and, sometimes, Governments, offer both finance and other incentives for them to relocate.
Will the Minister set out in more detail how his Department is working across Whitehall to ensure that domestic financial institutions, including Government-backed entities, are helping companies like Envisics to firmly anchor their innovations here in the UK?
We heard during our SME consultation that one of the biggest issues facing small and medium-sized businesses that want to scale up relates to access to finance.
Indeed, since 2011, the stock of bank lending to SMEs relative to GDP has fallen by around 50%, which graphically demonstrates the significance of my hon.
Friend’s point.
We have been working closely with Treasury colleagues in particular, and when we launched the industrial strategy, we also launched a funding arrangement for the British Business Bank that will provide £4 billion of capital to our high-growth innovative businesses to ensure that they remain anchored in the UK and are able to scale up here.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on Cornwall.
As we have heard, the industrial strategy is a plan to lift every part of the country, and it specifically recognises clean energy opportunities for offshore wind and nuclear in the great south-west.
The strategy also highlights foundational industries relevant to its eight sectors’ supply chains, including spotlighting critical minerals clusters in Cornwall.
It included the launch of a new UK Export Finance loan guarantee scheme for domestic suppliers selling critical minerals to UK exporters.
The upcoming 2025 critical minerals strategy will aim to secure a steady supply of minerals, optimising domestic resources and enhancing international collaboration.
As the Secretary of State mentions, with its vast renewable energy and critical mineral resources, Cornwall is uniquely positioned to become a key driver of UK economic growth.
Although the industrial strategy emphasises the role of mayoral strategic authorities and city regions, particularly in the north and midlands, does the Secretary of State agree that Cornwall’s immense industrial potential must not be overlooked, and can he reassure me that unleashing the Cornish Celtic tiger with the economic investment that we need is not contingent on joining a mayoral combined authority?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I was dismayed this morning to wake up and hear the Reform party actively arguing for less investment  in Britain and telling businesses they should not invest in the UK.
I find that absolutely absurd.
There are a whole range of tools for local areas to shape their economies in the industrial strategy.
Some relate to mayors, but many do not.
It has the mix of tools that is required to unleash the potential of every part of the country, including his own.
Further to that very encouraging response from the Secretary of State, does he acknowledge that Cornwall is the poorest region in the United Kingdom?
It has great opportunities, as  the hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon)  pointed out, but it has been hampered since losing the highest level of EU structural aid.
If we are going to take the opportunities and overcome the challenges that Cornwall faces, would the Secretary of State be prepared to meet the hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth, me and other Cornish Members to establish a bespoke strategy for Cornwall to drive the private and public investment needed?
First, let me say that, as someone who used to spend their family holidays in Cornwall, I must protest: I have had two questions from Cornish colleagues and not a single invite to visit Cornwall over the summer holidays.
I really think that is unacceptable.
The economic history of Cornwall is particularly interesting—I have had this discussion with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon) —and I recognise some of the specific issues that  the hon.
Member for St Ives (Andrew George)  has identified there.
Of course, I am always willing to meet him, either in Cornwall or here in Parliament, to have that discussion.
I believe there are key parts of the industrial strategy that will deliver the opportunities and the tools required to unleash what both colleagues are trying to achieve.
What steps he is taking to support independent retailers.
We have frozen the small business multiplier for 2025-26, protecting over 1 million ratepayers from bill increases, and we are creating a fairer business rates system that protects the high street and supports investment.
Our forthcoming SME strategy will set out further plans to help businesses on the high street and beyond.
In Corby and East Northamptonshire, retail and wholesale jobs account for the largest share of employment, supporting thousands of jobs.
Will the Minister confirm that, unlike the last Tory Government, which promised to reform business rates but did absolutely nothing, this Labour Government are committed to delivering a fairer business rates system to support the vibrant high streets that our communities deserve?
I know that Northamptonshire has a thriving retail and wholesale sector, and I commend my hon.
Friend for championing the jobs and businesses in his constituency.
He rightly says that the Conservatives  promised to reform business rates.
What he did not say was that they promised many times to reform business rates and never did so.
We have committed to permanently lower business rates for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
The Government are committed to publishing soon an interim report that sets out further details on the direction of travel, and confirmation of our plans will come at the autumn Budget.
I recently met the owners of Bababing in my constituency, who have opened up new premises in Keighley.
They want to grow and expand as quickly as possible, but they told me that this Government are stifling business growth for not only Bababing but many other SMEs across the country due to the decisions they made in the Budget last year to increase employer national insurance and the minimum wage, and the Employment Rights Bill, which is coming down the line.
Do the Government recognise that they are stifling growth, and if so, what are they doing about it?