The value that hospitality businesses bring to their local communities goes far beyond their economic contributions: they also provide a vital social value and essential entry-level jobs.
Flexible hours and conditions in the sector help those with other responsibilities, such as carers and new parents, to access work, while also offering many young people their first jobs.
However, retail and hospitality businesses have been hit hard by tax changes in the October Budget, and they are reporting reduced hours, cancelled investment and closures; there have been nearly 70,000 hospitality job losses just since October.
As economic strategies are rolled out, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that Department for Work and Pensions goals to get people back to work are not being undermined by policies that shrink job opportunities in these sectors?
I completely agree with the hon.
Lady about the huge importance of hospitality to all our communities and to helping many people who have difficult routes into employment to get their first steps back into a job.
One of the steps we have taken is to set up our hospitality fund, working with the great organisation Pub is The Hub, to help landlords to diversify what they offer and drive more footfall into the pub.
The fund also supports charities that are working with those furthest away from the jobs market to get into jobs.
It is strongly supported by hospitality businesses through the Hospitality Sector Council.
As I have said, we have a commitment to a small business strategy and we will set out further measures to help hospitality in that regard.
What recent assessment his Department has made of trends in the level of operating costs for SMEs.
Over the past five years, SMEs have faced a challenging operating environment because of the consequences of the Liz Truss Budget, the poorly negotiated trade deal with Europe, covid and increasing global uncertainty.
Interest rates have come down four times under this Government, we have negotiated a new trade deal with Europe and, complementing our industrial and trade  strategies, we will bring forward an SME strategy to put in place further long-term support to help SMEs start up and expand.
In my constituency and across Scotland, small and medium-sized businesses have taken blow after blow.
The Conservatives bungled Brexit, increasing import costs, and energy costs are soaring.
Most recently, the hike in national insurance contributions is decimating job opportunities in small and medium-sized businesses.
What are the Government doing to support SMEs, which are at the heart of our economic growth, and to get people off benefits and back into work?
Order.
Shorter answers please, Minister.
Yes, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that in a recent survey almost three quarters of SME businesses were confident about the future.
She is right to challenge us to go further in increasing support for SMEs.
One of the ways that we are doing that is by increasing access to finance for SMEs, through the significant expansion in the capacity of the British Business Bank.