The Minister will be aware that the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy, which I chair, has been doing a lot of work on defending democracy.
I am sure we will welcome the proposals, particularly on illicit finance and cracking down on unincorporated associations.
I gently urge her to look closely at cryptocurrencies, which are clearly the currency of choice for criminals and rogue states.
For example, one individual has routed £13 million into political organisations in this country through such a currency.
My hon.
Friend is right to be concerned about new challenges in relation to crypto, and I refer him to my previous answer on this point.
We will look very closely at these issues to make sure that loopholes are closed, but I reassure him that the current powers cover donations through crypto and the changes we are making will also include crypto.
There is lots in the strategy that the Liberal Democrats and I welcome.
Could the Minister explain why there is a difference between Westminster elections and combined mayoral elections?
We know that the majority of the British public want to see the scrapping of first past the post, and we know from when we had a ten-minute rule Bill on this subject during this Parliament that the majority of Members in this place want to see the scrapping of first past the post—indeed, we know that a  majority of Labour Members want to see the scrapping of first past the post.
So why is there a difference between the different types of elections?
The hon.
Member may have critiques of the first-past-the-post system, but it provides a direct relationship between Members of the legislature and local constituencies, which is really important.
The Liberal Democrats, in coalition with the Conservatives for five years, had the opportunity to introduce a referendum, but they lost that referendum.
The supplementary voting system was implemented on the introduction of both mayoral and police and crime commissioner elections.
We believe that it is more appropriate for selecting single-person executives.
I declare a former interest as a lawyer specialising in election law.
I can say from that previous life that the previous Tory Government left our election law in an unfair and dangerous state: unfair in that they made it harder for people to vote, and dangerous in that they did nothing to prevent foreign actors from spending millions of pounds, roubles or dollars to interfere with our democracy.
Does the Minister agree that it is high time to take robust action to make our democracy safe and fair for everyone, and will she assure the House that this will be a speedy and fair process?
I look forward to using the expertise of colleagues—not only in my party but in others—so that we get this right.
It is in all our interests to close the loopholes that are so dangerous and damaging for our democracy.
There is much to welcome in these proposals to enhance our democracy, particularly on the safety of candidates.
Reform is very much against votes for 16 and 17-year-olds, who, it is interesting to note, are completely split down the middle on this issue.
However, I urge the Minister to consider our grave concerns with particular regard to postal voting, its security and the risks of personation.
I have seen people carrying bag loads of postal votes to a polling station on election day.
Surely that is completely wrong.
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we take those issues very seriously.
Personating another voter is a deliberate act of fraud.
It completely undermines our democracy and is a serious criminal offence that will continue to be prosecuted.
If he has examples, he should report them to the police.
For 14 years, young people in my constituency were frustrated by politicians who simply did not listen to their concerns on affordable housing, on the climate crisis or on good local jobs.
Does the Minister agree that listening to young people and engaging them in the process is a key first step in rebuilding some of the damage done to our democracy over the 14 years of incompetence we saw from the Tories?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful case for giving young people, from the age of 16, the right to vote and participate in our democracy.
Young people are the future, and it is vital that we all work  together to ensure that they learn about, and can participate in, our political system and our democracy.
That is how we will ensure that our democracy is appreciated and that its value and influence, both in this country and globally, is shared by the next generation.
The Conservative Government seemingly tried to do everything possible to destroy trust in politics and to make it harder for people to vote.
In my constituency, that led to just a 49% turnout at the last election.
Will the Minister set out more about how the announcement will make it easier for people to engage in our democracy and how the Government will give the next generation a say in the future of our country through giving votes at 16?
It is crucial that we engage electors—both young electors and the millions who are not registered to vote.
We will do careful work to move towards automated voter registration and to ensure that it is a success.
It is about making sure that every citizen who is eligible to vote registers and is able to vote.
A previous parliamentary inquiry into the funding of Northern Ireland political parties expressed a concern about the lack of visibility on how cross-border parties—the likes of Sinn Féin—manage their fundraising and the difficulty for regulators in verifying that no Republic of Ireland, or indeed US-based, funds were used in UK elections.
It recommended stronger audit requirements and a clear separation of cross-jurisdictional finances.
Will the Minister assure me that these measures will apply equally across all parts of the United Kingdom and that regulators outside the United Kingdom will work together to ensure that we do not have those cross-jurisdictional moneys?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are working through the interministerial group, which includes the relevant Northern Ireland Minister, to ensure that we introduce changes that are consistent with the Good Friday agreement and that recognise specific issues affecting different parts of the United Kingdom?
I would be very happy to discuss our proposals further with him.
In Scotland, where we have votes for 16 and 17-year-olds in council and Scottish Parliament elections, I have found that some of the most engaging, respectful and searching questions have come from those in that age group, whereas in general elections a 16 or 17-year-old’s response is often, “I’ll go and see if my mum or dad are in”, or occasionally, “My dad’s told me to tell you that he’s not in.”
Given how respectful and engaged 16 and 17-year-olds are, does the Minister agree that they should have the right to express that engagement at the ballot box?
I could not agree more.
As my hon.
Friend says, young people are passionate, engaged and interested in the issues that affect their lives.
It is right that they should have the opportunity to participate in our democracy.
According to the latest British social attitudes survey, 60% of the British public now support proportional representation.
Given that mayors will be elected under this system from 2027 onwards, why does the Minister refuse even to consider that fairer system so that by the time the next general election comes along, voters will have their views more fully and fairly represented?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous answers on the same question.
Will my hon.
Friend reflect on the fact that my experience of being elected under three electoral systems—additional member system, single transferable vote and first past the post—suggests that none of them are perfect?
However, there are advantages to first past the post that we should be very careful about doing away with.
The other two systems that I have been elected with served my constituents far worse than first past the post does.
Voting for 16 and 17-year-olds was passed by the Scottish Parliament a number of years ago and enabled young people to vote in elections as of 2016 in Scotland.
I was delighted to vote for that measure, as were all members of the Scottish Parliament, so will the Scottish Conservatives give a lesson to their colleagues at Westminster about why they voted for it in 2016?
I very much hope that the Scottish Conservatives will join us in supporting votes at 16.
Given that Northern Ireland has been used to photo ID for voting since the Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002, I have seen the benefits there of that simple form of accountability.
However, difficulty remains with the abuse of the postal vote system.
Looking to Northern Ireland as an evidential example of that, does the Minister intend to make changes to ensure that the ability to vote by post is not abused, as it currently is in some parts of Northern Ireland?