May I start by paying tribute to Norman Tebbit?
He was a former Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and a great reformer who did a great deal to unleash growth in this country.
The only thing growing under this Government are the unemployment queues.
Today, the Office for National Statistics revealed that the number of payrolled employees has fallen by 180,000 over the last year and 40,000 in the last month alone.
Unemployment has been higher in every month since the Chancellor has been in office.
In the last hour, we have heard news of another 500 job losses at Jaguar Land Rover.
This is a great country with great people.
When the Secretary of State talks to businesses, what reason do they give to him for unemployment rising?
It is always nice to hear from the shadow Secretary of State.
First, as he knows, the Office for National Statistics workforce survey shows that the overall number of jobs is higher after a year of this Government than it would have been if the Conservatives had remained in government—there are 380,000 additional jobs.
He mentioned payroll jobs.
Of course, they are important; they are one key factor, as is wages, which, as he knows, have risen faster in the first 10 months of this Government than they did in the first 10 years of the previous Government.
Our productivity figures have also risen, and of course, we closely monitor the impacts of technology.
The shadow Secretary of State asked what businesses say to me.
They say that this Government have brought stability after the mini-Budget disaster, which he was a key part of.
They say that we have brought openness to the world and are navigating a difficult trading environment better than anyone else, and they recognise that our pro-business, pro-growth measures are delivering.
There was nothing like the list I just gave of problems after 14 years of the previous Government.
That answer was complacent and unsympathetic.
It is the most vulnerable—those looking for their first shot, their first chance—who pay the price of unemployment.
Let us start again.
Last night in the other place, the unemployment Bill was improved with sensible amendments to probation periods, a definition of seasonal workers that protects hospitality and agriculture, and provision  for a consultation about the impact on the smallest businesses.
Those measures have been proposed by employers, and by independent business groups such as the Confederation of British Industry, Make UK and the Federation of Small Businesses, who say that the Bill in its current form is deeply damaging.
If the Secretary of State will not shelve the Bill entirely, will he at least commit to accepting those entirely reasonable amendments?
The shadow Secretary of State talks about vulnerable people.
Which Government left one in eight young people not in education, employment or training, while net immigration hit 1 million?
It was absolutely shameful, and we will take no lessons from Conservative Members.
He talks about tackling barriers; who gave us the highest industrial energy prices in the developed world?
The Conservative party.
Who is dealing with that?
Who has put millions into skills and training, finance, and the tools that local areas need?
Those are the things that businesses want.
The shadow Secretary of State also talks about the Employment Rights Bill.
I regret the Conservatives’ knee-jerk ideological opposition to it; they could have been pragmatic.
The Bill was a manifesto commitment, and we will deliver our manifesto commitments in full.
There are issues on which we have to get the balance right, such as probation periods and the future monitoring of zero-hours contracts, and the commitment is of course real.
Pragmatic engagement would have been a more constructive way forward than this knee-jerk ideological opposition.
The Business and Trade Committee’s inquiry on small business is still open for evidence from Members from across the House.
On Tuesday, we took evidence from the chief executive of Ofgem, who made it perfectly clear that a complete collapse of regulation in the years after covid led to thousands of businesses across our country paying higher energy bills than they needed to.
Can the Secretary of State assure the House that the small business strategy, when published, will contain a strategy for bearing down on the energy rip-off that is challenging small businesses across our country?
I am always grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for his helpful and pragmatic work and engagement.
I recognise the issue that he has highlighted.
A lot of small businesses were locked into uncompetitive contracts after covid, and the legacy of that has been very difficult.
Of course, we will always look at measures to address that.
Fundamentally, we must break the link that means that gas sets the price of electricity in the UK.
There are no shortcuts to that; we have to get enough clean energy on to the system to make that possible, which is exactly what the Government are doing.
On Monday, Tina McKenzie, the policy chair of the Federation of Small Businesses, said: “For the first time in the history of the Small Business Index more small businesses are predicting they will shrink than expand, meaning that as a country we are potentially facing a very dangerous situation.”
I have listened carefully to what the Economic Secretary to the Treasury has said about the concierge service, which I welcome, and have seen the Leeds reforms this week, much of which I welcome.
However, will the Minister respond to that stark warning from a very credible source of information?
I have a high regard for Tina McKenzie and the Federation of Small Businesses more generally, and we have been working extremely closely with them on thinking through what measures should be in the small business strategy to help businesses start up, scale up and thrive more generally.
I gently point the right hon.
Gentleman to the slightly more positive picture painted by the fact that the bosses of small and medium-sized enterprises have more confidence.
We will continue to talk to the Federation of Small Businesses, and will do so in a lot more detail.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the UK Labour Government are getting on with the serious business of delivering an industrial strategy that will support jobs in my Livingston constituency?
That is in sharp contrast to the failing SNP Government, who have no industrial strategy, no plan for workers, and no plan to support Scotland’s key sectors.
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
Nationalism is fundamentally a creed based on grievance, rather than real solutions, and that stands in contrast to our approach.
There are specific instances where we could deliver billions of pounds of investment to Scotland if there was a change in policy from the Scottish Government, be it on new nuclear in places where Scotland could benefit from small modular reactors, or on the recent decision to pull support for the Rolls-Royce-led plan for a welding centre for apprentices in the defence sector, which would enable them to support the maintenance of Royal Navy submarines.
The SNP Government are actively making decisions that get in the way of that investment.
If we cannot change their policy, let us change the Scottish Government.
Eastbourne’s posties are legends, including Manuel, who covers my patch.
Upstream issues in the Royal Mail, however, mean that constituents like Michaele are not receiving letters for medical appointments until after the appointment time has passed.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss these appalling delays, and the urgent action that must be taken to ensure that our residents get their post on time?
The hon.
Member is right to pay tribute to the tremendous work that posties do up and down the country, rain or shine, to deliver the mail.
There have, of course, been issues with performance in the Royal Mail.
I am happy to discuss that further with him, and to make sure, with the help of Ofcom, that we get the service that everyone deserves.
On Friday, the Select Committee on Science, Innovation and Technology published its report on social media algorithms, following the Southport  riots.
Indeed, there is a Select Committee statement on the report this afternoon.
Stakeholders have expressed concern that ongoing trade negotiations with the United States might prevent the Government from responding to the report’s recommendations, holding social media companies to account and keeping the public safe online.
Can the Minister reassure us that that is not the case?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend and all colleagues that those decisions will always be in the domain of this Government and this Parliament in the UK.
There has been a lot of speculation, during the trade negotiations, about what may or may not be involved, but we have shown that we deliver on jobs, goods and services, and that is the basis of sound trade negotiations.
My constituents, Mr and Mrs Greathead, supply specialist industrial products to businesses across the UK and Europe.
Since Brexit, they have faced many extra layers of difficulty, delays and costs, and they are in the middle of a three-year battle with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to ensure that correct tariffs are charged.
Will the Minister please look into the barriers that my constituents face when trading with Europe, and ensure that excessive red tape does not hold them back?
I sympathise with the hon.
Member’s constituents on the difficulties that they face.
On the challenges that he says they face with HMRC, he may want to get in contact with my colleague, the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, who has responsibility for HMRC.
At a panel discussion earlier this year, I joined a group of leading women in the hospitality sector, who repeatedly highlighted that the lack of female representation in leadership roles and ownership is a persistent barrier to progress in the sector.
What steps is the Minister taking to support women in the hospitality industry into leadership and ownership roles?
This is an important issue.
The Invest in Women taskforce is looking at some of the very real barriers that women entrepreneurs face, both in hospitality and more generally.
Access to finance is one of the challenges that we have heard back about.
A fund is being put together to help women entrepreneurs with that, but we need to do more, and our SMEs strategy will set out our plans in that regard.
We have heard this morning that the review of the UK Internal Market Act 2020 somehow tramples on Holyrood, but in fact, the Government say: “Devolved Governments will have greater flexibility to set rules”.
Is there not a danger that this invites the SNP Government to introduce change for the sake of change, and divergence for the sake of divergence, thus damaging trade right across the country?
Well, if I am simultaneously being criticised by the SNP and the Conservative party, I am pretty sure that we have got the balance right.
The UK Internal Market Act seeks to strike the appropriate balance between giving devolved Governments flexibility on policy and avoiding unnecessary barriers for UK businesses.
I believe we have got that balance exactly right.
The over 1,000 employees at the Lotus plant in South Norfolk and Norwich North are the pride of our constituencies, and I thank the Secretary of State for his support in recent weeks.
May I ask for a meeting with him and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Alice Macdonald) , so that we can talk about our discussions with local employees?
I can absolutely guarantee my hon.
Friend that we will have that meeting.
I appreciate the work that we have been able to do together, reacting   to the media reports that initially surfaced.
There is some clarity from the company, but not the full degree of clarity that we need.
I will make sure that we get that meeting set up for him and his colleagues.
We have just had our fifth consecutive month of job losses announced, and research shows that as many as 17% of companies are considering redundancies.
What is the Government’s analysis of why this is happening?
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that we have had four interest rate cuts, almost 400,000 jobs have been created, our industrial strategy has been hugely welcomed, and we have had three deals, so it is perhaps not a surprise that recent surveys point to a nine-year high in business confidence.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the new policies announced in the Government’s strategy for elections.
The Government have today published our strategy for modern and secure elections.
When we came into power just over a year ago, the Government committed through our manifesto to bringing forward measures to strengthen our precious democracy and uphold the integrity of our elections.
The strategy we have published today sets out how we will legislate and implement provisions to extend the voter franchise to 16 and 17-year-olds, increase participation in our elections, tackle the inconsistencies in voter identification rules, and protect our democracy by overhauling our political finance rules.
We recognise that there is a growing and worrying trend of candidates, administrators and electors facing harassment and intimidation, which has a chilling effect on our democracy.
We are bringing forward measures to tackle this issue.
I thank Mr Speaker and the Speaker’s Conference for the work that is being conducted, and the report that has been published, on harassment and intimidation.
We will fix the foundations of how elections operate by taking forward a range of practical measures to ensure that elections continue to be delivered successfully.
Our democracy is central to who we are as a country.
We can take pride in its evolution, and in how it continues to inspire.
The Government have a responsibility to protect and strengthen it.
The plans we have announced today will future-proof our democracy, secure our elections and protect them against interference.
We will deliver on these plans during the lifetime of this Parliament through a programme of reforms, which will include an elections Bill that will be introduced in due course.
Through this strategy, we will usher in a new chapter in our democracy that reflects our principles and restores faith in our politics.
I look forward to working with colleagues from across the House on this very important agenda.