We are determined to continue working with hospitality businesses, whether in Scotland or in the rest of the country.
As I said in an earlier answer, we have set out plans for a licensing taskforce to look at what else we can do to lower the cost of red tape and regulation.
As the hon.
Lady rightly says, we are taking measures to reform business rates, and perhaps the Scottish Government might like to follow our example.
In my constituency, Lydia and Frankie both run businesses that employ around 50 individuals.
They both have covid loans and energy loans on top of the usual business pressures they suffer.
Beyond maintaining the current discount on business rates, may I urge the Government urgently to review business rates reform, which is so desperately needed?
I recognise that my hon.
Friend is a great champion of businesses in his constituency, and I was pleased to meet one of them when I was there recently.
I absolutely recognise the significance of business rates reform.
The Chancellor has been very clear that she is committed to business rates reform, and we will set out further detail on our plans in the Budget later this year.
Despite public transport linking people from the Braes, Bonnybridge, Bainsford and beyond to Falkirk, the high street has been dwindling over the past 20 years.
SNP and Tory councillors decided to cut the “free after 3” parking scheme for Falkirk town centre businesses and further drive footfall away from our high street restaurants, cafés and pubs.
In the forthcoming small business strategy, will the Minister  consider looking at how this Labour Government can support accessible and cheap parking in Scottish town centres?
I very much sympathise with my hon.
Friend’s frustration about what both the SNP and the Conservatives have done to free parking in his constituency.
I sympathise because the Tory-run council in my constituency has taken similar steps to curtail free parking, which has undoubtedly had an impact on the town centre.
I hope that the concerns my hon.
Friend has articulated today will be heard loud and clear in his constituency, and that action will be taken.
Our SME strategy will set out a range of steps that we are determined to take to back small businesses and help entrepreneurs across Britain.