The Liberal Democrats welcome the plans in the recently announced industrial strategy to reduce some of the world’s highest industrial energy prices.
However, businesses across the UK, especially in hospitality and on our high streets, are still struggling with unaffordable energy costs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that small businesses can benefit from more sustainable pricing?
Will he encourage his Cabinet colleagues to consider proposals set out by the Liberal Democrats yesterday to break the link between gas prices and energy costs, which would halve energy bills in a decade, so that people and businesses across the country can enjoy the true benefits of cheap, clean and renewable power?
I have to apologise to the hon.
Lady, because I have not yet seen the Liberal Democrats’ policy proposals, but I look forward to that treat over the summer.
I am grateful to her for backing our plans on energy  costs.
We are supporting a pilot in the west midlands to help SMEs to reduce their energy costs.
It offers full energy audits and funding to implement measures that can bring down energy costs.
The scheme seems to be working well, and we have recently extended it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This has been a year of real achievement for the Department for Business and Trade.
From holding our record-breaking international investment summit, which saw £63 billion committed to the UK, to intervening decisively to save British Steel’s Scunthorpe site and all the shipyards at Harland and Wolff, we have safeguarded thousands of jobs.
We have reformed the Competition and Markets Authority, changed the zero emission vehicle mandate, altered the remit of the Low Pay Commission and introduced the Employment Rights Bill.
We have quadrupled compensation payments to victims of the Horizon scandal.
We have agreed trade deals with India, the EU and the US and published a comprehensive trade strategy to help us to secure greater access to global markets for British business.
We have brought forward our industrial strategy, and last week a survey by Deloitte found that Britain has become the most attractive place to invest in the world.
We are delivering this Government’s plan for change, putting money into people’s pockets, driving growth and kickstarting a decade of national renewal.