Hugh’s law would have brought in job protection and financial support for parents of children aged between 29 days and 16 years and guaranteed parental leave while those children were receiving palliative care.
The Government voted down an amendment last night to the Employment Rights Bill that would have brought that in.
This campaign has been fought by Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis, and many Government Back-Bench MPs have stood side by side with them through that campaign.
Why has the Minister turned his back on those parents and those children?
We are not turning our back on parents or children.
We are actually having the biggest expansion in workers’ rights and family-friendly policies that we have seen in a generation.
Clearly, we will not be able to satisfy every issue in this area, but that is the point of the review.
We are looking at the system in the round.
It needs improving and modernising and that is what we intend to do.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on north Wales.
I am delighted by the hugely positive response that the industrial strategy has received.
It is a plan to lift every part of the country, making it easier and quicker to do business and to invest.
For north Wales, with its formidable prowess in advanced manufacturing,  it is a very significant set of proposals.
The same is true for Wales as a whole, as I demonstrated on Monday at Port Talbot at the groundbreaking of the new electric arc furnace, which will get the enhanced supercharger discounted energy price.
I totally agree with my right hon.
Friend; this Government’s industrial strategy backs businesses in Wales not just with words, but with action and billions of pounds of investment over the next decade.
In Wrexham, we are fortunate to have fantastic businesses, such as Kellogg’s and Hydro Aluminium among others, which have exciting ambitions for high-tech expansion.
One barrier that needs to be overcome is sufficient power supply to the industrial and trading estates where they are based.
Will the Secretary of State please update me on how the strategic sites accelerator will support them in doing so and the proposed timeline for its implementation?