Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World War II

veteran and D-Day survivor, ``Papa'' Jake Larson, for his invaluable

contributions to our nation.
Eager to serve his country, Jake enlisted in the National Guard at

just 15 years old after lying about his age.
After the attack on Pearl

Harbor in December, 1941, Jake was sent to Fort Dix, New Jersey before

heading overseas to Europe.
He advanced to the position of Operations

Sergeant where he assisted in planning the invasion of Normandy in

Operation

Overlord.
In 1944, Jake arrived on the shores of Omaha Beach carrying

74 pounds of gear and narrowly surviving what was at the time the

largest amphibious operation in history.
He avoided gunfire and

landmines, fighting the German Nazi forces and helping to liberate

France from Nazi control.
Throughout his time in service, Jake bravely

endured six battles, including the infamous Battle of the Bulge.
The

heroism and courage demonstrated by Jake and others were critical in

defeating the Nazis and putting an end to the war.
More recently, Jake Larson earned the nickname of ``Papa Jake'' from

his online presence as a storyteller on TikTok and Instagram.
Online,

Papa Jake shares details of his time in the U.S. Army, teaching

audiences about our nation's history and reminding us of the sacrifices

that have been made to protect our freedom.
Jake has amassed over 1.3

million followers on social media and his stories have touched

countless lives.
As we commemorate the 81st anniversary of D-Day, I'd like to extend

my gratitude and respect to Jake for his extraordinary bravery.
Please

join me in recognizing ``Papa'' Jake Larson for his dedicated service

to our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF JOSEPH CALABRIGO

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Joseph

Calabrigo as he retires from the Town of Danville.
Joe has served Danville residents for decades, starting with the Town

of Danville in 1985.
He has served in many positions for the town,

including Chief of Planning, Transportation Director, Administrative

Services Director and Assistant Town Manager.
He was appointed as Town

Manager in 1993, being only the third person to hold this title since

the town's inception.
Throughout his tenure, Joe has worked tirelessly

to foster a vibrant community in the Town of Danville and has

diligently served the town's residents.
Joe oversaw the development of

all three of Danville's General Plans and both Master Plans.
He has

worked with every councilmember ever elected in the town and worked

alongside seven police chiefs.
Additionally, Joe's leadership was

critical as he guided the town through three recessions and a global

pandemic while still maintaining a balanced budget.
Joe has continually

demonstrated his steadfast commitment to service and his community.
Joe is a consummate professional and his work has helped to shape

Danville into the beautiful community it is today.
His time as Town

Manager is marked by his dedication and years of expertise as the

longest tenured city or town manager in the Tri-Valley.
His leadership

and collaboration have galvanized the respect of many and have left an

indelible impact on his neighbors and peers.
Please join me in congratulating Joseph Calabrigo on his well-

deserved retirement after decades of devoted service to the Town of

Danville.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
153.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GAVIN PROFFITT

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gavin Proffitt for

his service to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce.