Title: HONORING GREG MURPHY AND CONGRATULATING HIM ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM NUCOR CORPORATION; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
97

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GREG MURPHY AND CONGRATULATING HIM ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM

NUCOR CORPORATION

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Greg Murphy,

Executive Vice President and General Counsel of North America's largest

steel producer and recycler, Nucor Corporation.
Tomorrow, June 7, 2025,

Greg will retire from Nucor after serving the past decade as head of

the company's legal department and overseeing Nucor's public affairs,

communications, and environmental functions.
A native of Western New York, Greg spent his career in Charlotte

after receiving his undergraduate degree from Canisius College and law

degree from the University of Michigan.
Greg had the honor of clerking

for one of North Carolina's most well-known federal judges, the

Honorable James McMillan, followed by a quarter century practicing law

with Moore & Van Allen, where Greg led the Litigation Practice Group

and served on the Executive Committee.
Greg's success would not have been possible without the love and

support of his wife, Marcy, and their children, Sean and Alexandra.
In

addition to enjoying time with family, golf will play a prominent role

in Greg's retirement.
He is not only an avid golfer, but Greg was also

once named the Southern Piedmont Conference Golf Coach of the Year,

another accomplishment showing his dedication to the things he loves.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Mr. Greg Murphy for his

outstanding career with Nucor and leadership in North Carolina's legal

community.
I wish him the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MICHELLE AND DAN KING

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

recognize Michelle and Dan King for their dedicated ministry and

unwavering commitment to serving the Vicksburg community through New

Beginnings Ministry of Vicksburg Training and Equipping Center.
Since assuming leadership of the church in 2014, Michelle and Dan

King have worked tirelessly to fulfill their mission of training and

equipping followers of Christ, ensuring they are prepared for outreach

and service.
Their approach extends beyond the pulpit--they seek to

empower individuals with the knowledge, faith, and tools needed to

carry God's message into the world.
Michelle King not only ministers within the church but also serves as

a hospice chaplain, providing comfort and spiritual guidance to those

facing life's most challenging moments.
She further extends her

ministry through a weekly Facebook Live lunchtime sermon, offering

encouragement and faith-based teachings to a broader audience.
In addition to their spiritual work, the Kings have made a tangible

impact in the community through God's Storehouse, a food distribution

ministry that provides essential nourishment to families in need.
Their

dedication to service has brought hope and relief to many, reinforcing

the foundational Christian principles of compassion and generosity.
Michelle's journey of faith is a testament to the transformative

power of belief and perseverance.
Though not raised in the church, she

found her calling later in life and has since committed herself fully

to guiding others on their own spiritual paths.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Michelle

and Dan King for their exceptional ministry and selfless contributions

to the people of Vicksburg.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MY LONGTIME POLICY DIRECTOR, ELIZABETH JOSEPH

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Policy

Director, Elizabeth Joseph, for her service to the people of the Third

Congressional District of Mississippi.
Elizabeth joined my office with

an impressive resume, having worked for Senator Thad Cochran and

Congressman Gregg Harper.
Elizabeth started with me when I was sworn

into office in January 2019 and brought a wealth of knowledge that

helped lay a solid foundation for my office.