Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Policy

Director, Elizabeth Joseph, for her service to the people of the Third

Congressional District of Mississippi.
Elizabeth joined my office with

an impressive resume, having worked for Senator Thad Cochran and

Congressman Gregg Harper.
Elizabeth started with me when I was sworn

into office in January 2019 and brought a wealth of knowledge that

helped lay a solid foundation for my office.
A native of Clinton, Mississippi, Elizabeth earned her bachelor's

degree from the University of Mississippi and was inducted into the Ole

Miss Hall of Fame in 2010.
Elizabeth also completed her Masters of

Public Affairs at the University of Texas, researching the power of

social media for members of Congress.
Her impressive research was

published through the Congressional Research Service.
Elizabeth helped build a legislative team in my office that makes

Mississippi a priority every day.
Elizabeth's knowledge of healthcare

and defense issues, among others, has been recognized throughout her

career.
While serving on my team, Elizabeth was presented with the

prestigious Patrick Henry Award from the National Guard Association of

the United States.
Elizabeth's dedication to our national defense has

been instrumental to Mississippi and our Nation.
Elizabeth led sessions each year throughout the Third Congressional

District with local leaders and elected officials.
These sessions

helped to build both relationships with the communities we serve and a

greater understanding of the appropriations process, which has resulted

in a high acceptance rate for community project funding requests

submitted by my constituents.
I am honored to have had Elizabeth Joseph on my staff these last 6.5

years.
My team and I will greatly miss her smile, expertise, and

dedication to Mississippi.
Elizabeth will continue her service to the

United States Congress at the Senate Appropriations Committee's Labor,

Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies

Subcommittee.
This is a huge honor for her and for the state of

Mississippi.
I thank Elizabeth for her dedication to my team, for

laying a great foundation, and for always supporting fellow

Mississippians.
I am thankful to have had so many great years with her

on my team.
I wish Elizabeth the best in her new role.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 200TH ANNIVERSAY OF THE LOG INN'S FOUNDING

HON.
MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 200th anniversary of

the Log Inn, a Gibson County landmark located on the outskirts of

Haubstadt, just north of Evansville, Indiana.
This great restaurant put down its roots in 1825, and bore witness to

Indiana's early growth, first as a trading post and a stagecoach stop

between Evansville and Vincennes.
On its bicentenary, the Log Inn is vaunted for hosting not just the

Hoosier patrons that make up our community, but also importantly,

Amenca's 16th Commander in Chief, President Abraham Lincoln.
Furthermore, it once served as a stop on the Underground Railroad and

is recognized as the oldest restaurant in Indiana.
Today, this monumental testament to the incredible history of our

community serves Hoosier families daily as they enjoy both the great

history of the Log Inn, and the delicious food it provides.
I celebrate the Log Inn for all its contnbutions to Indiana's 8th

Congressional District, and I look forward to its continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAKE LARSON

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World War II

veteran and D-Day survivor, ``Papa'' Jake Larson, for his invaluable

contributions to our nation.
Eager to serve his country, Jake enlisted in the National Guard at

just 15 years old after lying about his age.
After the attack on Pearl

Harbor in December, 1941, Jake was sent to Fort Dix, New Jersey before

heading overseas to Europe.