Therefore, during the new Decade of Action

2021-2030 the World Day will have the important role of helping to

achieve the 50 percent road casualty reduction target.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today as we remember the victims of road

traffic collisions and their families.
In honoring the lives ended too

soon, we face the profound losses of the communities they left behind

and a responsibility to do everything in our power to ensure these

tragedies become rarities.
We must protect the lives of all road users,

and I hope to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do

that.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARIE FLICKINGER

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a long-time

pillar of the Southeast Houston community, Marie Flickinger, who passed

away on November 11, 2024.
After becoming the first woman elected to the San Jacinto College

District Board of Trustees in 1995, Marie served as Chair from 2007 to

2013 and again from 2017 until her retirement on November 4, 2024.
She

spent these nearly 30 years devoted to ensuring the institution's

success, achieving numerous awards along the way.
Many have referred to Marie as the honorary ``Mayor of South Belt''

due to her involvement in practically every aspect of the community, an

extensive list that included the founding of the South Belt-Ellington

Chamber of Commerce, the local newspaper, and St. Luke the Evangelist

Catholic Church, as well as the organization of countless community

events.
As a co-founder and publisher of the South Belt-Ellington Leader,

Marie became known for her work shedding light on the impact of the

Brio Superfund site in the 1980s, which eventually led to its

remediation.
Marie also

delved into the political arena, serving on two Mayoral Transition

Committees for the City of Houston.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt Marie's legacy will be remembered, and

my prayers are with her family, her San Jacinto College family, and the

South Belt community during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PHILIP CHRISTOPHER FOR HIS ADVOCACY ON BEHALF OF CYPRUS AND

HELLENIC ISSUES

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mr.

Philip Christopher, a leader and steadfast advocate for freedom and

justice for the Cypriot people.
For over 50 years, Mr. Christopher has

championed the cause of Cyprus, dedicating his life to the struggle for

the reunification of Cyprus, the rights of the Cypriot people, and the

broader Hellenic community.
Mr. Christopher is the founder and President of the Pancyprian

Association of America and the International Coordinating Committee

``Justice for Cyprus'' (PSEKA).
Through these organizations, he has

tirelessly promoted Cypriot sovereignty and human rights, advocating on

behalf of Cyprus and Hellenic issues with passion and dedication.
As a

refugee, who was forced to flee his beautiful homeland of Kyrenia,

Cyprus following the illegal occupation of the island nation by the

Turkish military in 1974, no one is more passionate and dedicated to

these issues than he is.
His efforts have left a lasting impact, as he

has worked to ensure that the voice of the Greek Cypriot community is

heard in the halls of Congress and across the United States.
Philip Christopher's contributions have not gone unrecognized.
He has

received numerous honors, including the Republic of Cyprus Medal of

Honor, the title of Honorary Mayor of Kyrenia, and honorary

citizenships from multiple Cypriot communities.
He was also the first

Greek Cypriot to receive the prestigious Ellis Island Medal of Honor in

the United States.
In 2024, he served as Parade General Chairman of the

NYC Greek Independence Day Parade.
These awards and recognition are a

testament to his exemplary commitment to his community and his

invaluable role as a bridge between Cypriot and American interests.