Mr. Gelman is also a trailblazer for girls' sports in our community.
In 1986, recognizing a void in opportunities for female athletes, he

founded the Bison Girls Hockey Program, the first of its kind in

Western New York.
His efforts opened doors for countless young women to

compete in hockey at the highest levels.
Today, we celebrate Warren B. Gelman, and his induction to the

Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame.
His contributions to Western New

York's sports community, particularly his efforts to elevate the

visibility and opportunities for women in athletics, have had a lasting

and profound impact on the region.
Mr. Gelman's legacy of service,

leadership, and dedication will continue to inspire generations of

athletes, coaches, and community leaders for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THOMAS JEFFERSON

UNIVERSITY

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following Proclamation: Whereas, Thomas Jefferson University was

founded in 1824 as the Jefferson Medical College, now Sidney Kimmel

Medical College, and served as one of the nation's first medical

schools;

Whereas, Jefferson Medical College was the first medical college to

open a clinic for the poor and accept free patients;

Whereas, Jefferson quickly became a pioneer in medical education, and

since its founding 200 years ago, has grown into a renowned university,

regional health system, and non-profit health insurer;

Whereas, for two centuries, Jefferson faculty and graduates have been

innovators and leaders in education, research, discovery and clinical

care, with achievements ranging from the discovery of the mosquito

vector for yellow fever and the invention of the heart-lung machine to

the development of nationally recognized textile engineering and

fashion design programs;

Whereas today, Thomas Jefferson University is a beacon of success for

universities across the nation, with a future-focused model for the

education of professionals whose careers will extend through the

dynamic 21st century;

Whereas, Jefferson has become a research powerhouse whose world-class

scholars and investigators work across the spectrum from basic

discovery to translation and application of new knowledge; and

Whereas, Jefferson has both a growing role in helping solve global

society's most pressing problems and a steadfast commitment to

improving life for its local communities and people; so now, therefore,

be it

Resolved, That I congratulate Thomas Jefferson University as it

embarks on its third century of education, discovery, healthcare, and

community engagement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING WORLD DAY OF REMEMBERANCE FOR ROAD TRAFFIC VICTIMS

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sunday, November

17th as the World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims.
Each

year, the third Sunday in November, the World Day of Remembrance for

Road Traffic Victims is a chance to commemorate the millions of lives

lost or injured due to road accidents.
On this day we also pay tribute

to emergency responders and medical professionals who answer the calls

and face the trauma of road death and injury daily.
According to the Association for Safe International Road Travel, an

estimated 1.35 million people around the world die in road crashes each

year.
This is a crisis that continues day in and day out in all

countries of the world.
Affecting primarily our most vulnerable

communities and our youth.
Therefore, during the new Decade of Action

2021-2030 the World Day will have the important role of helping to

achieve the 50 percent road casualty reduction target.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today as we remember the victims of road

traffic collisions and their families.
In honoring the lives ended too

soon, we face the profound losses of the communities they left behind

and a responsibility to do everything in our power to ensure these

tragedies become rarities.