He was also the first

Greek Cypriot to receive the prestigious Ellis Island Medal of Honor in

the United States.
In 2024, he served as Parade General Chairman of the

NYC Greek Independence Day Parade.
These awards and recognition are a

testament to his exemplary commitment to his community and his

invaluable role as a bridge between Cypriot and American interests.
Beyond his advocacy, Mr. Christopher has demonstrated significant

achievements as an executive in the telecommunications industry and as

a board member of various respected organizations.
His dedication to

excellence in both his professional and community endeavors is an

inspiration.
Today, I commend Philip Christopher for his enduring dedication to

Cyprus and the Hellenic community and express gratitude for his

tireless efforts to further the cause of justice and freedom.
His

legacy stands as a beacon of leadership and commitment that strengthens

the bonds between Cyprus and the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN ATTILIO ERRANTE

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of John Errante of Springfield, Missouri, who recently passed away

after a three-year battle with cancer.
He was 41 years old.
John was an amazing individual.
He was self-taught and a member of

Mensa.
As his long-time friend, Beau, said of him, ``He was routinely

the smartest man in the room, in a room filled with smart people.
He

had a way of seeing to the core of a problem, and embracing and

implementing solutions no one else would have considered, much less

tried.''
John loved the arts and was a composer and a concert pianist.
As a

teenager, he became involved in politics and attended the Leadership

Institute here in Washington, DC.
While there, our homeland was

attacked on September 11th, which had a profound effect on John.
This

led him to join the U.S. Army where he served in Army Psychological

Operations in both Iraq and Afghanistan.
After leaving the military, John moved to Springfield where he

graduated from Missouri State University on the President's List, the

university's highest honor reserved for those who receive a 4.0 grade

point average or higher.
He again became involved in politics, serving

as the communications director for his friend Bill's gubernatorial

campaign.
Ultimately, he became employed as a marketing specialist with

MediaCom.
John's life was defined by service . . .
to his country, to his

neighbors, to his family and friends.
He was taken from us too soon and

will be greatly missed by his father, Steven Errante, his mother, Arla

Collins and a host of friends who loved him.
It is my great honor to

recognize this remarkable individual, and I am praying for peace,

comfort and good memories for his family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I was not present to vote on November 14,

2024 as I was attending to the medical emergency of a member of my

staff.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
461; YEA

on Roll Call No.
462; NAY on Roll Call No.
463; and YEA on Roll Call

No.
464.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ILLECE BUCKLEY WEBER AND HER REMARKABLE SERVICE TO THE CITY

HON.
JULIA BROWNLEY

Ms. BROWNLEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Illece Buckley

Weber, Mayor of the City of Agoura Hills, and an inspirational public

servant who has dedicated her career to being a voice for the people

who call this beautiful and vibrant community home.
Throughout her tenure, Mayor Buckley Weber has been a tireless

advocate for her community, prioritizing the values of collaboration,

service, and progress.
Her leadership has not only guided Agoura Hills

through challenging moments but has also laid the foundation for

continued growth and prosperity.