It should be noted that the reason overhead lines are preferred is the cost of undergrounding.
Not only is it vastly disruptive, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Norfolk (Duncan Baker)  said; either undergrounding or offshore is five to ten times more expensive than having overhead infrastructure, and sometimes even more than that.
That is why it is the starting presumption.
We want to power Britain from Britain and in a low-cost manner, so that when we get to the 2030s and we have decarbonised our electricity system, we have a low-cost electricity system, while ensuring that we install the infrastructure in a way that is friendly and supportive to communities.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential merits of energy social tariffs.
The Government remain focused on providing help where people need it most.
We are already providing a package of support totalling over £104 billion, or £3,700 per household on average, from 2022 to 2025.
Last year, the Government promised action to help the most vulnerable with their energy bills.
In April 2023, the Secretary of State’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Grant Shapps) , said that “a social tariff could be very helpful”.—[Official Report,
18 April 2023 ; Vol. 731, c. 111.]
Nearly a year on, we have heard absolutely nothing about a social tariff.
Will the Minister explain to the House why the Government have abandoned plans for a social tariff?
As the hon.
Member will know, we are continuing our support for vulnerable households, and it is important that we help households as best we can.
As an example, we have the £900 cost of living payments and the warm home discount payment.
Obviously, we will constantly monitor where we are and will ensure that we continue to support all those vulnerable households.
There is indeed a need for a social tariff, whether it is a cost of living crisis or a lack-of-wages crisis, given that the Resolution Foundation reported at the beginning of December that average wages across the UK were £10,700 lower than they should be compared with other comparable countries, following the past 15 years.
There probably is a lack-of-wages crisis hitting the UK.
Regardless, the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee said in our “Preparing for the winter” report, in paragraph 24: “We urge the Government and energy suppliers to consider implementing a form of social tariff and other measures to protect vulnerable households from being cut off from their energy supplies.”
That was a unanimous report across Labour Members, Tory Members and, of course, the pro-Scottish independence voice on the Committee, but will we see some movement on this from the Government?
It is important and needed by everybody, and it would be particularly welcome to my constituents in Na h-Eileanan an Iar.
As I have indicated, we are doing a lot of things to help people, including the most vulnerable in society.
It is worth pointing out that it was announced recently in the autumn statement that the national living wage will be worth £1,800 for a full-time worker and that benefits will increase by 6.7%, which is worth £470 a year.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
Fuel poverty is devolved.
Statistics for England are published annually by the Department.
The next English statistics will be published on  15 February  and will include estimates of the number of households in fuel poverty in 2023 and 2024.
Just under a third of people in my Jarrow constituency are now living in fuel poverty, like Maureen, who told me she is struggling to find an extra £975 per month due to the disability price tag.
That will be made worse by the recent news of the energy price cap rise.
Can the Minister explain why the Government still insist on giving subsidies worth billions to the oil and gas industry through loopholes in the windfall tax?
Would that money not be better spent cutting people’s bills?
I must point out the work the Government have been doing to help vulnerable people.
Not only that, but we have halved energy bills.
I have constant meetings with all stakeholders, including Citizens Advice and all the disability groups, and we are ensuring that we are supporting all vulnerable people in the cost of living crisis and as we go through this winter.
I also have increasing numbers of constituents with significant levels of energy debt coming to my office seeking fuel vouchers.
Why are the Government pursuing the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill, which the Minister herself has said will not bring down bills, when economic forecasters warn that delays in  decarbonising will leave consumers with higher prices?
Is it not time the Government dropped the focus on fossil fuels and delivered instead the public investment in renewable energy that will bring down bills and go some way to averting the climate catastrophe?
We are committed not only to helping vulnerable people, but to making sure we are providing the best energy security we can.
That is why we are committed to all the policies we have introduced.
I listened very carefully to the answer the Minister gave to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , but I am still none the wiser, so I will ask again: can the Minister set out what recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government about the social tariff, which the previous Secretary of State described as “very helpful”?
Just to reiterate, I have been having conversations with all stakeholders, and when I say stakeholders, that does not just mean Citizens Advice or Disability Rights UK, but across Government and with different devolved Departments.
I am sure the Minister will agree that energy security and supporting the most vulnerable in fuel poverty go hand in hand.
The way to address security is by both securing supply and cutting waste.
Can she set out what the Government and her Department are doing to reduce the waste of energy from people’s homes?
I want to acknowledge how hard my hon.
Friend works for his constituents.
Of course those are the things we are most mindful of: making sure we get energy efficiency not only in production, but in the way we use that energy.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses on the Government’s net zero targets.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses on the Government’s net zero targets.
I meet regularly with business leaders and chair several groups bringing together Government and industry so that we can drive progress towards net zero.
That includes the Net Zero Council, which is meeting next week and includes members from right across the economy.
Like me, they are delighted that the UK is leading the world in tackling climate change.
We are the first major economy to halve its emissions, ahead of every other major economy, and we have one of the most ambitious decarbonisation targets in the world.
Contrary to what the Minister has just said, and to what he said about onshore wind, this country has fallen on his party’s watch to seventh in the world for attracting investment in renewables.
Well-paid jobs, lower bills and economic growth will all follow,  but only if we attract investment, so why are the Government enabling what EY has described as the “diminishing of green policies” and undermining the economic benefits of net zero?