UK start-up Newcleo and French start-up NAAREA—Nuclear Abundant Affordable Resourceful Energy for All—have just announced a partnership to promote small modular nuclear reactors.
What support are the UK Government providing, and what proportion of our energy mix does the Minister think this kind of initiative can support?
My right hon.
Friend is right, and it is great to see excitement across the Chamber about developing nuclear.
It is just a shame that, when it came to the secondary legislation to enable the business models, Labour Members did not support it—they say one thing in one place and a different thing when it comes to making the laws of the land.
I am pleased to say to him that, under the Conservatives, the plan is to bring the jobs, technology and opportunity of small modular reactors to this country, as part the ambition for up to 25% of our electricity to come from nuclear by 2050.
I have been talking with businesses in South Ribble about achieving net zero.
Businesses on Leyland business park are exploring geothermal, and we also have the huge advantage of the Howick Cross substation bringing in energy from offshore wind, onshore wind in Scotland, and the north-west and Welsh nuclear fleet.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, in future, businesses will look to site themselves where there is reliable and accessible cheap energy, and that South Ribble is well placed to take advantage of that?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to highlight the benefits and attractions of South Ribble, and indeed the wider UK economy.
It is not just that the areas that have those services will attract business within the United Kingdom: by rewiring and leading the world in delivering a low-cost, low-carbon energy system, we can attract more investment from abroad and have a renaissance, not least in the north of England but also in Wales and Scotland—all around the country.
That is a result of the net zero policies that, uniquely, this country is managing to lead the world on following so many years of Labour failure.