Having shared a constituency border with the former Member for Kingswood for 14 years, I know that he was genuine in wanting what was best for his constituents.
He knew that a green transition would protect their jobs at Rolls-Royce and Airbus, help the science park to thrive, and bring opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises and the self-employed.
He knew that home insulation and clean energy would bring warmer homes to Warmley and Woodstock, and lower bills to Bitton.
He resigned because he had lost all hope that this Government would deliver on those things.
He was right, was he not?
Just to spell it out—because we do have to speak very slowly for the Opposition Front-Bench team—we have cut our emissions more than any other major economy, and our plans and the expectation of the UN are that we will continue to lead the world.
That is leading the world: not talking about it, not promising to borrow £28 billion and put everyone’s taxes up, and then fluctuating on a daily basis.
It is about delivery.
We have delivered and will continue to do so.
If we want to see the reality of Labour on energy, we only need to go to Nottingham.
There, Labour invested in Robin Hood Energy, which went spectacularly bust—a forerunner of a Labour Government, perhaps, if there ever were to be one.
It is typical of Labour to reverse all the principles of Robin Hood: all Labour does is steal from the poor in order to pay for the bailiff.
How many homes had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
How many homes had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
Because of our plan, half of homes now meet the Government’s 2035 energy performance certificate band C goal, a significant jump from 14% in 2010.
In 2010, low-cost measures were targeted, with 960,000 installations.
In 2022, funding shifted to high-cost measures to benefit low-income households and less-efficient homes, resulting in approximately 200,000 installations last year.
I fear that the Minister may be referring rather too much to new build homes.
The reality is that in 2010 there were 1.8 million insulation measures introduced into cavity walls and lofts, yet in 2022, in comparison, there were only 80,000.
That has left my constituents in Reading and Woodley, who mainly live in Victorian and 20th-century homes, struggling with very high bills, so what is the Minister going to do about that?
The hon.
Gentleman did not acknowledge that we have moved from 14% to 50% because of the actions of a Conservative Government.
To answer his question directly, we are allocating around £20 billion to clean heat and energy efficiency over this Parliament and the next, which will benefit his constituents.
That includes our Great British insulation scheme, worth £1 billion, which will deliver insulation measures to around 300,000 of the country’s least energy-efficient homes, saving them £300 to £400 each year by March 2026.
I echo the observations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading East (Matt Rodda) .
I remember in 2008-09, long before I came into this place, working endlessly with Cambridge City Council and energy providers on encouraging people in the city to take up home insulation schemes.
Since then, we have seen precisely nothing—nothing has been going on.
Labour has a huge ambition for the future; what is the Government’s ambition?
I know mathematics is not a strong point for the Labour party, but I will go over the figures again: 14% to 50% over the course of the last three Parliaments, delivered by the actions of this Conservative Government.
We have a plan to continue to deliver for the least well-off in those homes that need more energy efficiency measures.
As I just said to the hon.
Member’s colleague, we are allocating £20 billion to clean heat mechanisms over this and the next Parliament, and we are going to continue to deliver for the British people.
Thousands of new homes are being built across the Kettering constituency.
What is my hon.
Friend doing, together with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, to decarbonise the future housing stock and improve energy efficiency in new build housing?
We recently announced further details of the £6 billion extension that will be allocated from 2025 to 2028.
This will support an extra 500,000 homes—prioritising those who need it most, but including new build—and is on top of support for 700,000 families to install improvements through the Great British insulation scheme and the energy company obligation by March 2026.
What recent discussions she has had with Ofgem on the compensation payment process for households that have had prepayment meters wrongfully installed.
I have met Ofgem and suppliers to reiterate my expectations that the new rules will be followed.
Ofgem has announced  that if a supplier wrongfully installs a prepayment meter, it will be expected to compensate its customers appropriately.
Forcing the installation of prepayment meters in the homes of some of our poorest and most vulnerable constituents is, frankly, a scandal.
Although the Government rightly paused forced installations last year, some energy companies have been allowed to resume this outrageous practice under a new rules regime, which the Minister referred to, that still faces many questions.
Does the Minister think that in the middle of winter—in a week when we have seen temperatures drop dramatically—we can trust energy suppliers that have a history of unscrupulous practices in force-fitting energy meters in the homes of vulnerable people to, in effect, self-regulate?
Will the Government instead legislate to ban the scandalous forced installation of prepayment meters once and for all?
I acknowledge how awful it was that people had their homes broken into to force fit prepayment meters, but there is also a place for prepayment meters to enable people and to support people out of debt.
I reassure the House that I have scrutinised every level of the regime for prepayment meters, now that we are going back to reinforcement, to absolutely ensure that we will not see all the scandalous practices that happened before.
What steps she is taking to support the oil and gas sector.
The North sea is a mature basin and production will naturally decline in the coming years.
The Government are committed to supporting our oil and gas industry and the energy transition, which is why we have the North sea transition deal and have introduced the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
We want to protect investment, the 200,000 jobs supported by the sector and the tens of billions of pounds coming in in taxes, as well as to use the existing industry to deliver the wider energy transition.
The Government’s action to use gas and oil reserves in the UK for the smooth transition to renewable sources is important for our energy security, but also offers great employment and wealth prospects in the process.
Is the Minister aware that Offshore Energies UK published a workforce insight last year that highlighted that the number of people working in the sector could be increased by 50%?
For that to become a reality, the sector needs to be stable and competitive.
What commitment can my right hon.
Friend offer to the stability and competitiveness of the sector?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is a declining basin, and it is so important as we go through the transition that we do not lose the skills and jobs of those people who are providing the oil and gas on which we currently rely.
No country is doing more to decarbonise than we are, but we will continue to use oil and gas for decades to come.
As our production falls even more quickly than our demand, and even more quickly than is required globally, it is essential that we support the industry, send the signal that my  right hon.
Friend suggested, and rebut the attitude of the Labour party, which would destroy those jobs, lose the tax and put up emissions.