There have long been serious concerns about the activities of Hizb ut-Tahrir, which have been exacerbated in the light of Hamas’s barbaric terrorist attack on Israel on  7 October .
It is right that the Government have looked at the evidence and intelligence on the threat posed by the group, and Labour supports the decision to proscribe it.
I also welcome the fact that urgent time has been found to debate the order this week.
Those who incite violence and promote or glorify terrorism have no place on Britain’s streets.
In that context, what progress has been made on proscribing the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, either via a statutory instrument, as the Government are using this week for Hizb ut-Tahrir, or by a new process to deal with hostile state actors for which there is wide cross-party support in this House?
Finally, I have to say that when I was first notified of an emergency business statement today, I did wonder whether the Government were having a rethink about their Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill in the face of the usual infighting and chaos.
Can the Leader of the House take this opportunity to confirm that, whether the Bill is or is not amended in Committee today or tomorrow, there will still be, as programmed, Third Reading at the end of tomorrow’s business?
There has been some suggestion that the Government may still table their own amendments and push Third Reading back to another day.
Would that not be further proof of the Prime Minister’s weakness and the fact that, when it comes to governing, they are just making it up as they go along?
First, I thank the hon.
Lady for her support for the statutory instrument that we are bringing forward.
The Home Office has taken its time to consider the matter, but it is very clear that the activities the  group is involved in fall into that category.
They need to be dealt with swiftly, which is why we brought forward the SI at the first available opportunity.
The hon.
Lady talks about the point of order I made last week.
She will fully appreciate that this is a different situation.
I am making a business statement today because we are changing the business that was previously announced.
Last week, I was simply giving Members advance notice of forthcoming business, because if I had waited until our exchanges on Thursday, it would have meant an unsatisfactory amount of time for right hon.
and hon.
Members to prepare amendments.
I will certainly ensure that the Home Secretary  has heard the hon.
Lady’s query about the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
Its activities are not restricted to what is happening overseas; it is engaged in activities on British soil against British citizens.
I know that there is a great deal of interest in that in all parts of the House.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the progress of the Rwanda Bill is subject to the House, and I shall make further business announcements in the usual way.
As a member of the Defence Committee, I know that it is an open secret that Iran is paymaster to, and helps to train, Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthi rebels in Yemen—there is no doubt about that throughout the international intelligence community.
I warmly welcome the decision to proscribe Hizb ut-Tahrir.
However, given what I have just said, and given the action that we have taken against the Houthi rebels in order to maintain freedom of navigation on the seas, can the Leader of the House foresee any circumstances in which she could return to the House in the near future to make a similar announcement about proscribing the IRGC?