The situation for bill payers this winter is even worse than it was last winter, which is why the SNP has called for the reinstatement of  the £400 energy support scheme.
However, the Government have stubbornly refused to sufficiently stand by householders, who are freezing all over these islands, despite reports of increased hospitalisations and the doubling of burns from hot water bottles in Scotland.
How will the Tories extend just a fraction of the interest they have shown in exploiting Scotland’s natural energy resources to the people of Scotland, who are freezing yet again this winter?
As I set out in response to the hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues, we have acted decisively, offering among the most generous support of any nation in Europe.
We can be proud of the efforts we have made and I am pleased to see that the energy price cap is down so significantly.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting the growth of the nuclear energy sector.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
Last week, I announced the biggest expansion of nuclear power for 70 years.
We will deploy a fleet of small modular reactors and build up to 24 GW of nuclear by 2050.
This will ensure we have reliable, cheap and low-carbon power to protect consumers from price volatility and hostile foreign regimes, bolstering our energy security.
A new civil nuclear road map is a welcome step in growing our nuclear sector, potentially creating jobs across the United Kingdom, from the north of Scotland to the south-west peninsula, and including sites like Wylfa.
What assessment has he made of the economic impact of the potential growth of the nuclear sector for the south-west region, particularly given the nuclear expertise at sites such as Devonport and Hinkley Point?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the nuclear sector supports jobs across the United Kingdom, and it would be very welcome if Governments across this United Kingdom were to come together and champion that industry as it grows over the next few decades.
The nuclear sector is vital to the economy of south-west England, as my hon.
Friend knows, providing up to 11,000 jobs in construction alone at Hinkley Point C, and will go on generating highly skilled jobs for generations as we continue to build up this important part of our energy security.