The Minister will know that the Climate Change Committee has a key role in advising the Government on their path to net zero, but he will also know that 18 months on from the resignation of Lord Deben as chair of that committee, the Government still have not announced a replacement, despite 60 applications for the role having been submitted and several people already having been interviewed.
Are the Government scared of having their record scrutinised, or are they simply determined to destroy any last shred of the UK’s climate leadership?
Will the Minister tell us now when the selection will be announced?
Given the hon.
Lady’s lifelong passion for this subject, I find it extraordinary that she never, ever recognises the unique achievement of this country in halving emissions.
I would have thought she would celebrate that.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Climate Change Committee’s chair is not just a matter for the UK Government.
The appointment of the chair of that committee has to be agreed by the devolved Administrations as well, and we are moving as quickly as we can.
Who is holding it up?
The best thing, as barristers know, is to not ask a question unless you already know the answer, because it might not suit you.
We are moving as quickly as we can to make sure that we have a chairman in place.
I share the hon.
Lady’s belief that it is an important role, and we want to have it filled as quickly as possible.
One of the most effective ways in which we can hit our net zero targets is by delivering an effective carbon capture and storage industry, and I was delighted to see the Government make an announcement just before Christmas about the next round of that.
The Morecambe bay net zero project based in my constituency could deliver a gigaton of carbon storage, helping some of our most energy-intensive industries through this transition period.
I invite my right hon.
Friend to come and visit.
I am not the Minister who leads on carbon capture, usage and storage, so I may have just swerved a visit, but of course I am always delighted to talk to my hon.
Friend.
If I can lean on my colleague in the House of Lords who is responsible for that policy area, I will let him know of my hon.
Friend’s kind offer.
I share his enthusiasm: by capturing the renewables around the UK and converting them into low-cost electricity, as we are also taking forward hydrogen and using the natural blessing of having so much carbon capture capability, we can deliver this country the jobs, the opportunity and the low-cost energy system for the future.
I look forward to my hon.
Friend’s continuing support.