My hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham)  was of course absolutely right: we have seen managed decline under this Government, with no coherent industrial strategy, total failure to get the grid connected where we need it, and different Departments giving mixed messages and providing complicated processes to access any support.
On top of all that, our industry has to pay twice as much on its energy bills compared with European competitors.
A recent report by UK Steel stated that our steel producers have to pay £117 million more per year on electricity, forcing the Government to deliver a subsidy through the supercharger, which in turn raises bills for everybody else.
Instead of such short-term policies, is it time for Labour’s industrial strategy, Labour’s grid reform and Labour’s mission to become a clean energy superpower, so that we can permanently cut bills for everyone, grow our economy and give Britain its future back?
This Government have demonstrated our commitment to help across the domestic and non-domestic sectors.
However, we also recognise the vital role that the steel sector plays in our economy.
In fact, the 2021 net zero strategy reaffirms our commitment to continue to work with the steel industry on decarbonisation.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The UK is the first major economy to halve its emissions.
Since the Prime Minister’s speech in September, we have announced the £960 million green industries growth accelerator, helped to deliver the first global agreement to transition away from fossil fuels at COP28, acted to protect motorists from unfair prices at petrol stations, announced backing for 11 major projects to produce green hydrogen, and committed to the biggest nuclear expansion in 70 years.
We have a plan.
Our plan is working and it will get us to net zero.
It will guarantee our energy security and bring consumers and the British people with us.
My constituents have told me they are no longer eligible to receive the warm home discount, which, along with Ofgem’s price increase, is making the cost of living even more severe in the City of Durham.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that?
What, if any, discussions has he had with the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work,  the hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies)  about the impact of fuel poverty on disabled people?
We are providing targeted support for the most vulnerable through the warm home discount.
I am pleased to say that we have raised it to £150 and extended it so that it now reaches 3 million low-income households, giving them a rebate on their energy bills every winter.
Kettering is one of the greenest constituencies in the country, because the wind turbines and solar panels in the constituency generate enough electricity to power all 45,000 homes.
For the country as a whole, what percentage of our electricity was generated from renewables when the Conservatives came to power in 2010, and what is the percentage now?