The Prime Minister recently visited Bacton gas terminal in North Norfolk, which is home to a third of the UK’s gas supply and in the future could be an enormous hub for green energy production in the east of England.
Will Ministers reassure me that they will continue to consider Bacton as the future home for carbon capture, usage and storage technology as well as a hydrogen hub for the future in the east of England?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and the Prime Minister on the importance of Bacton, which, like all gas terminals across the country, has the potential to play a crucial role in our energy security.
The decarbonisation of these terminals is vital to delivering both economic growth and net zero.
The Hewett field, 20 km offshore from Bacton, was awarded a licence for carbon sea storage by the North Sea Transition Authority in 2023.
I hear his loud voice—it will be heard on the Government Benches—about its potential to be a hydrogen hub as well.
Data released last year suggests that Britain has one of the largest queues in Europe of wind and solar capacity waiting to be connected to the grid.
Will the Minister provide an update on what steps the Department is taking to reduce those waiting times?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight that issue.
At the autumn statement, we announced plans to halve the time it takes to build new critical powerlines as well as reducing average delays from five years to no more than six months.
The connection action plan at the more local level will release more than 100 GW of capacity and give powers to the system operator to terminate stalled projects.
We are seeking across multiple Departments—led by this one—to deal with the issues that she rightly raised.
A&P Falmouth in my constituency has submitted an application to the Government for floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme funding in readiness to support the first floating offshore wind project in English waters.
With Government support, it could supply electricity to 45,000 homes in Cornwall.
The scheme is shovel-ready, pragmatic and deliverable, with huge support from local stakeholders as well as being vital to building the supply chain further in the south-west.
Will my hon.
Friend, alongside Department for Transport colleagues, carefully consider the application to help me deliver that for Cornwall, the south-west and the Celtic sea cluster?
It is incredibly encouraging to hear about what is happening at A&P Falmouth.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme is providing up to £160 million to support investment in UK ports.
However, while FLOWMIS is still live, I am afraid I cannot comment on individual applications.
More than 15% of families in my constituency live in fuel poverty, with a median energy   efficiency score of just 65.
How much of the 2019 general election manifesto pledge to spend £9.2 billion on improving energy efficiency has gone on retrofitting existing properties and not on new builds?
I will have to write to the hon.
Member with the figure, but the Government remain firmly committed to new builds as well as to retrofitting.
Many Chelmsford residents have already switched to electric vehicles.
Those who live in houses with driveways pay just 5% VAT when they charge their cars at home, but those who live in terraced houses, who are often less well off, have to pay 20% VAT when they use a commercial charger.
I fully understand that tax is a matter for the Treasury Ministers, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that if we could level out this tax, we could make electric vehicles more affordable to all people and thus help with our transition towards a lower carbon economy?
As we make the transition, it is essential that we do so fairly, not least for those with less.
We have committed to keeping the transition to electric vehicles affordable for consumers, and we support innovations for those without a home charger such as cross-pavement cable channels and peer-to-peer charging schemes.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will continue to raise the VAT issue.
As she rightly said, all taxes, including VAT reliefs, are kept under review by the Chancellor.
The hospitality sector is very important to Chester.
Talking to the Chester business improvement district this morning, and following comments from chef Gary Usher, it is clear that the damaging impact of sky-high energy bills is still felt extremely significantly.
What hope can the Minister offer hard-pressed restaurateurs in Chester and across the country?
I am aware of the challenges facing all the industry.
I have ongoing talks with UKHospitality and other groups.
There are things that we can do, such as blend and extend, and we are looking at the brokers, and ensuring that third-party intermediaries are doing their jobs correctly.
Driving down to Parliament, I pass petrol stations.
In my constituency, prices were 136.9p and 137.9p.
However, at the service stations, they were 164.9p and 167.9p.
That is a massive difference, which the public just will not tolerate and want something to be done about it.
What will the Government do?
Road fuel prices are down for a second consecutive month.
Petrol prices are now at a level not seen since early October 2021, following our work to bring transparency to the market.
Today, we launched the consultation to require petrol stations to report real-time prices, which will mean that drivers can compare prices and get the best deal, and prices will fall through greater competition.
I am sorry to hear that the Secretary of State is ill, but could the Minister explain why she has taken money from Michael Hintze, funder of the Global Warming Policy Foundation, an organisation that peddles climate science denial?
Does he think that is appropriate?
I apologise for the Secretary of State not being here.
I will write to the hon.
Lady promptly in answer to her question.
Transparency is important in the development of the energy sector.
National Grid is refusing to publish its assessment of Bradwell as a potential landfall site for cables and interconnectors.
It must be logical to prioritise brownfield sites with existing connections to the electricity network.
Will my right hon.
Friend please require National Grid to publish fully its assessment so far?
When my right hon.
Friend thinks that something is important, she does not let it go.
That message will go out clearly from this Chamber, and I will happily work with her to see whether we can find a resolution and give her the information and insight that she requires.
Following the recent state visit from the Korean President, when he identified nuclear as one of the key sectors for future collaboration in the UK-Korea trade deal, and the publication—albeit two years later than promised—of the civil nuclear road map last week, could the Minister please detail what conversations are taking place with the Department for Business and Trade to maximise inward investment opportunities for the nuclear supply chain in Warrington North and across the UK?