However, we need to turn the page.
Recent years have been plagued by scandals, bad behaviour, disrespect, poor standards and poor legislation.
That is what next week’s motions on a modernisation committee and on second jobs are about: for the House to work together to drive up standards, improve working practices and find reforms to make Parliament more effective.
Let us be clear: it is not about changing the traditions and customs of this place—I know that you will be pleased to hear that, Mr Speaker—but the country voted for change.
We will be a Government of service and begin that journey of restoring trust in politics and Parliament—action, not words.
That is why we have hit the ground running by establishing the national wealth fund, resetting relations with junior doctors and dentists, launching the border security command, ending the ban on new onshore wind, taking immediate action on the prisons crisis, restoring house building targets and starting to tackle the water crisis—the list goes on.
The shadow Leader of the House asks about the economic record, house building and the Rwanda plan.
I gently say to him that, after such a resounding Conservative defeat at the ballot box, I do not think that his best advice is to start saying that their record was actually great all along or that their policies were the best ones for us to follow.
On the economic record, the truth is that living standards fell over the last Parliament for the first time on record.
He was Chief Secretary to the Treasury when former Prime Minister Liz Truss crashed the economy, sending mortgage rates  soaring.
Since we have come into government, we have discovered that things are even worse than we thought.
[Interruption.]
The Conservatives do not like it
but I am afraid it is true.
The country—[Interruption.]
Order.
Leader of the House.
The country voted resoundingly for change because it was worse off, so the Conservative party would be best advised to look deeply at why it lost, rather than claim that people never had it so good.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Rwanda plan.
The record speaks for itself: four volunteers were all that scheme achieved, and far from stopping the boats or acting as a deterrent, the Government presided over the highest number of small boat crossings on record.
It was an expensive gimmick that will not work, and the Home Secretary will update the House on that matter in the usual way very soon.
The Energy Secretary will update the House today on his plans for a clean energy superpower.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about house building and planning.
We make no apology: we are unashamedly pro-house building.
We have already restored the targets that his Government took away, and will be bringing in planning reforms to make sure that the country gets the 1.5 million new homes it needs.
The King’s Speech shows that the Government are getting on with the job, with one of the most ambitious programmes ever of an incoming Government: following through on commitments on things like the Hillsborough law and Martyn’s law, which the last Government failed to do, and putting rocket boosters under growth.
The guiding light will be delivering on our missions.
Yesterday was an historic moment: the first legislative programme from a Labour Government in 15 years.
We have a mandate for change; the journey towards that change has begun, and I look forward to working with Members across the House to get on with that job.
How wonderful it is to see you back in your rightful place, Mr Speaker.
Last weekend, Rhian Thomas from Catwg primary school in Cadoxton, in my new constituency of Neath and Swansea East, won the primary school teacher of the year award.
Rhian won the award for all she has done to create engaging learning experiences at Catwg primary school for pupils and the wider community.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Rhian, the school, and all teachers everywhere on everything they do for our children and young people?