I hope this urgent question, on a matter on which the House has been in agreement, will set us off on the right foot in working together in the national interest.
That matter is of course compensation for sub-postmasters affected by the Horizon scandal.
I was the previous Post Office Minister, and the House will know of my commitment and my party’s commitment to the individuals whose lives have been torn apart by this scandal.
It is right that the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Act received Royal Assent during wash-up to quash the convictions of hundreds of affected postmasters, but the Minister will know that the Act itself does not  provide compensation, which is why, alongside that legislation, we announced plans for a new Horizon convictions redress scheme.
This scheme will make compensation payments to those who have had convictions quashed by the Act.
In government, we ensured that Royal Assent was achieved as soon as possible so that there was no gap in the availability of compensation.
It is only right that postmasters have access to swift and fair compensation.
That is why we overturned those convictions.
Those with overturned convictions have the option of immediately taking a fixed and final offer of £600,000.
It is also why, in government, we changed the rules for those in the Horizon shortfall scheme so that they are entitled to a £75,000 fixed-sum award, bypassing the assessment process; so that all full and final settlements below that figure would be automatically topped up; and so that an appeal process for those in the HSS is also considered.
Although I am pleased that, as of  31 May , approximately £222 million has been paid to over 2,800 claimants across the scheme, I must push the Government for more detail on when the redress payments set out by the Horizon convictions redress scheme can be expected—we were told that it would be by July.
I also note that the Department for Business and Trade has said that it “continues to work” on the new Horizon convictions redress scheme.
I ask the Minister—[Interruption]—when will the scheme be up and running?
When does he expect the £75,000 top-ups and the HSS appeal process to be implemented, and the victims to be contacted to that effect?
When will he open the scheme?
Will he announce a date for full compensation under the Horizon convictions redress scheme?
Order.
I gently say to the Chamber that it is a new beginning, and we want to start on the right foot, not the wrong foot.
It is difficult to go from Government to Opposition, but there is a two-minute limit for the Opposition and a one-minute limit for the third largest party.
Please let’s stick to the rules and start as we mean to go on.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Secretary of State set out the intent he had in government, which we intend to carry on.
We also believe there is absolutely no reason why we should not continue to work on a cross-party basis, as we agree with him on the importance of delivering fast and fair compensation, which is at the heart of all we are trying to achieve.
We will be making a statement by the end of July, before the summer recess.
As the shadow Secretary of State has already noted, we have committed to do that.
We are working at pace with officials, victims and those who have been affected by the scandal to work up the detail, and an announcement will be made in due course.
It is good to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker.
The new Minister will recall the old saying that a new broom sweeps clean, and I am sure he will make progress very quickly indeed.
It seems to me that the Post Office scandal reveals a wider problem in British society.
Whether it is Orgreave, Grenfell, contaminated blood or the problems at Hillsborough, the British establishment  seems incapable of listening to the voices of ordinary people.
Will he raise that matter with other Ministers and see whether there is a way for this Government to ensure that is not repeated?
My hon.
Friend raises an interesting point.
In recent years, we, as Members, have reflected on the question of political accountability for decisions that have been taken and actions that have taken place over many years.
We will be reflecting on how best to ensure there is genuine political accountability in the system.