Will the Leader of the House update us on forthcoming business?
The business for the remainder of the week will include: Friday 19 July —Subject to the House agreeing the motion on today’s Order Paper, continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech on planning, greenbelt and rural affairs.
The business for the week commencing  22 July  will include: Monday 22 July —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech on the economy, welfare and public services.
Tuesday 23 July —Conclusion of the debate on the King’s Speech on immigration and home affairs.
Wednesday 24 July —Motion to approve
the Global Combat Air Programme International Government Organisation (Immunities and Privileges) Order 2024, followed by a general debate on education and opportunity, followed by, at 7 pm, the House will be asked to agree estimates.
Thursday 25 July —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates)
Bill, followed by a motion to approve the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (Requisite and Minimum Custodial Periods) Order 2024, followed by a debate on motions on second jobs for Members of Parliament and to establish a House of Commons modernisation committee.
Friday 26 July —General debate on making Britain a clean energy superpower.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 July  includes: Monday 29 July —Second Reading of the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill.
Tuesday 30 July —Second Reading of the Budget Responsibility Bill.
The House will rise for the summer recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 30 July  and return on  Monday 2 September .
Subject to the progress of business, the House will then rise for the conference recess on  Thursday 12 September  and return on  Monday 7 October .
First, I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your unanimous re-election to the Chair and your triumphant victory in Chorley with 75% of the vote.
Clearly we can all learn a great deal from you about how to win elections.
I look forward to working with you and, I hope, learning from your very long experience of this House.
Congratulations to all colleagues elected on  4 July , including those Opposition Members who had to work so hard to survive what was an electoral tsunami of biblical proportions.
I especially congratulate those on both sides of the House who were elected for the first time.
It is a huge honour to serve in this House.
My particular congratulations go to  the right hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  on her appointment as Leader of the House.
I hope that she has had the opportunity to practise wielding a sword for  several hours and wearing an embroidered cape with panache; her predecessor, Penny Mordaunt, was an expert at doing both things.
When looking at the Hansard of previous exchanges, I noticed that in the final business questions of the last Parliament, the shadow Leader of the House, as she was then, paid tribute to Penny’s renowned, formidable blow-dried haircut.
I can only apologise to the House for my own short back and sides being nothing in comparison.
I know colleagues on both sides of the House will miss Penny, wish her well and hope she returns here before too long.
I thank the House staff and Clerks for their work welcoming new Members, and the Leader of the House for the collegiate approach she has taken in our private discussions so far.
However, of course these exchanges are an opportunity to raise questions about House business and the associated conduct of Government.
Although the new Government are less than two weeks old, there are already some questions I would like to raise.
First, the Government have announced, with no reference at all to Parliament, that the Rwanda scheme—enabled by Bills that this House passed—has been scrapped.
The scheme had been due to start next week, and would have provided a deterrent to illegal immigration across the channel.
We have seen deterrents of that kind work elsewhere.
Since this Government came into office, more than 1,000 people have illegally and dangerously crossed the channel, with four tragically dying.
These crossings are unnecessary, France being safe.
When will the Government come to the House to explain the change of policy, and will there be any votes on it?
Moving on, according to press reports the Energy Secretary decided last week to cancel all new applications for oil and gas licences in the North sea.
If true, that will increase energy prices and make us more dependent on potentially unreliable foreign gas imports.
Why did the Government not first come to the House to explain the new policy, and will there be a vote on it?
The Chancellor gave a speech last week on housing and planning, during which the Housing Secretary and Deputy Prime Minister simply sat and listened in rather uncharacteristic silence.
The Chancellor announced that green-belt protections will be scrapped—or, as she euphemistically put it, the green belt will be rebranded as the grey belt.
Renaming whole swathes of green belt as grey belt is a piece of shameless spin that would make even Peter Mandelson blush.
When will the Government come to the House to explain their plans for the removal of green-belt protections?
The Chancellor also made some outlandish claims about the economy and public finances.
The economy is in fact in fantastic condition.
Inflation—[Interruption.]
Yes, it is—Members should listen!
Inflation is down to 2%, lower than in the eurozone and the United States.
Wage growth, in contrast, is much higher at 6%.
Unemployment is low, at half the level left behind by the previous Labour Government, and the UK’s economic growth so far this year is the highest in the G7.
I understand that the Chancellor might make a statement at some point to the House on these topics.
Will the Leader of the House confirm that any claims about public finance made in this House will be accompanied by a full Office for Budget Responsibility   forecast, so we can be sure that any such claims are not simply being concocted by the Chancellor as a pretext for tax rises?
Mr Speaker, I have listed several major policy announcements made in the past 10 days with no reference to Parliament at all.
You quite rightly said to the previous Government on many occasions that major policy announcements should be made when Parliament is sitting and first to the House.
I would welcome your assistance in ensuring that the new Government adhere to those principles.
Finally, then, I ask the Leader of the House to make a commitment now that all major policy announcements will be made only when the House is sitting, as the Speaker previously requested, and first to this House of Commons, where elected Members from all parties can ask questions, including the 250 or so newly elected Labour Members, who I am sure want to ask questions as well.
I would be very grateful if she would confirm that.
Order.
I think the problem is that people’s comments ought to reflect their previous jobs as well.
Maybe that comment is from knowledge about making statements outside the House.
I do not know; I do not make any judgment.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct that when the House is not sitting, of course statements will be made by the Government, but when the House is sitting, I expect them to be made in the House.
That has been a very clear message and the Leader of the House and I are both working to ensure that statements are heard here first.
I certainly take the point on board, but I do not want to be drawn into what we should or should not be doing in the future.
I welcome the ability to clarify the position.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I start by thanking His Majesty the King for yesterday’s Speech and join colleagues in wishing Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday for yesterday.
I also thank the staff and security services who have worked so hard both to get Parliament ready for the King’s Speech and on the huge task of transitioning from the last Parliament to this one, with so many new Members and so many leaving.
The election saw worrying incidents, including harassment and the sharing of misinformation and disinformation—it is unacceptable that some felt unable to go out campaigning, and our democracy depends on our coming together to say so—but we also saw the best of our democracy: the rapid changeover of power when people choose change.
May I thank you, Mr Speaker, for your leadership on MPs’ security?
I know that that is your top and most urgent priority.
May I also congratulate you on your re-election?
You are always fair and considered, and always put Members’ interests first.
Today might be the first big test of whether you know the names of all the new Members.
No tests, please.
We both share a strong commitment to upholding the role of Parliament and, as we have just discussed, to restoring respect.
That includes Ministers first making major announcements in the House, when it is sitting.
Rest assured, I will be robust on that, and I expect to see Ministers and Secretaries of State at the  Dispatch Box over the coming days as we play catch-up on the period in which the House was not sitting.
Thank you for your forbearance on that, Mr Speaker.