We now come to the Lib Dem spokesperson.
May I also say what a pleasure it is to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker?
I welcome the Leader of the House to her position, and congratulate her on the election results: securing such a large majority is no easy task, and her party at all levels deserves credit.
The same can be said for our party, the Liberal Democrats: we are now the largest third party in over a century, with our most MPs ever.
I thank all of the Liberal Democrats’ campaigners across the country who have fought tirelessly for a fair deal.
Our No. 1 priority is fixing the health and care crisis, so that no matter where in the country a person is, they can see a doctor or a dentist when they need to do so.
Also central to our campaign was a fair deal for social care staff.
The Government have promised to introduce a fair pay agreement for adult social care staff; while we Liberal Democrats welcome that announcement, there has been no detail of how it will be funded.
The Liberal Democrats would fund a fair pay deal for social care staff by reversing the tax cuts handed by the Conservative party to the big banks.
How will the Government fund that commitment?
Another issue that must be urgently addressed is our commitment to reach net zero.
The report published today by the Climate Change Committee makes clear that the days of U-turning on climate commitments and diluting environmental targets must come to an end.
Only a third of the emissions reductions required to achieve our 2030 target are currently covered by credible plans.
The Liberal Democrats are committed to the bold, urgent action needed to tackle climate change, cut energy bills and create hundreds of thousands of secure, well-paid jobs.
The Conservatives’ lack of ambition relinquished our place as a global environmental leader.
With COP29 nearing, the UK has a golden opportunity to turbocharge global climate change policies.
Of course, the worst scandal of the past few years has been the sewage scandal.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how we can fix this scandal, which has blighted our communities up and down the country?