As one proud Lancastrian MP to another, congratulations on your unanimous re-election to the Chair, Mr Speaker.
Planning on the green belt is a huge concern in my constituency of Fylde—housing is part of it, but there are also the Morgan and Morecambe wind farm proposals.
Most residents back the new renewable energy being  built off the Fylde coast, but there are concerns about the cabling and substation route, which appears to take the route of least resistance.
It will see miles of farmland and countryside dug up, and substations built in inappropriate locations.
We seem to be unable to get answers from the company on why that has been chosen as the preferred route, when other far more appropriate routes for cabling and substations exist.
Will the Leader of the House assure me that the Government will work with us to get answers from the company and clarity about the other routes that could be used for the cabling, and to ensure that it works with me, local campaigners and the council to get the most appropriate route?
Order.
This issue is so important that I think the hon.
Gentleman ought to think about having an Adjournment debate on it—although he nearly had one just then.
I warmly welcome the new Member to his place.
He is a rarity as a Conservative Member in north-west England and Lancashire.
He raises an incredibly important question: connecting the national grid appropriately to our new clean energy programme is a critical issue for the Government.
The Energy Secretary is here today to make an oral statement, so the hon.
Gentleman may want to raise the issue with him then.
There will be other opportunities in upcoming days if he is not able to get an answer later today.
On Tuesday, I was fortunate to visit Team Wales Business Club at the Principality stadium, where I met some fantastic, resilient young sportspeople: Alys Thomas, Poppy Ellis, and my constituent Harrison Walsh, the Paralympian discus thrower.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Team GB the best of luck in the Olympic and Paralympic games to be held in Paris this summer?
It will be a really exciting time for our young people, who can aspire to participate in these sports in the future.