I warmly commend the right hon.
Lady on her appointment.
Will she bring forward a debate in Government time on the future of Royal Mail?
There are obviously issues with the overall ownership of Royal Mail, but there are also serious service issues in constituencies like mine, where Royal Mail was found wanting in the delivery of election material; indeed, there were delays to postal votes.
It has now changed the uplift times for many post boxes, so many of my constituents will be unable to post a first-class letter on the basis that it will be delivered the following day.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises issues that I know were raised by many others during the election campaign.
If he is not able to raise them with the Secretary of State in the upcoming King’s Speech debate—possibly on Monday, when we are debating the economy and public services—I am sure that such issues would make an extremely good candidate for an Adjournment or Westminster Hall debate, and I hope he manages to secure one.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the Leader of the House to her place; I also welcome and look forward to debating the children’s wellbeing Bill announced yesterday.
In St Helens North, there are many children in mainstream education with special educational needs such as dyslexia and autism who are waiting for assessment or struggling for support, despite the best efforts of their fantastic schools and hard-working teachers.
I hope that that issue will be covered in the debate on the Bill, but if not, can parliamentary time be found to debate special educational needs so we can ensure that no child is left behind?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on asking his first question.
As a former teacher, he is laying down a clear marker that special educational need and children’s wellbeing will be at the forefront of his agenda as the new MP for St Helens North.
He will have seen that there will be an education debate next week; I hope he can raise these important issues then.
I very much welcome the Leader of the House to her position.
I look forward to a weekly relationship of questions and answers and wish her well.
I am very concerned about the Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill, a private Member’s Bill that Fiona Bruce, the then Member for Congleton, introduced under the last Government and that the then Prime Minister was going to bring in.
Unfortunately, such was his haste for an election that the Bill was not included in the wash-up before the last Friday; in another week, it would have been law.
What can we do to make sure that that private Member’s Bill can be proceeded with?
When the Prime Minister was in opposition, I had discussions with him about ensuring that the special envoy is in place.
Will the Leader of the House discuss that in Cabinet, or should we bring forward a debate?