It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Speaker, and I congratulate the Leader of the House on her appointment.
The recent closures of two Boots pharmacies in Hampton in my constituency came amid hundreds of other community pharmacy closures across England, driven largely by the financial pressures on community pharmacies from an outdated pharmacy contract, coupled with impenetrable bureaucratic NHS England processes that do not engage with local communities when it comes to closures and new licence applications.
Will the Leader of the House urgently grant a debate in Government time to consider this issue, given the health crisis faced by our country?
The hon.
Lady has raised an extremely important issue.
Ensuring that community pharmacies are available in every community, offering a full range  of services that can help to prevent people from needing access to primary care or A&E, is key to our delivery of an NHS fit for the 21st century.
I am sure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, who I know has already been progressing some of these matters, would welcome a question about this particular matter during Health questions next Tuesday, and hopefully the hon.
Lady’s name will be drawn in the ballot.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Shankhill Church of England Primary School a very happy 150th birthday?
Like the hundreds of other rural schools across Britain, including a number in my own constituency of Carlisle, Shankhill not only provides an outstanding education for its very small number of pupils, but makes an important contribution to what is an isolated community in north Cumbria.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on the important contribution that rural schools make to our country?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election, on being here and on asking her first question in this place.
That is always a daunting process, but I hope she now feels that she has the confidence to go on.
She has raised an important matter which I know has been raised by others in the past—namely the challenges faced by rural schools with, in many instances, diminishing pupil rolls—and I think she should raise it again during next week’s education debate.
I was pleased to hear the Leader of the House say earlier that town centre regeneration remained a priority for the Government.
May we please have an urgent statement from a Minister about the status of levelling-up fund grants?
As the Leader of the House may know, towards the end of last year, Andover in my constituency was awarded £18.3 million to kick-start the regeneration of its town centre.
Since then, a memorandum of understanding has been signed and some money has changed hands, and on that basis Test Valley borough council has made significant contractual and budgetary commitments, but there now appears to be an inexplicable delay in progress with the grant.
We have to ensure that the money is spent by the early part of 2026.
I should be grateful if the Leader of the House could provide some clarity, not just for Andover and for me, but for other Members who are similarly affected.
I will certainly seek to obtain some clarity for the right hon.
Gentleman on that issue.
As he will know, this Government are prioritising town centre redevelopment and “brownfield first”, and our planning and infrastructure Bill that was announced yesterday will include reforms of compulsory purchase order and land value issues, which will enable local authorities to acquire, for instance, derelict or empty properties that they need for town centre regeneration at a more appropriate value.
That will unlock significant investment, which I hope will benefit the project to which the right hon.
Gentleman has referred.
In 2025, Darlington, our region and the world will celebrate the bicentenary of the railway.
In my constituency, the celebrations have already started.
Will the Leader of the House grant us a  debate to discuss and celebrate the contribution of our industrial heritage in Darlington and how this Labour Government will create a new generation of green industrial jobs for the future in Darlington, in the Tees Valley and across our country?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election as the new MP for Darlington; I know she is going to provide a very strong voice for the people of Darlington on these important matters.
She will know that the green industrial revolution is absolutely at the core of the delivery of this Government’s missions—not only on growth, but on job opportunities and making the UK a clean energy superpower by 2030.
Transport and the railways are a core part of that, which is why we saw the announcement yesterday of our railways Bill and our rail franchising Bill, which will be debated at the end of the month.
She may want to raise these issues in that debate as well.
In one of her first acts, our new Deputy Prime Minister cut “Levelling Up” from her Department’s title.
The Leader of the House will know that there are dozens of town boards up and down the country that are populated by community leaders, business leaders and charity leaders.
Whether it was intended or otherwise, the change has genuinely caused anxiety among many of them about whether their funding might also be cut in future.
Can we have an urgent statement in the House so that the new Deputy Prime Minister can reassure them that the levelling-up funding they are due to receive will still be delivered?