The last Conservative Government provided £213 million of funding for the Western Link road to complete the orbital route around Norwich, but during the election campaign I was concerned to hear rumours that Labour might axe it.
Can the Leader of the House provide a statement quickly to give reassurance to the people of Broadland and Fakenham, and Norfolk more widely, that this much-needed infrastructure will continue?
I am sure this is an important matter for the hon.
Member’s constituents.
I do not have the answer today, but I note that Transport orals will be coming at some point soon.
I will therefore get him a response from the Transport Secretary, and if that is not forthcoming, I am sure he will apply for a debate in the usual way.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
Some 47% of children in my Liverpool Riverside constituency are living in poverty—nearly one in two—and I am sure that the Leader of the House agrees that that is unacceptable.
While I welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement yesterday of the taskforce, it did not mention the removal of the two-child cap.
Will the Leader of the House grant parliamentary time to discuss the removal of the two-child cap and dealing with child poverty?
I know the issue is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart.
As an incoming Labour Government, we are absolutely committed to tackling child poverty and all the root causes of child poverty.
That is why the Prime Minister announced the Government taskforce looking at these matters yesterday.
We were clear in our manifesto that the economic circumstances do not currently allow for us to abolish the cap.
Economic stability is the single biggest thing we can do to ensure that children do not fall into poverty, because when the economy crashes it is the poorest in society who pay the heaviest price.
I think my hon.
Friend has tabled some amendments to  the Loyal Address, and I sure she will have ample opportunity to debate them over the coming days of the King’s Speech debate.
My local councils in South Staffordshire and Dudley worked hard on local plans to provide the new housing that my constituents will need over the coming decade.
In the light of the alarming Government briefings on their planning reforms, can we have a debate in Government time on how we can make sure that democratically drawn-up local plans are respected and that the green belt safeguarded by those local plans remains protected?
I think the hon.
Member may misunderstand the policy in this area.
This Government have made it clear that we are unashamedly pro-house building.
We have to tackle the housing crisis in this country and meet the target of 1.5 million new homes over the course of this Parliament, and I think that his party also pledged to deliver that target in the election campaign.
As he knows, the Conservatives in government withdrew the house building targets, which then reduced figures.
What we are not proposing here is a developer free-for-all.
This is about good, sensible, clear local plans being drawn together and then expedited with things moving more quickly.
I can reassure him on that, but frankly we will take no lectures from the Opposition on dealing with the housing crisis.
When it comes to children with special educational needs, children who have experienced trauma in their childhood or children with anxiety, local authorities carry all the risk, but do not have the resources.
Our academy system is out of control and our health services are insufficient.
Can we have a debate on children who experience such challenges in their early years to ensure that we address this issue early on in this Government?
May I welcome my hon.
Friend back to her place?
She was always vocal and committed in the last Parliament, and I have no doubt she will be so again in this Parliament.
As she rightly points out, our education and care systems are not meeting the needs of children with special educational needs, often leaving them without the support they need to thrive.
That is one of the issues being tackled in our children’s wellbeing Bill, announced by His Majesty the King yesterday.
As she will have heard this morning, there will be a debate on education in the business next week.
Immediately prior to Dissolution, the excellent Backbench Business Committee had granted a debate in the Chamber to discuss the performance of Southern Water.
I know that the right hon.
Lady will want to respond about sewage, but in fact the debate was to be about its failure to deliver clean water to significant parts of my constituency in addition to its failures on sewage.
Will she please reassure me that in the absence of the Backbench Business Committee and the Petitions Committee, the Government will find time for Back Benchers to bring forward important issues that we wish to debate in the Chamber?
The right hon.
Lady is a fantastic, strong voice in the Chamber.
I welcome her and the naughty corner back to their place, albeit on the other side of the House.
She makes an important point about an important debate, which I shall certainly pass on.
In the absence of Backbench Business debates, we have and will continue to table general debates, and there will be availability for Westminster Hall debates in the usual way as well.
This week, the new Minister of State for Education visited my constituency to look at the excellent work being done by the London Ambulance Service in its education centre, and in particular the apprenticeships that it offers, which have opened up opportunities to people who would not normally have access to that route, including military veterans.
Will the Leader of the House look to find time to debate apprenticeships, particularly with an eye to schemes like this and how might broaden opportunities?