Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and contributions of Mary Bryan, a spirited and dedicated public servant whose love of the City of Tampa knows no bounds.
Mary served her Tampa neighbors for over 63 years, which began after her high school graduation in 1962.
She holds the record for the longest-serving employee of the City.
I congratulate Mary on an incredible career and thank her for her unwavering dedication to the Tampa Bay Community.
Mary began her career in the early redevelopment office of Urban Renewal in 1962 and remained there until 1972.
She assisted in the first wave of City of Tampa renewal and redevelopment programs.
She continued her work in the housing, code enforcement and zoning department before beginning in the city attorney's office.
Mary was the principal and trusted grants writer responsible for awards totaling in the tens of millions of dollars to the city annually.
Mary served under 11 mayors and 59 city council members, and she has helped Tampa Bay grow into the thriving community it is today.
Mary worked in the legal department as City Attorney James Palermo's Assistant until 2011.
She then returned as the legislative aide to City Council member Charlie Miranda, where she will finish out her tenure as a City of Tampa employee.
Serving as an aide to Charlie Miranda, Mary garnered a reputation that no constituent request was out of reach.
From potholes to a noisy neighbor, she ensured that everyone's requests were accounted for.
Mary is known for her vast institutional knowledge, willingness to help and tenacity.
She was known for calling up an administrator and speaking plainly, cutting through red tape to make sure the job at hand got done in a timely manner.
In 2023, Mayor Castor awarded Mary the Josephine Howard Stafford Memorial Award, an award given to a woman employed by the City of Tampa who has demonstrated outstanding commitment to her position and community.
Mayor Castor has commented that, ``There's rarely a night I go home and it's not dark outside, and if there is another car in the lot, it's Mary's.''
For over the past twenty years, Mary has also set up the holiday decorations at Old City Hall.
Even through her hard work, she always made time to spread cheer.
Mary's colleagues say she is not only an effective fighter, but her dedication reflects deep care for her neighbors.
Occasionally when residents have appeared before the city council, some have felt intimidated by a list of suits and procedural rules.
She has, at times, held people's hands to help them navigate city-level bureaucracy.
Stephen Michelins, a city planner in the 1970's, said, ``When people would get stuck, she'll go out in the audience and grab them and say, `Come here.'
She's been the friend of thousands.''