Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my longtime employee, Julie Tensen.
I have often said that a really good staff makes a decent Member of Congress look great--and I have the best staff.
I've been fortunate to have outstanding individuals like Julie by my side.
Julie started working for me early in my career.
She's had many roles since the beginning, including Education Outreach Coordinator, where she teamed up with the Lee Pesky Learning Center to create a program aimed at helping new mothers read to their babies and create healthy habits that we know are so important in today's tech world.
I can honestly say that Julie was ahead of her time and got me involved in this important initiative back in 2002.
A Congressman's schedule is crazy at best.
You have your Washington schedule full of hearings, votes, and thousands of meetings, and then you have the district schedule that consists of tours, site visits, office meetings, and so much more.
Meeting with your constituents in their environment and the logistics that go with it are even more complicated.
I could always count on Julie to dot every `i' and cross every `t'.
People may also be unaware that every member of Congress receives an MRA, or a Member's Representational Allowance.
This is your budget for running all of your offices.
This includes staff salaries, rent, office supplies, computer equipment, subscriptions, travel expenses, and all other items that are purchased to run a congressional office.
Julie was my Budget Director, overseeing the entire budget--a huge responsibility that she handled for me.
Like everything that Julie did, she did well, and I never had to worry about a thing.
From helping tens of thousands of Idahoans navigate complex federal issues to managing my entire state schedule, to personally attending meetings and events representing me, Julie has been far more than an asset--she has been family.
As she enters retirement, Julie will enjoy some well-deserved time with her husband, and their children, Kris and Cole Anderson, Brad Tensen, Hannah Purdy, and their grandchildren, Max, Jacq, and Maggie.
I will miss Julie, the rest of my staff will miss Julie, and so will the Idahoans that she so faithfully served for the last two decades.