recently, 
Mr. Martin ``Bo'' Byran Burke.
A true gentleman, Bo represented thousands of clients, guiding them expertly through legal difficulty and, at times, crisis.
The positive impact he made on countless individuals, families, and small businesses is incalculable.
He also enthusiastically participated in politics and government out of both a sense of civic duty and his abiding devotion to our democracy and constitution.
Born in 1940 to Edmond and Francis Burke, Bo was a true son of New England.
His passion for his community and region defined his life's choices.
After graduating from Colgate University with a Bachelor's in English, Bo continued his studies as he pursued a Juris Doctor from Albany School.
Although Bo's first foray into law was in New York State, he soon returned to his home state, passing the Connecticut Bar Exam in 1968.
Bo's career as a lawyer was long, eventful, and widely respected.
His work ethic was unparalleled, and he was modest about his accomplishments.
His small-town practice in Vernon, Connecticut was always centered on representing people, not large institutional clients.
Today that model might be viewed by some as out of date, but Bo knew that such representation is at the heart of the oath he took when he was admitted to the bar.
Bo was also committed to improving the profession.
Bo served on the Connecticut Judicial Review Council, the Connecticut Law Revision Commission, and the Committee on Government Administration and Policy and the Governor's Commission on Judicial Reform.
He additionally wrote for numerous law journals, such as the Connecticut Law Journal and the Connecticut Bar Journal.
Bo opened his own practice in Vernon where he had immeasurable success.
He focused on law, Title XIX, special needs, trusts, veterans' benefits, probate, and real estate.
He took upon immense responsibilities as he briefed and argued over 12 reported appellate cases.
Bo was understood by those around him to be a wise and trustworthy lawyer due to his extensive experience and mastery of the law.
Bo applied his vast knowledge of law and government to an amazingly accomplished one term in the Connecticut General Assembly.
In 1974 he ran and won the 56th Assembly seat, representing Vernon.
In his single term, he took on the incredibly important and difficult task of writing our state's freedom of information act.
Opening state and local government to the press and public was extremely challenging.
Yet, because of his diligent, talented ability to shape the bill and win consensus, the measure passed and was signed into law by Governor Ella Grasso.
That law has withstood the test of time and still provides sunlight on the processes of government which is essential to a healthy democracy.
After his two years of representation for the constituents of district 56, he decided to redirect his focus from elective office back to his law practice and town government.
He transitioned to positions within the towns of Vernon and Rockville.
For many years, he served both as Town Attorney and Assistant Town Attorney.
Bo endlessly served his town and state and was a champion of protecting democracy.
As someone who understood the opportunities created from receiving advanced education, Bo took it upon himself to improve and advocate for education with his town.
Of course, a big reason for his interest was his long and beautiful marriage to his talented wife Ellen, who taught hundreds and hundreds of children in the Vernon Public Schools.
He served as counsel on the Vernon Education Foundation to being a member and Chairman on the Board of Trustees at the Rockville Public Library.
Between Bo and Ellen, Vernon's education standards remained high, which is part of the reason two schools received blue ribbon awards from the U.S. Department of Education, something which is a great source of pride in Vernon.
Bo's career was one element of his multifaceted and exciting life.
Since the mid-60s, he had been a continuous vacationer in Maine.
For much of this time, he owned a camp on Flying Pond in Vienna, Maine.
The days spent in Maine were calm and relaxing and gave Bo breaks from his demanding career as a lawyer.
It has been a great honor to personally know Bo.
I met him when I was a young lawyer in Vernon many years ago and had the benefit of practicing law in the same community for many years.
His example of strong advocacy and common-sense willingness to find common ground to settle disputes still resonates with me to this day.
In 1986, I ran for the same seat he held in the general assembly and with his help, I was fortunate enough to prevail.
He was always willing to provide counsel and advice which I deeply appreciated.
Twenty years later he supported my election to the U.S. Congress, which was so special and meaningful to me.