Ms. LEGER FERNADEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Bulldogs Football Team from Artesia High School in New Mexico.
In November 2023, the Bulldogs won their 32nd State Football Championship in Class 5A. That is unmatched by any other high school in the state.
In fact, the Artesia Football Program has won more State Football Championships than any high school in the nation since 1950.
To win a state championship takes teamwork, persistence, and determination.
It's a reflection of the commitment of the school leaders, coaches, parents, and everyone in the community.
It's a reflection of the Bulldogs' players' ability to succeed in their future endeavors.
Let us enshrine the names of every member of the Artesia High School football team forever: Matt Saiz, Grant Johnson, Porter Hardman, Gael Ruiz, Axel Hartley, Juan Diego Duran, Derrick Warren, Izac Cazares, Brody McDonald, Jaden Waldrip, Phillip Finley-Rascon, David Hammond, Josiah Rodriguez, Jaeden Hutson, Jesse Leroch, Diego Lopez, Frankie Galindo, Jarren Wadkins, Jesse Armendariz, Cael Houghtaling, Angelo Silvas, Andrew Rodriguez, Jaykob Ortega, Edel Villa, Jett Whitmire, Haden Harcrow, Joseph Martinez, Jeremiah Chavez, Miguel Soto, Nye Estrada, Kaden Zuniga, David Ybarra, Cody Johnson, Gabino Barrera, Jake Vandevender, Zach Wells, Hagan Crockett, Tootie McNeil, Xavyer Jagger, Ayden Huffman, Jesus Estrada, Omar Salais, Rafael Orozco, Steven Williams, Diego Wesson, Dylan Fisher, Ricardo Huerta, Saul Peralta, Francisco Caleyo, Kaden Grantham, Myka Aguirre, Juan Leon, Ivan Chacon, Adrian Ramirez, Edgar Canillo, Kellen Worley, Enrique Armendariz, Garret Fisher, Stephen Butts, Daeven Hutson, Manuel Calderon, Jackson Parker, Devyn Velasquez, Troy Tomsic, Carson Troost, Caleb Martin, Marco Soto, Daniel Aguilar, Joel Crosby, Caleb Murray, Crecencio Cuellar, Jonathan Gonzalez, Fernando Lira, Kaden Beauregard, Ethan Conn, Bryce Parra, Jacob Parrish, Jack Byars, Gavin Brown, Ulrich Medez, Santiago Esquibel, Jacob Calderon, Xavier Ramirez, Braylon Kinnibrugh, Kaiden Fredrickson, Andres Estrada, Yeudiel Salamanca, and Ricky Maesta.
Let us also remember the incredible work of the managers Max Klingshirn, Ryan Hickey, Jesus Ruiz, Matt Gage, and Kaiden Fredrickson as well as the coaches Jeremy Maupin, Jourdan Rodriguez, Jackson Bickel, Tony Jaramillo, Max Rodriguez, Derek Montoya, Andy Lopez, and Cory Saxon.
You're all great examples of the persevering spirit of New Mexico.
Go Bulldogs.