Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the late John Graham, Jr. as the committed family man he was and will continue to be in memory.
While at Poquoson High School, he won notable achievements such as: becoming Virginia's Boys State Representative, being elected President of his Senior class, and was a brilliant athlete.
John was such a brilliant athlete he not only received the role of Captain his junior and senior years of high school, he also was recognized as ``Little All American'' during his football career in college.
His drive to play and contribute to his teams got him inducted into the RMC Hall of Fame in 2015.
While working for NASA he was a fundamental contributor to groundbreaking missions.
John was critical in developing and building the budding space program, even working alongside the original astronauts.
He also held crucial roles in the development of the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo space programs.
Unfortunately, right before John was eligible to retire from NASA, he was confronted with a decision that would change his life forever.
His father was fighting through a tough battle with pancreatic cancer and asked John to take over the family business in his stead.
Showing true sacrifice and dedication to his family, John decided to leave his career at NASA in order to preserve his family's seafood business: Graham & Rollins.
Keeping the spirit of a true family business, John brought his children and wife Sandra Graham to work alongside him, further cementing how his family was always a top priority.
As President of Graham & Rollins, John expanded the company threefold, leaving a family legacy to his children and grandchildren.
During his successful career within the family business, John also took the time to mentor his sons and grandsons in wrestling.
Due to his mentorship, his sons were able to blossom in the sport and each hold notable records.
With a renewed sense of love for the sport, John had a vision to expand the fan base of wrestling.
That's why he helped create the Peninsula Wrestling Association as well as founding the Virginia Duals.
He even went on to serve as the team leader for the Olympic wrestling team in 1988 and 1996.
Due to his contributions to the sport, John was awarded the Order of Merit for the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and was inducted into both the Virginia Wrestling and Lower Peninsula Halls.
John will always be known for his devotion to his family, his love for sports, and his unwavering commitment to give back to his community.