Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor the life, legacy, and faith of Keith King, who died of pancreatic cancer on February 3, 2024, at the age of 75.
Keith was a champion for the Pikes Peak region as a successful and generous business entrepreneur, elected official, and advocate for school choice and charter schools.
Keith had a tremendous impact on those around him, but it was only possible because he was driven and directed by his love for Jesus Christ and his family.
Keith King was truly a giant in advancing policies that helped families, children, schools, and the state.
In addition to being a personal colleague in the Colorado legislature for seven years and a brother in Christ, Keith was my friend.
Born in Tekoa, Washington, Keith moved to Colorado and completed his bachelor's degree at Colorado State University, Pueblo in industrial education in 1970.
He continued his education at Oregon State University in 1976 with a master's degree in vocational education.
It was through his studies that his already budding desire to see children succeed in school and have as many education choices as possible available to them bloomed.
Keith served on the Cheyenne Mountain School board from 1991 to 1995; and was president of Cheyenne Mountain Charter Academy, which he co-founded, from 1995 to 1998.
Keith also started Colorado Springs Early Colleges and Colorado Early Colleges which provided high schoolers the opportunity to take college classes and receive job training.
Education choice and specifically the emergence and growth of charter schools in Colorado became one of Keith's main passions in his legislative career.
First elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 1999, Keith's first year in the legislature showed immediate results.
During his first session in office, Keith was the lead sponsor of two bills that improved charter school structures and operations that were signed into law.
This impressive success record was only the beginning of Keith's impact on Colorado.
Keith sponsored the annual school finance act three times and sponsored the landmark College Opportunity Fund which created substantial change to the funding system for public colleges and universities.
Keith and his wife Sandi of more than fifty years enjoyed the blessings of their sons Jeremy and Brandon, their families, and their five grandchildren.
A devoted husband and Christian, Keith embodied 1 Corinthians 16:13-14 in every way that he lived his life, especially in the public square as a legislator: ``Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith, be courageous; be strong.
Do everything in love.''
Education remains one of the most important pillars of our society today.
Keith recognized that high-quality and well-funded education gave each child the best chance at an impactful life.
Keith's faith and his family provided Keith with his ``North Star'' as he used his gifts and abilities to make life better for all of those around him.
Even into his later years, Keith was on campus at local high schools teaching and coaching basketball.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in remembering and honoring the life of a faithful man in Keith King whose impact in the Pikes Peak region will be felt for the rest of time.