Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the appointment of a dedicated servant leader and a true visionary for the Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church of Macon, Georgia, Minister Belvin D. Ware.
Minister Ware was elected by the church to serve as Head Pastor in December of 2023, and he was officially installed at the church on February 18, 2024, at 3:00 p.m.
A native of Macon, Georgia, Belvin D. Ware was born to the union of Denise T. Jones and Lawrence F. Ware, Jr. both of Macon, Georgia.
Minister Ware completed his childhood education in Macon and is a graduate of Central High School's Class of 1996.
He is currently in the process of completing a Bachelor of Science degree in Biblical Studies.
Minister Ware is also a United States Marine, joining in 1998 and reaching the rank of Staff Sergeant (E6) where he served for over sixteen years before receiving an Honorable Discharge.
Minister Ware first accepted Christ at the young age of seven years old at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church, and he accepted the call to ministry in December of 2012.
He gave his initial sermon on September 29, 2013, at New Life Family Worship in Jacksonville, North Carolina where he also received his License.
In July of 2018, Minister Ware accepted a full-time position at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church as the Servant Leader of Children, Youth, and Young Adults.
After one year of successfully mentoring the church's youth and bringing them closer to the Lord, Lead Pastor Eddie Smith ordained Mr. Ware as a Minister of Gospel in October 2019 and named him Assistant to the Pastor.
During his tenure as Servant Leader of Children, Youth, and Young Adults, Minister Ware was responsible for evaluating, planning, and implementing a thorough course of action for the youth to grow in their faith.
He facilitated Bible Study and Youth Church, oversaw the baptisms of eight young people and grew youth membership at Macedonia through outreach at local colleges and universities.
Furthermore, Minister Ware has been instrumental in local community outreach--most notably his ministry at Bruce Elementary School where he visited at least twice a month to mentor at risk youths and facilitate two coat drives in which Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church donated over 250 winter coats to underprivileged youth.
Following his efforts at the school, the Bibb County Board of Education selected Minister Ware to be a sitting member on the board to hire Bruce Elementary's next principal.
Additionally, as Assistant to the Pastor, Minister Ware began the process and coordinated training with Middle Georgia Food Bank to establish Macedonia as a local agency to establish a food bank on church grounds.
Minister Ware has been recognized numerous times for his professional achievements.
He is a recipient of the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, Certificate of Commendation, and Letter of Appreciation.
He was recognized by the Middle-Georgia Black Pages as a Young Entrepreneur and Professional in 2019 and was also nominated for Leadership Macon in 2022, a year-long program that introduces a class of rising community leaders to the successes and challenges in MaconBibb County's public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Belvin Ware has paid his rent many times over and still continues to give a prodigious amount of love and service back to his community.
He is currently the Executive Director for Heal the Hood Empowering Movement, a community initiative to cure violence and to bring economic power back to the Macon community through mentoring, job placement, and prison reform.
He is also a Co-founder of the Concord Project which is a partnership between the local clergy and the Bibb County Sheriff's Office.