The Chancellor has lauded the new National Wealth Fund as a key part of the Government’s regional growth ambitions.
The trouble is, it is not actually new; it is just the UK Infrastructure Bank with a new colour scheme and £7 billion it did not need.
The Prime Minister announced at a recent Labour party political conference that he will allocate £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for Grangemouth, but it is supposed to be operationally independent.
Will the Minister therefore confirm that that is still the case and that the full independent investment process was followed?
Will he also confirm that the unexpected resignation of the National Wealth Fund CEO just days before that announcement is not connected?
I find it odd that Members on the Conservative Benches do not welcome an additional £7 billion of investment into our economy; it is rather a testament to their poor performance on investment over many years in government.
To answer the hon.
Gentleman’s specific questions, I can confirm that each of the business cases for Grangemouth will have to go through the normal process for sign off, and that John Flint leaving the National Wealth Fund is not in any  way connected to the decisions taken by this Government.
We look forward to appointing his successor in due course.
What steps she is taking to encourage investment in Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend constituency.
This is an important question when, shockingly, household incomes in the north-east hardly grew over the long 14 years of the previous Conservative Government.
We need to raise public and private investment, which is why we are working with the north-east combined authority on its local growth plan.
The Office for Investment is working particularly closely with the north-east, alongside Liverpool, on developing local growth opportunities.
With the town’s access to the world’s biggest offshore wind farm, a cluster of advanced manufacturing firms and an expanding energy skills academy, more of Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend’s potential is yet to be tapped.
What discussions is the Minister having with the Energy Secretary to ensure that the investment is there and that green supply chains are anchored in places such as Tyneside?
I have spent far too much of my life talking to the now Energy Secretary, but my hon.
Friend is right to highlight the potential of green energy supply chains in her constituency and across the north-east.
This is a Government committed to securing economic gains alongside energy security from the energy transition —in stark contrast to the previous Government, who thought the net zero transition was something on which to create dividing lines, not jobs.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.
At Budget, the Government announced major steps towards delivering a once-in-a-generation increase in social housing, including a £500 million boost to the affordable homes programme, increasing annual spend to £3.1 billion—the biggest annual budget for affordable housing in more than a decade.
Earlier this month, the Government also announced an additional £350 million to fund affordable homes.
That is the difference a Labour Government can make to people across the country waiting desperately for secure housing.
Further investment decisions will be set out at phase 2 of the spending review.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the Lancaster Guardian for its recent investigative report into the reality for many families living in temporary accommodation in the Lancaster district?
That is paired with a frustration I hear from local house building developers over delays in the planning process in the  district.
What more does the Minister think can happen in Lancaster to ensure that families in the district actually have secure housing?
My hon.
Friend knows that we are doing everything possible in this place to streamline and improve planning legislation and planning processes.
We are providing clear signals to everybody across the country that we need to build and build rapidly, not least to meet our housing target.
Local councils play an important role in this process, as they make decisions on local developments.
I understand that in Lancaster city council she has had some struggles with members of the Green party, who are becoming blockers as opposed to builders.
I say to them and to people across the country that they need to get behind the build agenda, because that is what the British people voted for.
To what extent is the Chancellor concerned about multiple potential breaches by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs of its charter since it issued Spotlight 63, which impacts rental housing supply and is causing real concerns among my constituents—both landlords and tenants?
Will the Minister meet me urgently to discuss this matter?
I am afraid that I have no idea what the answer is, but if the right hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I shall make sure that he gets an answer.
What steps she is taking to help ensure value for money in public spending.
The Government are committed to spending taxpayers’ money efficiently.
At the autumn Budget, we launched the Office for Value for Money to realise benefits  from every pound of public spending.
Through phase 1  of the spending review, Departments were set a 2% productivity, efficiency and savings target to ensure that every pound of taxpayers’ money is well spent.
The next phase of the spending review has gone further.
I have asked each Department to conduct a line-by-line review of existing day-to-day budgets to identify where spending is no longer aligned with this Government’s priority or is poor value for money.