The Government’s decision to increase defence spending is not only an ironclad commitment to national security in the face of generational challenges but an investment in British industry, able to unlock new jobs and opportunities across the country.
Industry in the east of England has a significant defence sector, which received £1.5 billion of Government investment last year.
Can the Chancellor explain how the additional defence funding has the potential to benefit my constituents in Thurrock as well as those in the wider region?
As my hon.
Friend says, defence has an important role to play in the growth mission as well as keeping our country safe and secure, and on Friday the Defence Secretary
and I hosted a roundtable at RAF Waddington in Lincoln to announce a new defence innovation hub to harness that potential.
Defence has a strong presence in many of our constituencies—indeed, according to the most recent data, Ministry of Defence spending in the east of England accounted for £1.5 billion—and down the road from my hon.
Friend’s constituency is the historic MOD Shoeburyness range, which, along with other sites, is operated by the MOD and QinetiQ as part of a long-term partnership worth more than £5 billion.
In the years to come, there will be more investment in defence from both the public and the private sector.
As part of their pursuit of the ever-elusive goal of economic growth, the Government have rebranded the UK Infrastructure Bank as the National Wealth Fund.
Even the Office for Budget Responsibility has cast doubt on the effectiveness of that as a driver of economic growth.
Can the Chancellor tell the House how much the rebrand has cost?
The National Wealth Fund is doing important work in enabling us to leverage in private sector investment.
The most recent of those investments include mining in Cornwall and energy charging points in our roads.
At the end of last week, I announced that the fund would play a more important role in funding and supporting investments in the defence sector, which will become even more important in the years ahead.
I recently visited a business in Kirkby-in-Ashfield in the east midlands—funnily enough, I did not see  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  there—where I was told that the increase in national insurance contributions would cost the business £240 a year, which will prevent it from recruiting people and giving its employees a pay rise next year.
Does the Chancellor agree that it is time to reverse this ridiculous decision and help to drive growth in the east midlands?
In the Budget in October I had to fill the £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government, but there are huge opportunities to grow the economy in the east midlands.
We recently agreed the £9 billion Unity deal with Rolls-Royce to support the Royal Navy submarine fleet, which will provide a major boost for economic growth in the east midlands, creating and maintaining 5,000 long-term jobs.
That is good for our country’s security, and good for the people of the east midlands.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
The Government have taken difficult decisions to repair the public finances, fund public services and restore economic stability.
The Office for Budget Responsibility predicts that the employer national insurance contribution changes “will reduce the level of potential output by 0.1 per cent at the forecast horizon”.
It also predicts that growth will pick up next year and that living standards will rise faster during this Parliament than during the last, and in the long term it expects the autumn Budget policies, if sustained, to increase the size of the economy permanently.
My constituent Alison runs Stepping Stones nursery school, which has been operating in my constituency for 30 years, offering wraparound care to busy families.
The increase in employers’ national insurance contributions alone will cost it £16,000 a year and it is still struggling with an increase in utility costs, while other nurseries in the area are also struggling and, indeed, closing.
Headmasters, a hairdresser in Walton, is struggling with £15,000 of extra costs, owing primarily to this tax rise.
Can the Minister explain to businesses in Esher and Walton how the Government’s national insurance policy will deliver growth or higher living standards, given that it seems to be doing neither?
The Government’s decision to increase employer national insurance contributions was one of the toughest decisions that we took at the Budget, but it was necessary to restore stability to the public finances.
It is only on the basis of having stable public finances and fiscal responsibility that we can boost the investment and growth that will make people across Britain better off.
As the poor growth figures show, the Chancellor’s jobs tax is really hurting businesses, not least in our hospitality sector.
In my constituency, pubs such as the Eel Pie and the King’s Head, as well as the family-run restaurant Shambles, are really struggling with soaring costs and putting off hiring people.
If the Chancellor will not reverse her jobs tax, will she at the very least consider extending the current 75% business rates relief for hospitality until the new system that she has announced is in place?
The hon.
Member speaks about business rates relief.
We have to remember that the business rates relief for retail, hospitality and leisure was due to end entirely in April 2025 under the plans we inherited from the Conservative party.
Despite the toughest of contexts, we decided to extend the 40% relief for another year before the permanently lower rates for retail, hospitality and leisure come in from April 2026.
Does the Minister agree that planning reform is essential for higher growth and lower taxes?
Is he, like me, concerned that the anti-growth Opposition we see before us in this House will vote against the forthcoming planning and infrastructure Bill, which is possibly the most significant piece of pro-growth legislation that this Parliament will see in decades?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the centrality of planning reform to getting the economy growing.
Indeed, one of the first actions that the Chancellor announced on taking office was to scrap the ban on onshore wind turbines in the planning system, which had been holding back our clean energy transition.
I hope that some Opposition Members might take the opportunity during today’s questions to confirm that they will support our reforms to the planning system, because they are indeed vital to growth in this country.
Does the Minister agree that it is in the interests of business to see waiting lists in the NHS reduced, roads repaired and the public finances fixed?
Does he agree that if Opposition parties do not agree with Labour’s plans, they should set out how they would pay for such improvements?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that stability in the public finances is crucial to ensure that we boost investment and growth across the country.
He is also right to point out that having public services back on their feet, after years of decline under the Conservative party in government, is essential not only to making people in this country healthier, more able to get around and better off, but to getting our economy growing, because it is on that basis that businesses will invest.