The Minister gives a very good answer to a non-question.
We can listen to the braying of Labour MPs from Scotland or we can look at the fact that the Scottish economy grew 12% more than the UK economy in 2024.
That is because of the SNP Scottish Government’s forensic focus on making Scotland the most attractive place in the UK for foreign direct investment year after year, having a progressive taxation system, rewarding our public sector workers properly and investing in our communities.
What difference does the Minister think agricultural property relief and business property relief will have on the Scottish economy—positive or negative?
Of course, when we make changes to taxes, even when that it is difficult, that results in additional funding for the hon.
Member and his colleagues  to spend.
I am sure he is grateful that we have given a record-breaking increase in investment to the Scottish Government.
I’m grateful for nothing!
He may be grateful for nothing, and he may be agitating in his place.
I suggest that he goes back to the people of Scotland and explains his party’s record in government.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the level of taxation on working people.
The Government are committed to keeping taxes on working people as low as possible, which is why we are not increasing the basic, higher or additional rates of income tax, employee national insurance contributions or VAT.
The Government have published tax information and impact notes for tax policy changes made at the Budget, which give a clear explanation of the policy objective together with details of the tax impact on individuals.
The OBR publishes an economic and fiscal outlook alongside the Budget, which sets out its assessment of the effects of Government decisions taken on tax.
Borrowing costs are soaring, the economy is weakening and we need to spend much more on defence.
In those circumstances, can people be absolutely confident that to meet her fiscal rules, the Chancellor will not be raising income tax in the course of this Parliament?
The OBR’s spring forecast will take place on  26 March  and be accompanied by a statement to Parliament from the Chancellor.
Ahead of the statement, the Government will not give a running commentary responding to forecasts and economic developments, but I reassure the hon.
Member that the Chancellor’s commitment —indeed, the whole Government’s commitment—to our fiscal rules is non-negotiable.
It should not be working people who pay more tax, because wealth inequality is growing in the UK and improving living standards is ultimately what the Government will be judged on.
Does the Minister see the merit in introducing an annual wealth tax of 2% on people with over £10 million-worth of assets, which would go an awful long way to raising £26 billion per annum to equalise society?
I hope my hon.
Friend will welcome the £200 million investment in the Grangemouth facility, which has already been spoken about today.
I hope he will also support the Government’s decision to restore fiscal responsibility to public finances within the tough fiscal rules that the Chancellor set out at the Budget.
What discussions she has had with businesses on the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on levels of business confidence.
Economic stability and growth are vital to help businesses across the UK to grow.
The Lloyds business barometer published last week showed business confidence up 12 points, building on recent surveys by EY and PwC that show that business and investor confidence is rising.
The Government are partnering with business to unlock investment and to drive growth.
The Chancellor, with her unimpeachable record in the sector, will know that economics is known as the dismal science.
As a member of the Business and Trade Committee, rather than using second-hand statistics, I have spoken directly with businesses one to one and found that the mood is indeed dismal.
After her dud Budget, can she think again and go back on this desperate jobs tax?
She is in danger of becoming tough on growth and tough on the causes of growth.
Conservative Members welcome the additional money for the NHS, but they never welcome the means to pay for it, which is why we are in the mess that we are with the £22 billion black hole we inherited from the previous Government.
The hon.
Member says that these are backward-looking surveys.
The EY survey of UK CEOs found that 82% felt optimistic.
PwC’s latest global CEO survey ranked the UK as the second-most attractive global destination for international investment, and last week the Lloyds survey showed a boost in business confidence.
Those are the facts.
People are choosing Britain as a place to invest and to locate their businesses.
On the Government side of the House, we welcome that.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
It is clear that the world is changing, which is why we must bring about a new era of security and renewal to keep our country safe.
Last week, I convened European Finance Ministers at the G20 to discuss our shared challenges.
I set out that national security will always be the first responsibility of this Government as well as national security being the bedrock for economic prosperity.
I was also proud to welcome President Zelensky to Downing Street alongside the Prime Minister at the weekend, where we signed a loan agreement that will deliver £2.26 billion in funding to Ukraine above our other commitments to bolster its military capacity, repaid by the profits from frozen Russian sovereign assets.
We will use the additional investment in defence to create more good jobs paying decent wages in all parts of the UK.
That is why we are giving the National Wealth Fund a new strategic steer to invest in technologies that better support our security and defence.
Britain is a strong country with strong defences, and I know that we can weather this changing world.
As the father of five-year-old, I know at first hand how important indoor play facilities are.
Providers in Cannock Chase, such as the Beach Hut in Norton Canes and the Kids Rule Play Cafe in Cannock,  have written to me asking for consideration for a sector-specific VAT reduction and the opportunity to shape the reform of business rates.
Is Treasury Minister willing to meet me, local providers and the Association of Indoor Play to discuss the sector’s priorities?
The Government have no plans to consider zero rating indoor play facilities for VAT.
All tax breaks must provide value for money and evidence suggests that such savings are only partially passed on.
I would, however, welcome my hon.
Friend engaging with us as we look to inform our “Transforming Business Rates” paper ahead of the Budget later this year.