The City of London has been a leader of innovation in the world of finance and savings for a few hundred years now, and it has been successful because it has always seized opportunities and innovation when presented.
In that spirit, we are pleased that the Chancellor in her Mansion House speech embraced the concept of securities tokenisation, but we now find that the catalyst for this innovation in the UK—a pilot for the digital gilt instrument known as DIGIT—has found itself in a two-year black hole.
Innovation is not something that can hang around for two years, so will the Minister give assurances that she will do everything she can to deliver DIGIT as soon as possible?
That sounds like a criticism of the previous Government.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are committed to innovation and to DIGIT.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in the east midlands.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in the east of England.
Economic growth is the No. 1 mission of this Government.
Putting more money in people’s pockets and ensuring growth is felt in all regions of the UK is a core part of our mission.
The Government have a clear focus on investing in the infrastructure needed to support cities and regions to grow and thrive.
In January, the Government announced a partnership between East Midlands airport and Prologis to build a new advanced manufacturing and logistics park, unlocking up to £1 billion of private investment and 2,000 jobs at the airport site.
The town of Staveley in my constituency of North East Derbyshire hosts one of the three sites for the east midlands investment zone, which is a fantastic opportunity for us.
The Chesterfield-Staveley regeneration route is, however, vital to making the most of the site and it has been long campaigned for by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chesterfield (Mr Perkins) .
It is a huge priority for my constituents.
Will the Treasury work with us and our excellent Mayor of the East Midlands, Claire Ward, to bring this hugely beneficial project to fruition?