At the autumn Budget, the Government announced a range of support measures for small businesses, including vital support for the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors.
Will the Minister confirm the measures being taken to support the independent and important craft brewing and distillery sector in Cumbria?
As the House has already heard today from my hon.
Friend the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, we have made permanent decisions to give businesses in the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors certainty that their discounts will apply to business rates relief for the long term, not just on a one-year rolling temporary basis, as was the case for years under the previous Government.
I understand from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Michelle Scrogham)  that the likes of Shed One gin, Wolftown and Kin vodka in Cumbria will benefit enormously from the Government’s policy.
I look forward to visiting those establishments with her in due course.
The Golden Valley development in Cheltenham will bring significant growth to the west.
It will also back our national security by supporting GCHQ.
Now that the Chancellor has approved an extra 0.1% of defence spending for intelligence and cyber, will she work with colleagues in the Ministry of Defence, the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology and the Cabinet Office to agree more funding  for this nationally significant development?
If the defence point is not good enough, we could point out that the development will unlock a lot of nice new houses too.
I visited Airbus in Newport last week to look at some of the advanced technologies we have in this space.
I was told about the important connections between Newport and the hon.
Gentleman’s region, with GCHQ and the industrial impact that it has on the supply chain in the UK.
The increased spending on defence announced by the Prime Minister will have a significant, positive impact for businesses such as those and for his region.
We look forward to setting out further details of that spending in the spending review.
The Marches region, of which North Shropshire is a significant part, is held back by the A483 road running between Llanymynech and Oswestry, which is very dangerous.
There are frequent crashes and hold-ups on it, which both hinders local growth and, obviously, is a danger to life for people living in the area.
Will the Minister work with his colleagues in the Department for Transport to ensure that if we cannot get a bypass, we at least get vital improvements on that road?
I can commit to working with DFT colleagues on projects such as that and others around the country as we make decisions in the upcoming spending review.
I would make an observation that it is not just about the decisions on spending; there have been problems in the past where decisions have been made and U-turned, and then made and U-turned again.
That is difficult for the supply chain and difficult for investors and local communities.
In our multi-year capital budgets and our 10-year infrastructure strategy, which are coming in the months ahead, we will give stability to the UK economy so that we can get on and deliver projects such as the one the hon.
Lady mentions.