The great university cities of York and Hull are unusual in that they do not have a direct rail line between them.
The whole region—Labour MPs, Liberal Democrat councillors, Conservatives—is united in believing that reopening the Beverley to York line, so that the two great minsters of Hull and York can be reconnected, would bring economic growth and a brighter future for the area.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and colleagues to discuss this project and how it could help unlock the growth that we all seek across the House?
I am sorry to hear that the right hon.
Gentleman failed to persuade his party, when in government for 14 years, to open that line.
I can reassure him that this Government take rail infrastructure seriously, and I will happily consider any detail that he wishes to write to me about.
Economic growth through infrastructure development could be helped in Scotland and Northern Ireland with more money going to Cairnryan port and the road infrastructure to it.
Allied to that, any help that the Department, the Minister and the Chancellor could give in resolving EU-related trading issues would considerably help Northern Ireland business as well as Scottish business.
The hon.
Member will know that the Government have entered negotiations with our counterparts in the European Commission to improve trade between the UK and the European Union.
I had a great meeting to discuss these issues last week in Cardiff with Finance Ministers from the Northern Ireland Executive as well as from Scotland and Wales, and noted that we have given a record-breaking increase in funding to the devolved Governments, so that they can get on with such projects, working in partnership with us where we still have responsibility.
What steps she has taken to increase regional growth in England.
What fiscal reforms she has made to help increase economic growth in Cumbria.
At autumn Budget 2024, we set out the first major steps in our approach to regional growth through devolution, investment and reform.
The January growth speech regional investment package built on that.
We have made clear the Government’s focus on attracting inward investment across the country and to investing in infrastructure needed to support cities and regions to grow.
We have made it clear that the importance of investing in major city regions across the UK will play  an important part in that endeavour.
For example, if we improve the productivity gap in Manchester, Birmingham and Leeds, we estimate we can deliver an extra £33 billion in economic output.