No one is surprised that as soon as the world’s attention shifted from Gaza, Israel reimposed its siege, preventing the entry of all humanitarian aid.
The Minister knows the impact that this will have on the beleaguered civilian population, who are already suffering from disease, starvation and an absence of healthcare.
After 17 months in which Israel has been given carte blanche, none of us—least of all Netanyahu—expects there to be any meaningful consequences from Israel’s actions, but does the Minister consider what is happening in Gaza to be collective punishment?
If she does not, what would she call it?
Sometimes, the words we use are really important.
There has been an enormous amount of suffering.
We know that so many in Israel feel that we do not understand their need for security, and so many in Gaza feel that we do not understand the depth of their suffering.
We must redouble our efforts to communicate what we want, which is a two-state solution and a peaceful future for both communities, which must live side by side.
The leaders of the Arab world have made welcome proposals about the future of Gaza and its people.
What update can the Minister give on the UK’s support for those proposals, and will she join me in welcoming the fact that the proposals recognise that the terrorist death cult Hamas can have no part in the future governance of Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to say that, as a proscribed terror organisation, Hamas have certainly displayed some very frightening characteristics that we would expect of a terrorist organisation.
There was also the macabre pantomime that we saw in the past couple of weeks during the release of hostages—that was truly shocking.
I thank him for his question.
The exact detail on the next stage of the negotiation is to be defined by the two parties, but we play a real role both with the ally, which is Israel, but also working with Egypt, Qatar and the wider region.
That is why our Minister right now is in the region, making the point that we want to be involved, pushing for a peaceful solution and to see that day when terrorism is not extant and the two communities can live side by side  in peace.
I was going to ask what we would do if the Israelis refused to let in aid, or to turn on the water and power, but I think we all know that basically the answer is nothing.
Instead, let me ask this.
The Minister rightly mentioned the macabre display around the return of the hostages and the condition of those hostages, and she is right.
I think she said that she has taken that up with interlocutors.
Why has not she mentioned the return of the Palestinian non-combatants?
Why has not she mentioned their condition when they are returned, often emaciated and showing signs of torture?
Why has she not mentioned the number of senior medics who have been detained without charge and then died in mysterious circumstances in Israeli detention?
Apparently there is some kind of investigation, but it never comes to a conclusion.
Is she surprised that people have become cynical about British conduct in this conflict, when it seems that we are only concerned about the welfare of one side?
With all due respect, I think that across this House we have had a very balanced approach to the suffering of all the communities in the region.
The right hon.
Member is right to mention the terrible suffering of those who have experienced arbitrary detention or alleged torture by various law enforcement agencies.
He is also right to include that in what needs to be the next step of the negotiation—the hostages on the one side, but those being released from prison on the other.
I remind him that there are concerns that some people who might have been released should not have been.
All of that has to be taken in the round and balanced.
I encourage balance and understanding about the suffering of both sides of the community and the desire for security in the words that we use in the House.
The issue of collaboration and infiltration between Hamas and some UNRWA officials is well documented.
Clearly, people in Gaza need aid, so can the Minister update us on how we are monitoring the work being done to restore neutrality and confidence in UNRWA?
The UK Government have been a supporter of the work of UNRWA throughout this conflict and before it.
We have been supporting UNRWA financially, as have all international organisations and countries.
There have been problems with certain challenges to individuals who have been employed by UNRWA, but we have consistently joined with allies in expressing our concerns about the role of UNRWA being curtailed.
At the UN Security Council sessions on  6 November ,  11 December ,  3 January ,  28 January  and  25 February , and in a joint statement with partners on  27 October , we urged that the important work of UNRWA can continue.
The blockade of aid is just the last line in a long list of activities that Israelis have committed against the Palestinian people.
Now that we have cut our overseas aid to a mere 0.3% of GDP—the lowest in real terms in 20 years—does the Minister still agree with the Labour party manifesto that international aid makes the world “a safer, more prosperous place”?
Does she agree that, with this move, the UK’s historic role in the middle east is dead and over?
The hon.
Member is right to talk about the ongoing need for aid in the region, and the Prime Minister was very careful in his speech at the end of last week—I think he has mentioned it since then in the press—to say that humanitarian aid must continue.
Gaza was specifically mentioned, because it is one of  our top priorities.
The hon.
Member is aware that the decision to divert some of our aid spending into the defence of Europe is only a week old, but he must also be aware that we will come forward with the detail of that.
I reassure him and his constituents that Gaza was specifically mentioned in this House by the Prime Minister, because it remains one of our top priorities in the Foreign Office.
It is clear that Israel has been emboldened by Trumpian tactics in imposing a total siege and blocking all supplies, including humanitarian aid into Gaza, to force new ceasefire terms.
We in this House should be clear and call that what it is: collective punishment of the Palestinian people, starvation as a method of war, and a blatant war crime.
Will the Minister finally sanction Israel for these gross violations of international law?
Specifically on the question of sanctions, I think my hon.
Friend knows what I am going to say, which is that we do not talk about them until we make a decision.
We review any tools that we have available to us to protest.
We also need to understand that we are in the midst of a peace process.
We know that peace processes throughout history have had stop-start elements.
What we are doing is making clear our views—the views of this House and of the Government—that humanitarian aid must not be prevented from entering Gaza.
While this important peace process is going on, people still need to eat.
They still need lifesaving medical treatment.
Children still need to be educated.
That is the point we have continued to make all the way along.
In her letter resigning as Development Minister last week,  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  wrote that “it will be impossible…given the depth of the cut” to maintain the Government’s support for all their development commitments.
She explicitly cited aid to Gaza.
At this point, I commend the Totnes Friends of Palestine for raising £10,000 to help those in Gaza.
With hospitals destroyed, a lack of clean water, desperate food shortages and now more threats to power and water supplies, how will the Minister ensure that last week’s cuts to development spending will not worsen the humanitarian catastrophe happening in Gaza?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on all the work she does in her community to show international support and solidarity for communities in Gaza.
We know that the humanitarian situation remains extremely challenging, with more than 48,000 having been killed and 90% of the population having been displaced, many repeatedly.
I think the UK has a really good story to tell.
We have been in there for many decades now.
She mentions the outgoing Minister for Development, and a further £17 million was announced on  28 January  so that healthcare, food and shelter could reach tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure.
The hon.
Member asks about ongoing funding, and she is right to ask that question and hold our feet to the fire.
Once we have had time to look at the coming financial years and the comprehensive spending review, she will have her answer.
Does the Minister agree that Israel’s decision to block aid to more than 2 million Palestinians in Gaza is collective punishment?
With 80% of Gaza’s health infrastructure destroyed, 1,000 medical workers killed and the World Health Organisation estimating that 14,000 Palestinians, including 4,500 children, require urgent medical evacuation, what concrete steps have we taken to ensure that aid gets in and that those who need medical treatment have that treatment made available to them?