Health and wealth are two sides of the same coin, and we will not get economic growth without a healthy population.
But as a result of the national insurance contribution changes, the Care Provider Alliance reports that 73% of social care providers will have to refuse new care packages from local authorities or the NHS, and that 57% will have to hand back existing contracts.
What assurances can the Government provide to the huge number of people who are very scared that they will have to go without care and see their lives deteriorate?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point, but it is also important to point out that tough decisions on taxation must be made to fund the very services she is keen to support.
On her specific point about these pressures, we announced at the provisional local government settlement a further £200 million for adult and children’s social care to support authorities in delivering key services.
This will be allocated through the social care grant, which will bring the total increase in this grant in 2025-26 to £880 million, meaning that up to £3.7 billion of additional funding will be provided to social care authorities in 2025-26.
Ministers will be aware of analysis from the Nuffield Trust showing that that additional grant is being dwarfed by the additional costs that the Government are introducing.
On the great British high street, we know that our high streets are beautiful features of our cities, market towns and villages, but hospitality, retail, beauty and other service sectors are saying that the combination of national insurance and other changes will be a real hammer blow.
If high street shops start to close, that is bad for economic growth and bad for confidence.
What mechanisms will Ministers put in place to monitor the impact of the national insurance contributions changes on the vibrancy and resilience of our high streets?
All measures in the Budget were of course analysed by the Treasury and the Office for Budget Responsibility ahead of their announcement, and we keep in constant contact with industry representatives to see how policies are working in practice.
I draw her attention to my earlier remarks to her hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  about our business rates reform, which is a vital ask from the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
After years of chopping and changing from the Conservative party—changing reliefs from one year to the next, and offering no stability whatever to people in that sector—we are introducing permanently lower rates for the retail, hospitality and leisure sector from April 2026, and avoiding the complete end of relief that the Conservative party left in the in-tray when we arrived in office.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.
The growth mission is the central mission of this Government, and transport is an important enabler of that growth.
The spending review delivered a £1.1 billion cash increase to the transport budget in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25, representing 1.5% real-terms growth with record spending.
Further announcements will be made in the spending review.
In my constituency, Stevenage borough council is working to secure jobs and opportunity, with town centre regeneration under way and over 590 council homes delivered, but outdated infrastructure is holding back growth.
Businesses have been clear with me that upgrading Stevenage station gateway would unlock growth, with the prospect of 15,000 jobs being delivered and a £1.5 billion benefit to the economy each year.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can make the most of this opportunity to unlock economic growth through more infrastructure investment?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that investing in infrastructure will enable growth in cities, towns and villages across the whole of our United Kingdom.
We will set out further detail alongside the spending review in our 10-year infrastructure strategy in June.
No doubt Stevenage, being sited between London and the Oxford-Cambridge corridor, will benefit enormously from announcements already made, but decisions on specific schemes will be taken by the Department for Transport following the spending review.
The midlands rail hub project would represent major investment in rail infrastructure across the west midlands.
Crucially, it would mean more frequent trains on the cross-city line, which serves Lichfield.
Before the pandemic, that was the busiest commuter line in the country outside London.
What assurances can Ministers give me and my constituents that more trains will be coming on this line, and coming soon?