(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in Gaza.
We urge all parties to fully implement the ceasefire to help deliver a permanent end to hostilities.
We are very concerned at reports that Israel is preventing humanitarian aid from entering Gaza.
Israel must not block aid coming into Gaza.
Humanitarian aid should never be contingent on a ceasefire or used as a political tool.
We urge the Government of Israel to lift restrictions immediately and unconditionally.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire.
The halt on goods and supplies entering Gaza risks breaching Israel’s obligations under international humanitarian law.
The UK is doing all we can to provide support.
Alongside our existing support, on  28 January , the then Minister for Development, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , announced a further £17 million in funding to ensure that healthcare, food and shelter reaches tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure across the Occupied Palestinian Territories and neighbouring countries.
We must all work together with the United Nations and all partners to continue to facilitate aid and ensure it is sustained.
Fully reinstating commercial deliveries will be key, as will allowing more types of goods in, so that civilians who lost their homes can be protected and civilian infrastructure repaired.
We welcome the announcement of an agreement to end the fighting in Gaza, and we welcome the release of 38 hostages in Gaza so far, including British national Emily Damari and Eli Sharabi, who both have both close links to the UK.
Emily, of course, has met the Prime Minister and discussed her dreadful treatment at the hands of Hamas.
The hostages and their families have endured unimaginable suffering from the cruelty of Hamas, and the situation in Gaza has continued to worsen.
The current ceasefire is the only way for the region to move forward.
As we have made clear, we want to see a negotiated two-state solution, with a sovereign Palestinian state, including the west bank and Gaza, alongside a safe and secure Israel.
We have also made it clear that we would oppose any effort to move Palestinians in Gaza to neighbouring Arab states against their will.
Forced displacement of Palestinians or any reduction in the territory of the Gaza strip are simply not an option.
We need Palestinian civilians to be able to return to their homes and lives, and to rebuild.
International law guarantees them this right.
A two-state solution is the only way to secure long-term peace and security for Palestinians and Israelis.
As the Foreign Secretary said: “You can hold in your heart the pain of the Israeli people and the plight of those hostages and their families, and at the same time, you can hold in your heart the awful damage, pain and suffering that this has wrought on Gaza, with well over 45,000 Palestinian people having lost their lives.”—[Official
Report,  16 January 2025 ; Vol. 760, c. 535.]
We must continue to focus on the future and on turning the current ceasefire deal into a political process that leads to a two-state solution, including the west bank and Gaza.
Over the weekend, the Israeli Government took the decision to block the entry of humanitarian aid into Gaza.
The Minister talked about that aid, but it can no longer be delivered.
Israel is once again using starvation as a weapon of war, and today we hear that it has also announced a so-called “hell plan” that would see electricity and remaining water supplies cut off.
These decisions coincide with the end of the first phase of the ceasefire agreement, with negotiations on phase 2 barely begun, jeopardising the release of the remaining live hostages, plans for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza and a longer-term peace agreement.
The UN has said: “International humanitarian law is clear: We must be allowed access to deliver vital lifesaving aid.”
Oxfam described the move, made as Ramadan began, as a “reckless act of collective punishment, explicitly prohibited under international humanitarian law”, and the International Court of Justice has previously issued explicit instructions to Israel to facilitate aid deliveries to Gaza.
Does the Minister agree that the Israeli Government are again in clear violation of the ceasefire agreement and of international humanitarian law?
Has she, or have her colleagues, spoken to their Israeli counterparts to condemn Israel’s “hell plan”, and to make it clear that there must be no resumption of the war and that  it is unacceptable for the people of Gaza to be denied critical food, water, and medical or any other supplies?
What action will the UK take against the Israeli Government if they continue, illegally, to use humanitarian aid and access to water and power as a bargaining chip?
I know that the Minister wants the ceasefire to hold.
Can she share her assessment of the impact of these latest developments on the prospects for a lasting, just and fair peace?