What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the most recent figures for Government borrowing.
In the autumn I took the decisions to put our public finances back on a firm footing.
The most recent GDP data showed that the economy grew by 0.4% in the final month of last year.
As I have said on many occasions, our fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
The Conservative party sent mortgage rates and business borrowing costs spiralling; we have returned stability to the public finances to give families and businesses the stability that they need.
The servicing cost is now twice what we are spending on defence, which the Chancellor is right to be increasing.
What is her ambition for finding savings in the welfare budget?
I agree that we need to get a grip of the welfare budget, which got out of control under the previous Conservative Government.
Frankly, I am not going to take lectures from the Conservative party, which crashed the economy.
Let me remind the House what the right hon.
Gentleman said about the disastrous mini-Budget: “I share entirely the free-market ideology that underpins the Chancellor’s statement…The Chancellor was right to be radical.”
He added: “I rejoice at the two fingers the Chancellor has raised to socialist dogma and envy.”
I think that the financial markets and the British public have united in their view on the previous Government.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Scotland.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Edinburgh North and Leith constituency.
Economic growth is the No. 1 mission of this Government.
Scotland will play an important role.
At the autumn Budget we announced that the Scottish Government will be provided with £47.7 billion in its 2025-26 settlement—the largest in real terms in the history of devolution.
We also confirmed £130 million of targeted funding, including for city and growth deals.
In Scotland, we have seen almost two decades of wasteful spending while public services get worse.
Does the Minister agree that good public services are essential to economic growth, and that Scottish taxpayers are not getting good value for money under the SNP Government?
On my recent visit to Scotland I heard just that.
The people of Scotland deserve the same approach that the people of England are getting from this Government, who have stability and economic growth as their mission and who are getting a grip of public finances after years of failure.
Quite frankly, we have given the Scottish Government the money, and they now need to get on with the job.
If they cannot, they need to move out of the way.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend will agree on the importance of the Scotch whisky industry.
Support for the industry starts at home by attracting investment, including at the Port of Leith distillery in my constituency, which is producing single malt Scotch whisky, attracting tourists and showcasing the best of Scottish hospitality.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware of the industry’s concerns about the watering down of the definition of single malt, which will have an impact on investment and growth.
Will he therefore work with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that no change is made to the definition of single malt that would undermine the Scottish success story and investment in the Scottish whisky industry?
Scotch whisky is a proud British brand and export, and this Government will always support the industry.
I have checked with Ministers from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and I can confirm that we will not be watering down the definition of single malt whisky.
Mr Speaker, you will have seen the film “Skyfall”, in which James Bond and M travel up the A9.
But the A9 is a killer road, and we have had a litany of broken promises from the SNP Government.
That is hardly conducive to economic growth in Scotland.