Title: HONORING DOMINICAN AUTHOR WEEK; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
83

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DOMINICAN AUTHOR WEEK

HON.
PABLO JOSE HERNANDEZ

Saturday, May 17, 2025

Mr. HERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pride to

recognize and celebrate the extraordinary contributions of Dominican

writers during the official observance of the Casa Dominicana Week of

the Dominican Author, to be held from May 12 to May 17, 2025.
This

historic celebration is made possible through the joint efforts of the

Dominican Ministry of Culture, Dominican Consulate in Puerto Rico,

UNESCO Dominican Republic, and PEN International Dominican Republic.
It

is also thanks to the collaboration of the Senate of Puerto Rico, House

of Representatives of Puerto Rico, and the Municipal Legislature of San

Juan.
The written word is among the most powerful expressions of a person's

soul.
Through literature, authors preserve memory, provoke thought, and

illuminate the human condition.
Dominican literature in particular

stands as a vibrant testament to the cultural richness, resilience, and

creativity of a people whose stories transcend borders and generations.
Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic share a deep connection and

culture.
Our common Spanish language reflects a historical struggle.
Literature serves as a testament to our history and the relationship we

have shared between both countries for centuries.
This week, as the representative of Puerto Rico in Congress, I join

the Dominican Republic to honor a distinguished group of Dominican

writers, both from the homeland and the diaspora, who have made

exceptional contributions to the arts and the global literary

community.
In addition, the Dominican community makes essential

contributions to Puerto Rican society as business owners, athletes and

great citizens.
Today, I am pleased to recognize the contributions of

the following Dominican honorees to the Caribbean and global

literature:

Carlos Roberto Gomez Beras, Miguel Angel Fornerin, Eugenio Garcia

Cuevas, Doris Melo, Antonio Nelson Soto, Miguel Patino, Ramon Dario

Jimenez.
Sebastian Robiou Lamarche, Ana A. Marchena Segura, Giovanni di

Pietro, Israel Mercedes, Romelinda Grullon, Nelson del Castillo, Dulce

Elvira de los Santos.
Grace Pena, Rosario Guzman, Pamela Bernal, Dorothy Bell Ferrer,

Rafael Mendez Tejada.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I commend these

distinguished authors on their well-deserved recognition, and I wish

them continued success in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Saturday, May 17, 2025

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
128 (H.R. 2243) and YEA on Roll Call No.
129 (H. Res.
352).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING CHAIRMAN BO MAZZETTI

HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Saturday, May 17, 2025

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life

of Bo Mazzetti--a veteran, a veteran statesman, and a relentless

champion for tribal sovereignty and the people of the Rincon Band of

Luiseno Indians.
For over two decades.
Bo not only led his own tribe but also helped

lead California's Native nations into a more prosperous future.
Known

for his steady hand, quiet dignity.
and unmatched resolve.
Bo was most

importantly a leader who never failed to listen.
From San Diego County,

to Sacramento, and all the way to the halls of Congress--he made

historic changes to advance tribal sovereignty.
Be it tribal water

rights, infrastructure modernization, or unjust gaming compacts.
Bo

brought common sense solutions to difficult problems.
A Vietnam veteran, Bo remained devoted to leadership and service from

the time he enlisted in the Navy.
And to those of us who had the honor

to serve and work alongside him--he was a friend.
Bo's legacy will live on in the lands he protected, the institutions

he built, and the generations he empowered.
My prayers are with his

wife, Mary, his children.
and the entire Rincon community,