Mary served under 11 mayors and 59 city council members, and she has

helped Tampa Bay grow into the thriving community it is today.
Mary

worked in the legal department as City Attorney James Palermo's

Assistant until 2011.
She then returned as the legislative aide to City

Council member Charlie Miranda, where she will finish out her tenure as

a City of Tampa employee.
Serving as an aide to Charlie Miranda, Mary garnered a reputation

that no constituent request was out of reach.
From potholes to a noisy

neighbor, she ensured that everyone's requests were accounted for.
Mary

is known for her vast institutional knowledge, willingness to help and

tenacity.
She was known for calling up an administrator and speaking

plainly, cutting through red tape to make sure the job at hand got done

in a timely manner.
In 2023, Mayor Castor awarded Mary the Josephine Howard Stafford

Memorial Award, an award given to a woman employed by the City of Tampa

who has demonstrated outstanding commitment to her position and

community.
Mayor Castor has commented that, ``There's rarely a night I

go home and it's not dark outside, and if there is another car in the

lot, it's Mary's.''
For over the past twenty years, Mary has also set up the holiday

decorations at Old City Hall.
Even through her hard work, she always

made time to spread cheer.
Mary's colleagues say she is not only an effective fighter, but her

dedication reflects deep care for her neighbors.
Occasionally when

residents have appeared before the city council, some have felt

intimidated by a list of suits and procedural rules.
She has, at times,

held people's hands to help them navigate city-level bureaucracy.
Stephen Michelins, a city planner in the 1970's, said, ``When people

would get stuck, she'll go out in the audience and grab them and say,

`Come here.'
She's been the friend of thousands.''
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors in Tampa Bay and the citizens

of Florida, I am proud to honor Mary Bryan for her service to the City

of Tampa.
Mary dedicated her life ensuring that everyone had a place in

Tampa Bay.
It is hard-working and selfless public servants like Mary

that make Tampa the welcoming and generous place it is today.
Our

community is eternally grateful for Mary's immense contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JULIE TENSEN AS SHE STEPS INTO RETIREMENT

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my longtime

employee, Julie Tensen.
I have often said that a really good staff makes a decent Member of

Congress look great--and I have the best staff.
I've been fortunate to

have outstanding individuals like Julie by my side.
Julie started working for me early in my career.
She's had many roles

since the beginning, including Education Outreach Coordinator, where

she teamed up with the Lee Pesky Learning Center to create a program

aimed at helping new mothers read to their babies and create healthy

habits that we know are so important in today's tech world.
I can

honestly say that Julie was ahead of her time and got me involved in

this important initiative back in 2002.
A Congressman's schedule is crazy at best.
You have your Washington

schedule full of hearings, votes, and thousands of meetings, and then

you have the district schedule that consists of tours, site visits,

office meetings, and so much more.
Meeting with your constituents in

their environment and the logistics that go with it are even more

complicated.
I could always count on Julie to dot every `i' and cross

every `t'.
People may also be unaware that every member of Congress receives an

MRA, or a Member's Representational Allowance.
This is your budget for

running all of your offices.