Title: CELEBRATING ELGIN VINES' 90TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
135

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ELGIN VINES' 90TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of my

constituent, Elgin Vines, who turned 90 years old on May 19, 2025.
Through the segregation of the Jim Crow South, on stages big and small

across the world, Mr Vines' career as a bassist continues to be a

bridge in the jazz community--connecting worlds, hearts, and histories.
Born on May 19, 1935, in Suffolk, Virginia, at a time when the odds

were not in his favor, Mr. Vines charted a course that was uniquely his

own.
As a student at Norfolk State University with a Biology/Medical

Technology major, Mr. Vines paid his tuition and fees with gigs along

the Virginia Beach ``strip,'' before graduating as an ASCP-certified

medical technologist.
During that time, he was also a member of the

house trio on the daily ``Morty Nevins Television Show'' for three

years.
In his eight-year stint as a bassist for the touring group ``The

New Direction,'' Mr. Vines was a guest on national programs like The

Tonight Show.
He has also played alongside giants like Frank Sinatra

Sr.
and Jr., the Mills Brothers, and toured on the same circuits as

Ella Fitzgerald and Elvis Presley.
What Mr. Vines remembers most is not

the glitz of the spotlight, but the dignity of people who, like him,

believed music could tear down walls.
Mr. Vines moved to West Michigan in 1972, where he married his wife

of nearly 52 years, Jackie, and played bass for the Bennie Carew Trio--

quickly becoming an indispensable member of our local music community.
Mr. Vines has been a member of the Grand Rapids Symphony Orchestra Jazz

Ensemble, played for the Grand Rapids Public Museum and the Gerald R.

Ford Presidential Museum, and worked in many local trios.
He has gifted

his love of jazz to both neighbors and Hollyhock Lane parade-goers for

decades.
Mr. Vines is more than a bassist.
He is a living example of

compassion, resilience, and strength.
Mr. Speaker, once more, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending

Mr. Elgin Vines for his lifelong impact.
His rhythm has carried

generations, and his soulful steadiness has graced every room he's

walked into.
I wish him another happy, healthy, and fulfilling year

ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 63 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE BY CITY OF TAMPA EMPLOYEE MARY

BRYAN

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career

and contributions of Mary Bryan, a spirited and dedicated public

servant whose love of the City of Tampa knows no bounds.
Mary served

her Tampa neighbors for over 63 years, which began after her high

school graduation in 1962.
She holds the record for the longest-serving

employee of the City of Tampa.
I congratulate Mary on an incredible

career and thank her for her unwavering dedication to the Tampa Bay

Community.
Mary began her career in the early redevelopment office of Urban

Renewal in 1962 and remained there until 1972.
She assisted in the

first wave of City of Tampa renewal and redevelopment programs.
She

continued her work in the housing, code enforcement and zoning

department before beginning in the city attorney's office.
Mary was the

principal and trusted grants writer responsible for awards totaling in

the tens of millions of dollars to the city annually.
Mary served under 11 mayors and 59 city council members, and she has

helped Tampa Bay grow into the thriving community it is today.
Mary

worked in the legal department as City Attorney James Palermo's

Assistant until 2011.
She then returned as the legislative aide to City

Council member Charlie Miranda, where she will finish out her tenure as

a City of Tampa employee.