Blue envelope programs allow drivers, upon request, to receive a blue

envelope that explains on the front that the driver has difficulty

communicating through speech and that holds the documents a police

officer might request during a traffic stop.
These programs exist in

many jurisdictions across the country, including statewide in

Massachusetts, Connecticut, Arkansas, Rhode Island, Arizona and

Vermont.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DEAL FIRST AID SQUAD

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Deal First

Aid Squad as they celebrate their 75th Anniversary this year.
In 1950, residents of the Borough of Deal, New Jersey founded the

Deal First Aid Squad to provide emergency medical services day

and night.
For 75 years, this organization has operated uninterrupted,

completely volunteer-based, and performed a range of reliable services

from routine transport to emergency response.
With exemplary civic

dedication, members have fostered an immeasurable dependability that

stands out as a pillar to the Deal community and beyond.
I commend the

Deal First Aid Squad for their commitment to support residents during

times of need, including life-saving interventions and storm-related

emergencies.
As the country braces with more extreme weather, like

severe flooding and heat, it is rewarding to know that safety is the

priority to the Deal First Aid Squad

Today, the community outreach by the Deal First Aid Squad is truly

inspiring.
The organization reached hundreds of residents with classes

to CPR, AED, and First Aid training.
Over the past few decades, they

have answered tens of thousands of calls, while participating in

several town parades, health fairs, and local school events.
The strong

community connection is reflected in the generations of families that

have joined the Deal First Aid Squad.
Notably, they have served in key

mutual aid roles and frequent interagency cooperation across Monmouth

County.
Mr Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in marking

the 75th Anniversary of the Deal First Aid Squad and celebrating its

rich impact on the Borough of Deal and greater Monmouth County.