As we continue to witness the erosion of local news and independent

media, Diane's example reminds us why supporting journalists--and

especially those committed to covering complex systems like health

care--is essential to our democracy.
We owe her our gratitude.
May her memory be a blessing, and may her

legacy continue to inspire the next generation of truth-tellers.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF RONALD ``RONNIE'' HARVEY

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, on the 14th day of October 1959, a meeting was

held far from Earth, and it was said, ``It's time for a warrior to be

born on Earth.''
This was the birth of Ronald W. Harvey, also known as

Ronnie.
He was born and grew up in Harvey, Illinois, where he attended

Thornton High School and studied at the Metropolitan State University

of Denver.
He enjoyed baseball during his high school years.
Later,

Ronnie married the love of his life, a dedicated community leader, Mrs.

Roxie Harvey.
Ronnie worked for the U.S. Postal Service for over 30 years and

retired.
During his tenure at the post office, he played in the post

office basketball league and had a fierce 3-point shot.
He and his

friend, Speech, secretly started a prayer circle named the Brothers of

the Circle.
The group was so effective and grew so large that they had

to move the meeting to a bowling alley.
Post retirement, Ronnie worked as a truck driver for Lucky Duck

Express and Dynasty Trucking.
He was later ordained and served as

Pastor of the Real Love Christian Center in Illinois.
He served as a

mentor and went on several mission trips to help improve the lives of

others.
He rendered his service and passion by feeding the homeless and

listening to and encouraging others in Jesus Christ.
Whether it was in Illinois, Honduras, or Florida, Ronnie's impact

will continue to be felt as his legacy will live on through his beloved

wife, Roxie, and his seven children.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF WYANDOTTE COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPUTY ELIJAH MING

HON.
SHARICE DAVIDS

Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor Deputy Elijah

Ming, who gave his life to serving his community.
Deputy Ming began serving with the Wyandotte County Sheriff's Office

on October 13, 2016.
In his nine years with the Office, he worked in

the Detention Center for six years, spent two years on Patrol, and

spent one year in Court Transport.
He was truly everything good you

would want in both a law enforcement officer and in a friend.
He was

always willing to step in for voluntary overtime and to lend a helping

hand.
Deputy Ming's work with the department ensured the safety and

wellbeing of Wyandotte County residents.
Our community mourns the loss

of Deputy Ming and will miss the bright, positive attitude he brought

to the Office.
He was a true patriot and a shining example of courage

and dedication.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BLUE ENVELOPE ACT OF 2025

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Blue Envelope Act of

2025.
This bill would make blue envelope programs, which improve

interactions between police officers and drivers with difficulty

communicating through speech during a traffic stop, eligible for

federal transportation safety funding.
The American Association of

People with Disabilities has endorsed this bill.
Blue envelope programs allow drivers, upon request, to receive a blue

envelope that explains on the front that the driver has difficulty

communicating through speech and that holds the documents a police

officer might request during a traffic stop.
These programs exist in

many jurisdictions across the country, including statewide in

Massachusetts, Connecticut, Arkansas, Rhode Island, Arizona and

Vermont.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.