I commend Officer Peirce on his courage during a difficult

situation and thank him for his decades of service to the Newfields and

Rye Police Departments.
In response to calls about a distressed individual in the police

department's parking lot, Officer Peirce arrived on the scene ready to

assist in the de-escalation of a mental health crisis.
Without any

backup Peirce engaged with the man, asking him questions and listening

to his concerns, empowered by his years of de-escalation training and

mental health classes.
After removing a gun from the individual's car,

Officer Peirce encouraged the man to travel with him to Portsmouth

Hospital in order to receive treatment and speak with the staff at the

Behavioral Health Unit.
Officer Peirce's ability to de-escalate the situation is a result of

his quick thinking and courage, as well as the professional training in

mental health affairs he received as a member of the force.
By

listening to the concerns of the individual, acting quickly to withdraw

and empty his gun, and helping him access the care he needed, Officer

Peirce demonstrated bravery and empathy, making him truly deserving of

the Life Saving Award.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I thank Officer Peirce for his bravery and recognize him for

his service to the people of New Hampshire.
His heroism and sense of

duty will serve as a shining example for all Granite State public

safety professionals.
I wish Officer Peirce all the best in his future

endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 15TH ANNUAL FAMILY CHRISTMAS EXTRAVAGANZA

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, December 16, 2023, Brevard

County families, businesses and local community organizations will

gather to celebrate the 15th Annual Family Christmas Extravaganza.
This

wonderful event, which will take place at Fred Poppe Regional Park in

Palm Bay, FL, will provide an uplifting message of hope and future

during this Christmas season.
The House Church, River of Life Christian Center, Elevation Church,

Eastwind Pentecostal Church, Grace Bible Church, Jornada al Cielo,

Church on the Rock, Truth Reveal Ministries, Wings of Grace Ministries,

CITA Rescue Mission, have all united to bring the 15th Annual Family

Christmas Extravaganza to our City and County.
Working with several community and business partners such as the City

of Palm Bay Parks & Recreation, Thrifty Specialty Produce, Chick-Fil-A,

Fruits of my Labor, Engel & Volkers, Gator Automotive, the Mortgage

Firm, Frog Bones-Family Shooting Center, Z88.3FM, All Digital All Day,

Grifols Plasma Distribution Center, Double Scope, Al Dia Today

Newspaper, Martin's Famous Potato Rolls, SMTC Manufacturing, and

Premiere Oaks 10 Cinema, the mission is to provide a positive venue for

residents and children to celebrate Christmas, serve others and give

back to their community.
Over sixty local businesses and organizations have made donations of

toys, food, gift certificates, equipment, finances, and goodie bags,

and will feature musicians and artist such as Unified Sound with Joel

Lopez, Peabod, Carl Lewis and the Intensity Band, Eddie Anthony as

Eddie Frost, Jalixa Morales as FA-LA-LA-LA-LIXA and Corey Sprenkle with

S & S Sound.
Senior Pastor Ken Delgado of The House at Palm Bay said: ``With

today's news being filled with division, contention, and expressions of

hatred, it is exciting to see the City of Palm Bay, along with the

city's businesses and the citizens, create an event where love, joy and

peace are expressed.
The Family Christmas Extravaganza is the greatest

expression that so many people yearn for and is what the angels

proclaimed at the birth of Jesus, saying `Peace and good will towards

all men'.''
The Mayor of the City of Palm Bay, Rob Medina, issued a proclamation

in support for this year's celebration, recognizing the Extravaganza

has become the largest Christmas party on the Space Coast and December

16, 2023, as Family Christmas Extravaganza Day.