ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Major David

Charles Hoffman for 39 years of dedicated service to our country.
Major Hoffman started his career with the U.S. Army after graduating

from Cleveland Marshall College of Law in 1985, when he received his

commission as a Judge Advocate in the U.S. Army.
His Meritorious

Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, and Army Achievement Medal are

a testament to his exceptional achievements and the magnitude of his

contributions through his service.
Major Hoffman's commitment to learning was instrumental in his

success.
In 1988, he graduated from the U.S. Army's Command and General

Staff College.
That same year, he graduated from the Army Logistics

Management College, where he was named as a distinguished graduate of

the Management of Defense Acquisitions Course.
On October 2, 1998, Major Hoffman joined the U.S. Army Reserves, and

on that same date, he joined the U.S. Department of Justice as an

attorney with the Civil Division, Commercial Litigation Branch.
While

there, he continued to serve the people of Virginia.
Since 2005, he has

served as the Deputy General Counsel for Audit Policy and Contract

Litigation in the Office of General Counsel for the Defense Contract

Audit Agency at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
In recognition of his esteemed

service on behalf of the American people, the Defense Contract Audit

Agency bestowed Major Hoffman with the Civilian Meritorious Service

Award.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Major David Charles Hoffman for 39 years of service to our

country and in wishing him the best as he retires to spend time with

his wife of 43 years, Cheryl, and their two children, Kristin and

Jonathan.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO CAPTAIN KENNETH ZACHARIE

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero, Dallas Fire-Rescue Captain Kenneth Zacharie.
Earlier

this month at a Nimitz High School basketball game, Kenneth, alongside

an Arlington Lamar High School Athletic Trainer and Arlington EMS

supervisor, worked to save a young athlete when she collapsed on the

court during pregame warm-ups.
The young athlete went into cardiac

arrest and Kenneth swooped into action, using chest compressions and a

defibrillator.
As a result of his heroic actions, the student-athlete

is now on the road to recovery.
Kenneth's wife coaches the Nimitz High School girls' varsity

basketball team.
Luckily, Kenneth brought their three sons to the game

earlier than usual and was there when the student-athlete collapsed

before the game began.
As the Captain of the Rapid Intervention Team,

Kenneth is no stranger to serious situations and was able to work with

others to provide a swift, lifesaving response.
I'd like to thank Captain Kenneth Zacharie for being a shining

example of the heroes that make North Texas such an amazing community

to live in.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CONTINUED SERVICE OF COMMANDER CHRISTIAN WOODSIDE

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Commander Christian Woodside, United States Navy,

during his service as a legislative fellow in my Washington, D.C.

office this year.
Throughout 2023, Christian has played a critical role

in supporting my work on the House Armed Services Committee and

representing the proud Navy community in eastern Connecticut.
As Ranking Member of the House Seapower and Projection Forces

Subcommittee, which has the solemn, critical duty of overseeing much of

our nation's Navy, Marine Corps, and various Air Force programs and

policies, his perspective was essential to me and my office.
Year in,

and year out, the Department of Defense's legislative fellowship

program brings highly talented officers to Capitol Hill who provide

invaluable benefits to Members of the House and Senate and the defense

committees.