Senior Pastor Ken Delgado of The House at Palm Bay said: ``With

today's news being filled with division, contention, and expressions of

hatred, it is exciting to see the City of Palm Bay, along with the

city's businesses and the citizens, create an event where love, joy and

peace are expressed.
The Family Christmas Extravaganza is the greatest

expression that so many people yearn for and is what the angels

proclaimed at the birth of Jesus, saying `Peace and good will towards

all men'.''
The Mayor of the City of Palm Bay, Rob Medina, issued a proclamation

in support for this year's celebration, recognizing the Extravaganza

has become the largest Christmas party on the Space Coast and December

16, 2023, as Family Christmas Extravaganza Day.
The spirit of the holidays is all about giving and spending time with

loved ones.
This year's Extravaganza brings our community together to

remind us of that.
I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting all those

who are doing their part to spread the Christmas spirit this holiday

season and those who have worked so hard to make the 15th Annual Family

Christmas Extravaganza possible.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF WDSU CHANNEL 6

HON.
STEVE SCALISE

Mr. SCALISE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize a local

television station, WDSU Channel 6, on their 75th Anniversary.
On

December 18, 1948, WDSU became the first television station to ``sign

on'' in the State of Louisiana and the Gulf Coast region and for the

next nine years would remain our only local station.
Starting with the invocation of archdiocesan chancellor Monsignor

Charles J. Plauche in 1948, WDSU has been an eyewitness for historical

moments that have shaped our region.
WDSU was on the scene during the

building of the Crescent City Connection which connects New Orleans'

East Bank to the West Bank.
The station was there to provide the first

live election results in the Greater New Orleans area, and WDSU

reporters were the only ones to live broadcast the World's Fair in New

Orleans in 1984.
The station chronicled the moments leading up to

landfall of Hurricane Katrina, with coverage during the storm, and the

days, months, and years following as the people of Southeast Louisiana

recovered and rebuilt.
The station has since covered other major storms

to hit the area including Hurricanes Gustav, Ike, Laura, and Ida.
The name WDSU is widely recognized across the Greater New Orleans

area but not

many know the significance behind the name.
The ``W'' in WDSU is used

by stations east of the Mississippi River.
The ``D'' honors the Desoto

Hotel where the original radio station, formerly known as WCBE,

broadcasted above.
The ``S'' is a nod to the old New Orleans States

newspaper, and the ``U'' recognizes Joe Uhalt who bought the original

radio station.
It is truly my pleasure to recognize WDSU's 75th Anniversary.
On

behalf of the great people of Louisiana's First Congressional District,

I thank the anchors, photographers, journalists, and the whole staff at

WDSU for their continued coverage of breaking news, historical events,

and representation of the Greater New Orleans area, ensuring our

community is informed and entertained.
WDSU's commitment to public

service and broadcasting does not go unnoticed and is appreciated by

the entire New Orleans region.