Our Nation is best served at sea and here onshore by

officers and leaders of the highest caliber, like Christian.
He

embodies such qualities and has a promising career ahead in continued

service to our nation, and we owe him such gratitude.
I ask that the

House join me in wishing CDR Christian Woodside, his spouse Leigh Anne,

and their two daughters, Hannah and Charlotte, the best of luck in

their next life chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JAYLIN MARTINEZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jaylin Martinez

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Jaylin has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Jaylin, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Jaylin's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Arvada K-8

School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Jaylin Martinez on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JESUS FIGUEROA-ARRIGA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jesus Figueroa-

Arriga for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Jesus has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Jesus, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament

to Jesus's hard work, determination, and perseverance at Jefferson Jr./

Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Jesus Figueroa-Arriga on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RANDY K. WEBER, SR.
Mr. WEBER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, due to a family

health issue that required prompt attention, I missed two suspension

votes last night regarding our greatest ally, Israel.
Had I been

present, I would have voted yes--without reservation--for both

measures: I unequivocally reaffirm Israel's right to exist, and I

support the immediate release of all hostages taken by the jihadist

terrorist organization Hamas.
I am thankful that my colleagues in

Congress voted overwhelmingly in favor of these measures.
Anyone

familiar with my voting record knows that I have always stood

foursquare in support of Israel and will continue to do so.
Hamas must

be eradicated, all prisoners must be released, and we must continue to

remove any shred of doubt about Israel's right to exist.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OFFICER JEFFREY PEIRCE

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Officer

Jeffrey Peirce of the Newfields Police Department for his recent act of

bravery that earned him the Department's Life Saving Award.
When an

armed man experiencing a mental health crisis needed assistance,

Officer Peirce relied on his training, experience, and sense of duty to

effectively de-escalate the situation and help the individual access

proper care.
I commend Officer Peirce on his courage during a difficult

situation and thank him for his decades of service to the Newfields and

Rye Police Departments.
In response to calls about a distressed individual in the police

department's parking lot, Officer Peirce arrived on the scene ready to

assist in the de-escalation of a mental health crisis.
Without any

backup Peirce engaged with the man, asking him questions and listening

to his concerns, empowered by his years of de-escalation training and

mental health classes.