Last week, the Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights released a detailed report on the genocide in Darfur.
The report describes atrocity crimes—including massacres, sexual   violence, the burning of villages and the destruction of key infrastructure—all targeting Darfurians in the region.
The authors of the report say: “Just twenty years after the first genocide…the same perpetrators are committing the same atrocities against the same innocent groups, all while evading accountability.”
Can I ask the Minister whether he has read the report, and is his Department planning to meet the Raoul Wallenberg Centre?
What is the Government’s own assessment of the risk of genocide in Darfur, and how are they planning to implement their obligations under the genocide convention?
Finally, has a joint analysis of conflict and stability been carried out on the situation in Sudan, and if not, why not?
If it has, will he share those findings with the House?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to focus on what is happening in Darfur.
He will know that we have funded the Centre for Information Resilience, which investigates attacks on civilians, and is monitoring and keeping records wherever possible, so that—at some point, one day—there can be accountability and no impunity.
He will also be aware that the position in Darfur—he asked me this question specifically—bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
I first visited Darfur in 2005, and again in 2006 with the Foreign Secretary.
It has been a significant preoccupation of this House, and rightly so.
The hon.
Gentleman may rest assured that we are doing everything we can to support the poor and long-suffering people of Darfur in every way we can, but he will equally understand the physical constraints on being able to do that in the way that we would wish.
This has been described as the world’s worst humanitarian crisis in decades, and the war that the world chooses to ignore.
Last week, members of the all-party group on Sudan and South Sudan heard from eyewitnesses and aid workers.
We heard of 5 million people on the brink of famine, of aid convoys being held at gunpoint, of aid being looted, and of 50 aid workers murdered.
The war, the misery, has gone on for a year, and it is getting worse.
People want to know what the UK, as the penholder at the UN, is doing to try to shift the dial and bring peace.
On behalf of the all-party group, I ask: what pressure are we putting on the United Arab Emirates and Iran to stop them supplying arms?
What actions are being taken to enable the aid convoys to move?
What is being done to end the culture of impunity?
Why have those already indicted for genocide never been held to account, and why will the UK not appoint a dedicated envoy, so we can show that we put all our diplomatic weight behind efforts to find peace?
We always consider whether the issue of the envoy could be boosted, and as I said to my right hon.
Friend, we think that the position at the moment is providing maximum effect, but we keep such matters under review.
I pay particular tribute to her and the APPG for the work they do.
She is entirely right in what she says: the UN issued a white note on  15 March , warning of the risk of conflict-induced famine.
At least 21 humanitarian aid workers have been murdered, 8.6 million people are displaced, and nearly 18 million people are suffering acute levels of food insecurity.
That is 40% of the population, and among them are 730,000 children who are facing the deadliest form of malnutrition.
As has been said, almost 25 million people in Sudan are in need of assistance, more than 8 million people have been left displaced, and the lives of 230,000 children and new mothers are at grave risk due to famine.
The United Nations Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that $2.7 billion is needed to meet the huge humanitarian need in the country.
I note from what the Minister said that the UK has doubled the humanitarian aid that it has committed, but does the Minister agree that that still falls far short of the threshold?
Ultimately, it will achieve very little if there is not a ceasefire and an end to the fighting, to allow that aid to be distributed safely.
What are the UK Government doing, along with our international partners, to ensure that we achieve that immediate and lasting ceasefire sooner rather than later?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that a ceasefire is essential, with troops returning to barracks and the opening up of a political track, and that is the central thrust of the British Government’s policy.
He acknowledges that we have managed nearly to double aid to £89 million this year.
For South Sudan—this, of course, also addresses many of the problems of Sudan—the figure for this financial year is £111 million, which is more than double what it was.
That includes multilateral and bilateral spend.
The fact that Britain has doubled its contribution gives it a locus, which was well used by my noble friend Lord Benyon last week in Paris at the Sudan conference, to make the point about other countries also supporting, given the desperate plight in which so many in Sudan find themselves.