In respect of my right hon.
Friend’s final point, we are hopeful that the third set of negotiations in Jeddah will take place.
The Saudis committed on  15 April  to that happening in early May, and we are extremely grateful to the Saudis for that and for inviting the UAE, Egypt, the African Union and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development to be part of the negotiations.
The former Chairman of the Defence Committee is right about the danger of contagion across the region.
We are doing everything we can to support Abdalla Hamdok and the Taqaddum, as I mentioned earlier.
In terms of our support within Sudan, the ambassador is currently based in Addis Ababa and is working energetically with all the relevant parties to try to make progress.
The Sudanese community in Liverpool, Riverside, will be decidedly underwhelmed by the Minister’s response to this urgent question.
He mentioned supporting people moving to  neighbouring areas, but he did not mention the Sudanese who have lived, worked and contributed for years to the UK bringing over family members who are fleeing the conflict, or extending student visas or protections for Sudanese asylum seekers.
What will it take for the UK to provide a visa programme for Sudanese asylum seekers, similar to the Ukrainian scheme?
The two situations are not analogous.
If the Labour party wants to launch a campaign for extra visas and a special scheme matching the one in Ukraine, I look forward to hearing details of it.
My wife and I spent a wonderful holiday in Sudan a few years ago, and it was wonderful to see the amazing people there, as well as the rich cultural heritage that Sudan has to offer.
There are many world heritage sites, such as the pyramids of Meroë—there are more pyramids in Sudan than Egypt—ancient cathedrals, and even Lord Kitchener’s boat.
We hear that fighting has spread to some of the world heritage areas.
UNESCO is protecting two world heritage areas, Meroë and Gebel Barkal, under the heritage emergency fund, to which the UK Government contribute, but what further work and money can the UK put in to protect this world heritage, bolster UNESCO and protect these ancient and important aspects of our civilisation?
My hon.
Friend is right about the great heritage and deep links, including heritage links, between Britain and Sudan over many years.
The truth is that we have to do everything we can, holding the pen on Sudan at the United Nations as we do, to achieve this ceasefire and the reopening of political space.
If we can do that, we can focus directly on the points that he makes.
What discussions has the Minister had with other countries to apply pressure to stop the flow of arms into this conflict, and to try to bring it to an end as soon as possible?
These discussions are taking place in the margins of the United Nations, and at the conference that took place in Paris on Monday last week.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to emphasise that we need to ensure that arms do not fuel the conflict, and that is why Britain urges everyone to ensure there is no further arming of either party.
The arms embargo goes all the way over Darfur, and would be over the whole of Sudan, if the Chinese and Russians were willing to sign up with the rest of us to implementing it.