Let me explain what occurred.
The closure of the Inter Faith Network is a matter for the Inter Faith Network, as an independent charity; it is not a matter for Government.
We have always made it very clear to all charities that receive Government funding  that they need to have sustainable sources of other funding.
In my response to the urgent question about a month ago, I made clear the reasons for the closure.
To repeat, the decision to withdraw the funding was taken because of the appointment of a member of the Muslim Council of Britain as a trustee.
Governments of various different hues have decided that they will not deal with the Muslim Council of Britain.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
SHiFT is an inspirational charity run by a visionary social entrepreneur, Sophie Humphreys.
It works in order to ensure that young people at risk of engaging with the criminal justice system are diverted to better outcomes.
On Thursday, two new SHiFT interventions will open in Middlesbrough and in Redcar and Cleveland, with the support of £3.9 million from my Department.
That is proof that when it comes to intervening early to give young people a better life, it is a Conservative Government and a Conservative Mayor in Tees Valley who are delivering for the most vulnerable.
The levelling-up funding awarded to my constituency three years ago for the upgrade of the B714 has still not been delivered.
However, when I have raised concerns that the funding is insufficient for the upgrade, given inflationary pressures, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up told me to raise the matter with the Department for Transport, which in turn referred me back to the Secretary of State.
Can I have an explanation from the Secretary of State as to how approved projects can proceed as envisaged, even if funding is delivered, when inflation is not factored into the funding?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for making that point.
I can offer her, and also the Member of the Scottish Parliament for North Ayrshire and North Ayrshire Council, a meeting with me, so that we can deliver this project, because I know that she is absolutely committed to ensuring that the levelling-up fund—UK Government money—is spent effectively in her constituency.
That is proof that we work better together.
Ynys Môn is looking forward to hosting the fourth Islands Forum on 7 and 8 May.
It is an opportunity to showcase our heritage, culture and language.
It is also an opportunity for Ministers to see at first hand how the £17 million from the UK levelling-up fund is transforming Holyhead.
Will the Secretary of State accept my invitation to visit St Cybi’s church, the Ucheldre centre and the Newry beach shelters to see how the UK Government are creating jobs and a brighter future for Holyhead?
And will he sign up to my Aldi to Amlwch campaign?
Diolch.
I am looking forward more than I can say to visiting Ynys Môn.
This is a fantastic example of a brilliant Conservative MP securing funding  for Wales, for the Welsh language, for Welsh jobs and for Welsh investment.
May I say that Anglesey has never flourished in the way it is now flourishing with her as its MP?