In 2019, the UK Government announced plans to outlaw no-fault eviction notices.
However, just last week, the housing charity Shelter revealed that almost 1 million  renters in England have been served no-fault eviction notices since that announcement.
While the Government seem to be unable to get the rental reform agenda past their Conservative Back Benchers, the Scottish Parliament banned no-fault evictions back in 2017.
Does the Minister agree that that is yet another example of the Scottish Parliament delivering for the people while Westminster dysfunction only lets them down?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) , we are abolishing section 21 evictions.
The Bill will return to the House on Wednesday.
What recent estimate he has made of the additional cost to the public purse of councils delivering public services in coastal areas.
Cornwall is one of the most beautiful areas of the country, second only to Dorset.
[Interruption.]
Thank you.
It has the longest county coastline in England and, as such, its council faces unique challenges in delivering services.
The Government are committed to reforming the local government funding landscape in the next Parliament to deliver simpler, fairer and longer settlements.
As part of that process, the Government have previously publicly announced that they are exploring options for specific formulae for flooding and coastal erosion.
We will engage councils about those options as reform progresses.
The Government have already accepted the additional cost of delivering services in rural areas through the rural services delivery grant, but they have not yet accepted those additional costs for coastal areas.
Would the Minister consider establishing a coastal services delivery grant to ensure that coastal regions such as Cornwall, which as he said has the longest—and most beautiful—coastline in the country, get the funding that they need?
Second most beautiful, I remind my hon.
Friend.
He makes an important point, representing as he does his constituents and the wider county of Cornwall, and an interesting suggestion.
Strong points sit behind his argument.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss that further, but he makes good points and gives me food for thought.
The cost of delivering services in Somerset is rising, with care costs rising by 47% between 2022 and 2023, yet urban councils receive about 38% more Government funding spending power per head than rural councils.
What steps is the Department taking to address that inequality and help rural councils to deliver vital public services?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the rural services delivery grant tries to reflect that as well, but if only the Lib Dem leadership of her council had got on—as Dorset did—and delivered the benefits of going unitary, rather than fiddling while Rome burns, her situation might be a little better.
What assessment he has made of the impact of Metro Mayors on their local economies.
What assessment he has made of the impact of Metro Mayors on their local economies.
What steps he is taking to increase engagement between his Department and elected Mayors.
Our Mayors play a powerful role in driving economic growth, improving public services and giving local areas a powerful voice on the national stage.
I met all the Mayors as a group before Christmas, as well as Mayor Brabin, as chair of UK Mayors this year, and a number of Mayors on an individual basis.
I look forward to meeting and working closely with all the Mayors, collectively and individually, after the May elections, including the three new Mayors who will be elected for the East Midlands, the North-East Combined Authority, and York and North Yorkshire.
Since he was first elected in 2017, Andy Street has delivered £10 billion of new investment to the west midlands region, more housing—particularly on brownfield land—and much-needed investment in transport infrastructure across the region.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, when voters go to the polls next week, they should support Andy Street to continue that track record of delivery for the west midlands?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Andy Street has been outstanding at delivering jobs and more homes in the west midlands than in any other region, according to housing targets.
He has done so despite the failure of Birmingham City Council, which was driven into bankruptcy by Labour.
Can my right hon.
Friend further update colleagues and my constituents on the progress of the Greater Lincolnshire devolution deal, following the deals approved at upper tier council level earlier this year?
We have been consulting and we have listened, and we will have to wait until after  2
May  to say more.
I am looking forward to working with my hon.
Friend to make Lincolnshire great again.
Given that after  2 May  there will be 12 metro Mayors directly representing 27 million people in England, does the Secretary of State think that there should be a dedicated formal structure that will enable the metro Mayors to work more effectively with Whitehall Government, rather than the somewhat ad hoc structures that are currently in place?
That is a fair point.
The ad hoc structures that the hon.
Gentleman described work well.
All the existing Mayors work well together, and all party politics aside, it has been instructive to see the  kind words that Andy Burnham has directed towards Andy Street and vice versa.
Now that the mayoral model, which has worked overall with one or two slight bumps in the road, has reached a level of maturity, his point is very fair.
Voters in the upcoming North Yorkshire mayoral election are facing significant economic hardship and deserve to know that their money is being spent responsibly.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern that one candidate in the North Yorkshire mayoral race has made over £300 million of unfunded spending commitments for the county?
Could central Government perhaps provide an assessment of the economic impact of such spending commitments?
It is striking that the Conservative candidate in North Yorkshire is the only one who has a plan for growth, and a long-term plan for York and North Yorkshire’s economy.
When it comes to value for money for our Mayors, I should point out that the Conservative Mayors for Tees Valley and for the West Midlands, Ben Houchen and Andy Street, levy not a penny in extra mayoral taxation, unlike the Labour Mayor in London, whose spendthrift ways will see him thrown out on  2 May .