Working people are paying the price of the cost of living crisis, but is it not the truth that the Liz Truss mini-Budget did not occur in a vacuum?
There is a pattern of the Tories shifting the tax burden on to hard-pressed households.
Council tax bills have rocketed by almost £500 since the Tories came to power, on top of which Conservative councils charge residents almost £280 more than their Labour counterparts.
As voters go to the polls on  2 May , does the Minister hope that they will somehow forget the council tax bombshell facing them?
Or does he expect that more candidates will follow the lead of the west midlands campaign and ditch the toxic Tory brand completely?
The hon.
Gentleman wins first prize in the brass neck of the afternoon competition; I remind him gently and politely about the situation in Birmingham.
It is well known by residents up and down the land that Conservative-led councils are more efficient, deliver greater improvement at pace and are far more focused on delivering for their residents.
Colleagues and I will take that proud record to the voters during this local election campaign, and I have every confidence we will triumph in it.
What the criteria are for allocation of round 4 of the community ownership fund.
Our decision-making criteria for the community ownership fund can be found in the published explanatory note on gov.uk.
Round 4 window 1 has now closed and will be assessed according to those criteria.
Round 4 window 2 will open in the coming weeks.
I was delighted to hear that so many projects have received a large amount of money to take over community centres, heritage buildings, pubs and sporting facilities.
The list also includes green spaces, so will the Minister confirm that if a community group wanted to buy part of a chalk stream that is for sale for the benefit of that community, that would be within the scope of the community ownership fund?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter.
We have funded similar land purchases, but this will be dependent on the factors locally.
What progress he has made on ending rough sleeping.
What steps his Department is taking to end rough sleeping.
The Government are committed to ending rough sleeping.
We published our cross-government strategy “Ending  rough sleeping for good” in September 2022, and we are investing an unprecedented £2.4 billion to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping over three years.
Rough sleeping levels were 18% lower in 2023 than they were at the peak in 2017 and they were 9% lower than pre-pandemic levels.
This Government and Department have presided over a litany of failures.
The Conservative party has pledged to end rough sleeping by the end of this Parliament.
I have to disagree with the hon.
Lady, because rough sleeping numbers are yet again on the up.
Instead of fulfilling their manifesto commitment, the Government have prioritised criminalising the homeless, rather than ending homelessness.
Even many Conservative Back Benchers cannot support that, so when will this Department’s leadership grow a backbone and tell their colleagues in the Home Office to shelve the pernicious plans that exist within the Criminal Justice Bill?
This Government are absolutely committed to ending rough sleeping, which is why we are investing £2.4 billion.
Importantly, £1.2 billion is going into prevention, so that we prevent homelessness before it happens.
I want to address the point about the Criminal Justice Bill.
The Government are clear that no one should be criminalised for having nowhere to live.
The Bill gives powers to the police and local authorities only where behaviour causes damage, distress, harassment or disruption.
Guidance will be issued that makes it clear that outreach and support should be prioritised.