We have an extremely effective embassy team in Cairo and elsewhere in Egypt, with very close relations across the top of the Egyptian Government and in all parts of it.
If the hon.
Lady wishes to raise any specific cases with me again, I hope that she will do so, and I will certainly take them up for her.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, on  15 April , I said: “All trans children and young people deserve access to high-quality and timely healthcare and support.
Around 100 studies have not been included in the Cass report, and we need to know why.”—[Official
Report,  15 April 2024 ; Vol. 748, c. 65.]
I was quoting from Stonewall’s briefing.
There was some fallout from that, so I have spent the weekend in conversation with Stonewall and Dr Cass.
It seems that by quoting from the briefing, I may have inadvertently misled the House.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I have been thrown out of Parliament for calling the then Prime Minister a liar, so it means a lot to me to be able to come back and correct the record, and practise what I preach.
I spent the weekend speaking to Dr Cass, and I am very grateful for her time.
She has made it clear—not just to me, but to the trans and LGBT+ communities in a number of valuable clarifications on the radio and in other media—that all reports were included and that research of both high and moderate quality was considered as part of the evidence review.
Dr Cass has also said that her report is being misrepresented and hijacked—but not by me, Mr Speaker; let me make that clear.
My question to the Secretary of State for Health was about additional funding for children’s mental health services.
The report is being hijacked by anti-trans groups, and that is why it is important that we can be as factual as possible about the research.
I was also concerned about the advice that Dr Cass was given about her safety, and was shocked that some people implied that I was partly responsible for— Order.
I am really bothered about this—it was meant to be just a quick correction, rather than opening up a debate.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for being honest and correcting the record; she has absolutely done that, and has made it very clear that she was correcting it.
Other Members wish to speak, so I have to move on.
We cannot open up a debate.
The Clerk is getting very worried.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, during questions to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friends the Members for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire) and for Slough (Mr Dhesi) raised the issue of ticket touting.
In response, the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries,  the hon.
Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez)  made two claims that I believe were inaccurate.
First, the Minister claimed that legislation in the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and the Digital Economy Act 2017 dealt with some of the issues relating to bots in the secondary market.
However, there does not seem to have been a single conviction specifically for bot use, and there is a great deal of evidence that bots are still being used.
Secondly, the Minister claimed that measures to cap resale prices in Ireland had increased “fraudulent activity”.
In fact, there is no evidence whatever that such activity has increased.
Fraud was actually reported to be down 27% in Ireland in the last quarter of 2023, and the Irish Government’s post-enactment report on their Sale of Tickets (Cultural, Entertainment, Recreational and Sporting Events) Act 2021 concludes: “This is a positive endorsement of the operation of the Act and means that the objectives of the Act are being met whereby genuine fans can attend events at affordable prices.”
I seek your advice, Mr Speaker, on how we might encourage the Minister to correct the record.