Given the proximity to the local and general elections, can Ministers give an assurance that the joint election security preparedness unit has all the resources it needs to do the job?
This is a tremendously serious issue.
My Department and other Government Departments, led by the Security Minister in the Home Office, are spending a huge amount of time, effort and resource in ensuring the safety of candidates; the safety, security and robustness of the process; and that all those who wish to take part in our democratic functions, in whichever fora they happen to manifest themselves, can do so safely and securely.
That is a very firm commitment.
The hon.
Member will know that we are dealing with that as a serious matter.
In constituencies such as Aldridge-Brownhills, our green belt is precious; and once it has gone, it has gone forever.
But in the west midlands, thanks to the leadership and vision of Mayor Andy Street and his “brownfield first” approach, we have seen 16,000 new homes built, and thousands of new jobs on brownfield land.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that clearly demonstrates that we can build the new homes we need and protect the green belt, and that it is Andy Street who is setting the pace and leading the way in the west midlands?
That is spot on.
It is Andy Street and Conservative councils in Walsall, Dudley and Solihull that are delivering houses and protecting the green belt.
That is better for economic growth, better for the environment, and better than bankrupt Labour Birmingham.
Over 1,000 families in Luton South are stuck in temporary accommodation, with wait times ranging from three  to nine months for a one-bed property to eight to nine years for a three-bed.
Across the country there has been a staggering 119% increase in temporary accommodation numbers since 2019.
Does the Minister agree that that is just a direct cost of 14 years of Conservative failure on housing?
The Government are very focused on temporary accommodation.
That is why we are investing £2.4 billion, of which £1.2 billion is specifically for the homelessness prevention grant.
In the last Budget, we increased the local housing allowance rate to the 30th percentile.
That is worth £1.2 billion.
We have also increased the local authority housing fund.
Please can my right hon.
Friend set out what the Government are doing to ensure that more young people can live in their own home as early as possible in their adult lives, and specifically whether greater consideration can be given  to mechanisms that result in only one affordable payment being made a month, rather than one mortgage payment and one rental payment?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We need to look to reform both the mortgage market and our planning system.
We will bring forward further steps on both in the coming weeks.
In communities such as Kendal, Appleby, Allithwaite and Milnthorpe, developers have used viability assessments to renege on building desperately needed and genuinely affordable homes, so will the Government give planning authorities the power to declare null and void any planning permission where the developer cannot or will not deliver the affordable homes that they had promised?
I know how important it is to deliver affordable homes in the Lake district, in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
We will take a close look at the examples he cites, to ensure that we are not killing the geese that lay the golden eggs.
Tourism is vital to Bournemouth’s economy, and half our visitors come by car.
A few choose to park on double yellow lines for the day, as the parking penalty is only £35, unlike here in London where it is £65, increasing to £130 if not paid promptly.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it would be immensely helpful, and would ensure that emergency vehicle access is not blocked, were Bournemouth allowed to operate the same penalties as we have in London?
My right hon.
Friend is right: antisocial parking is a blight outside London, and we need to review extending the powers that are currently exercised in London to other parts of the country.
Time and again, leasehold owners come to me with unfair bills for service charges.
They are inflated, and they are even for undelivered services.
When I get involved, they are often dropped by a third instantly.
What will the Government do to ensure that developers are not trying to rip off homeowners, and instead get bills right the first time?
Fair point.
Frank Dobson said that he was going to reform the leasehold system in 1995.
We are doing it now.
The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which the Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Lee Rowley) , is piloting, will bring relief to leaseholders.
A raft of Labour councillors in Kirklees have resigned from their party, with one of them describing their leadership as a “toxic swamp,” so it will come as no surprise to my right hon.
Friend that the local Conservative campaign to split Kirklees and get better leadership and accountability is really gathering momentum.
Does he agree that leadership needs to be locally driven, and that the best way to achieve that is to vote for more Conservative councillors on  2 May — Order.
This is not fair.
Just tell me which questions you don’t want, and it will make my job easier.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we need change in Kirklees.
The best way in which people can demonstrate their desire for change and the reconfiguration of Kirklees is by voting Conservative on  2 May .
Today is Earth Day.
The Government introduced the zero carbon homes standard and the code for sustainable homes and then scrapped them.
The future homes standard now has centralised support, but local authorities such as Leeds want to go above planning policy to reach higher standards.
Why will the Secretary of State not allow Leeds to build even better zero carbon homes?
We have a good relationship with Leeds City Council, and indeed with its leader and chief executive, so let me investigate.
Ben Houchen has done a remarkable job of saving our airport, overseeing the redevelopment of Teesworks, and securing new jobs.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, given Ben’s record of delivering and the promise of more, voters should back him on  2 May ?
That is an easy one.
It is an easy one!
You are right, Mr Speaker: everyone should back Ben Houchen— Let me help: it is an easy one for you to answer.
Now let us move on.