Despite that love-in, as the Mayor of the West Midlands, Andy Street has over-promised and under-delivered.
Almost 70% of devolved housing funds have not been used, and he has done nothing to tackle rogue landlords.
The mayoral model can work, and Sadiq Khan’s affordable housebuilding in London is evidence of that.
When did the Secretary of State last meet Andy Street, and did he raise those failures with him?
I talk to Andy Street constantly because he is a model of what a strong Mayor should be.
The right hon.
Lady talks about housing.
There are housing targets set at a regional level—which Mayor missed them by most?
Sadiq Khan in London.
Which Mayor has exceeded those targets?
Andy Street in the west midlands.
Sadiq Khan has failed on housing, failed on crime and failed on transport, and he will be kicked out on  2 May .
Roll on a general election.
Sadiq Khan has been building a better London for everyone.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants more evidence of Mayors working, he should look up north: Tracy Brabin, Steve Rotheram and Andy Burnham have been bringing transport services back under public control, giving better value for money.
In the Tees Valley, we see the opposite.
The review into Lord Houchen’s mishandling of Teesworks found “the principles of spending public money are not being consistently observed.”
So why will the Secretary of State not give the National Audit Office the chance to investigate?
I am sure the right hon.
Lady is very, very keen that all sorts of matters are investigated properly by independent figures who can be trusted, but in the Tees Valley Ben Houchen has done more than  any other Metro Mayor to bring jobs and investment into his region.
The thousands of jobs created in Teesworks stand in stark contrast to Labour’s failure, from London to Liverpool, to bring in the jobs required.
Andy Street, I should reinforce, is the single most successful Mayor in the country.
That is why both Andy and Ben will be re-elected on  2 May , alongside Conservative Mayors in York and North Yorkshire, the East Midlands and, of course, London.
What steps he is taking to help prevent (a) leaseholders and (b) tenants paying for the remediation of fire defects.
No qualifying leaseholder in a building above 11 metres in England will be liable for cladding remediation costs.
Where we are able to do so and where they still exist, we are making those who cause these issues pay to resolve them.
In my constituency, residents are asking for transparency in their service charges.
They are fearful that they are being charged for surveys for fire remediation work, which is the responsibility of the developer and not the people who live in the flats and who are not the cause of those problems.
What will the Government do for people in Master Gunner Place or Grove Place in my constituency, where people are asking questions but not getting answers on why they are paying these excessive charges?
In one case, there was a 107% increase in the service charge.
The Government are making all the right noises, but I do not see much result at the sharp end for my constituents.
I totally agree with the hon.
Gentleman that it is absolutely vital there is transparency in how, when and why leaseholders are being charged.
That is why we have done one thing and been doing another thing in the past few weeks alone.
Last week, on the new building safety approach for high-rise buildings, we were very clear in a joint letter about highlighting the importance of temperate remuneration and cost.
Secondly, we need to continue to bring forward the reforms in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which will see a transformation in transparency on service charges.
The Government brought that Bill forward and it will come through as soon as the other place has concluded its observations.