As well as trying to criminalise rough sleepers, put them in jail and give them a hefty fine, it is crystal clear that the Government will not meet their target to end rough sleeping by the end of 2024.
Rough sleeping is all too plain to see—as we walk into this place or go to any city or town, we see the tragic consequences of Government policies.
Is it not now time for Ministers to do the right thing: end section 21 no-fault evictions for good—no ifs, no buts; no excuses and narratives about the courts—and build the homes for social rent at the scale the country needs?
If they do not do that, we will.
We are abolishing section 21 and building affordable homes.
Where are affordable homes not being built?
In London.
What steps he is taking to help improve the efficiency of the planning system.
We are taking significant steps to speed up the planning system.
In large infrastructure projects, that is through the nationally significant infrastructure projects action plan and the “Getting Great Britain building again” policy paper.
In relation to the TCPA, we are offering greater clarity through the republication of the national planning policy framework, greater consistency through instructing local councils to ensure that they discharge their responsibilities, and greater capacity through additional support for local councils.
Can I convey the extreme irritation of two parishes in my constituency that have had five locations for a mobile phone mast turned down?
Given that mobile connectivity is now an essential requirement, is it not time that local authorities advised on which technically feasible locations they would be prepared to grant planning permission?
Local people could then say where they were happiest for such projects to go, and we would end this stupid cat-and-mouse game that wastes time and means people do not get the connectivity they need.
My hon.
Friend is right that connectivity is vital in all our communities.
It is incumbent upon local councils, including his council in Bedfordshire, to ensure that they are providing the greatest clarity possible for that connectivity and that it is put in place.
What steps his Department is taking to help promote interfaith dialogue.
This Government are extremely supportive of efforts to bring together people of different faiths and beliefs.
The faith Minister meets regularly with faith leaders to encourage these efforts, and the Department has funded a range of partners, including Near Neighbours and Strengthening Faith Institutions, to organise local level interfaith dialogue.