The Minister mentioned pubs that have been rescued and secured for the community, but where historic local pubs, which were at one time hubs of the community, have been wrecked by absentee owners and therefore require capital investment, does he envisage the funding being used in that regard as well?
The fund is open to community groups, charities, and town and parish councils.
I cannot promise the hon.
Gentleman that the pub to which he refers would be eligible, but I am more than happy to meet him following this session to get further details.
Mr Speaker, I know you know that there could not possibly be a better project to receive funding from the Government than the Rhondda tunnel, which would connect Blaencwm and Blaengwynfi—I am very happy to dangle all the Ministers down the hole and into the tunnel, if they ever want to come and see it.
I know the Secretary of State knows all about it, because I had two meetings with him about it several years ago.
I have met lots of Ministers who have privately been very supportive and told me to apply for this, that or the other fund, but not a single penny has yet transpired.
An official has recently told Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council that it should make a specific exemption for an application for money.
Is that still a possibility, to ensure that the Rhondda tunnel comes to pass?
I do not think that the community ownership fund is the appropriate fund.
As I have just said to  the hon.
Member for Leyton and Wanstead (John Cryer) , the community ownership fund is open to charities, to community groups and to town and parish councils, but with regard to the hon.
Gentleman’s tunnel project, I would be more than happy to meet him and identify what funding opportunities are available.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the towns fund on local communities.
As part of their town investment plan, places were required to consult extensively with local communities and to evidence how this feedback shaped their plan.
The impact of the towns fund on local communities is also a crucial part of the towns fund impact evaluation, to be published in early 2026.
One success of the towns fund is the breadth of projects, which in King’s Lynn include Shakespeare’s St George’s guildhall, a new community library and adult skills centre and a school of nursing studies.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that the very welcome extra £20 million through the long-term plan for towns that Lynn has just been awarded can be used to complement those schemes as well as to secure other investment into the area?