Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Sarah Olney presented a Bill to require the Secretary of State to apply for an order for special administration in relation to Thames Water; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time  Friday 21 June  and to be printed (Bill 204).
Consideration of Lords message [Relevant documents: Second Report of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, HC 435, and the Government response, HC 647.]
I can confirm that nothing in the Lords message engages Commons financial privilege.
I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendment 3G. With this it will be convenient to discuss Lords amendment 10F, and Government motion to disagree.
It appears that I was indeed optimistic last week when I foresaw the end of ping-pong and looked forward to the time when we were not debating this particular piece of legislation.
It is disappointing that we are back here again.
Of course the other place should undertake its role as a revising Chamber, and of course it is entitled to ask the Government to think again, but we did think again, with the House now voting for the third time as part of ping-pong and strongly endorsing this Bill.
We need to bring the process to a conclusion.
The Labour party has voted against our measures to tackle illegal migration 134 times.
One hundred and thirty-four times it has told the British people that it opposes our tougher immigration legislation.
Enough is enough.
The Opposition have delayed this Bill for too long, and we must get on with it.
I am sure that, like me, the Minister will have read the Law Society of England and Wales’s briefing on these amendments.
Has he seen the polling it has reported, which shows that the majority of voters think the Government should either accept some amendments to the Rwanda policy or scrap it altogether?
Only a quarter of the public think the Government should try to get the Bill through in its current form, and all the Lords amendments are supported by the majority of the public.
Has he seen that polling, and will he stop trying to turn this matter into a political football and address the gravamen of the amendments?
I certainly will.
I am very grateful indeed to the hon.
and learned Lady, because she gets to the point of the amendments.
She is absolutely right to say that we should address them in detail, and I will do just that.