Once again, I have to admire the sheer chutzpah of Scottish National party Members talking about the misappropriation of cash.
However, as I mentioned earlier, the Scottish Government’s budget has led to the closure of 25 tourist information centres and a variety of other ventures that are trying to get investment into Scotland, whereas the UK Government are providing investment in Scotland—proving once again that we are better together.
My constituents are increasingly concerned about the number of planning applications being approved—particularly in rural areas—when the infrastructure and public services quite evidently cannot cope with the demand.
What plans do Ministers have to ensure that local residents have more say in future?
The new national planning policy framework, as enacted by this Front-Bench team, will ensure that local voices determine the shape of local communities.
My constituents who live on the Abbottsmoor estate in Port Talbot are locked into paying unjustified and extortionate ground rent fees and charges for poor maintenance.
Will the Secretary of State commit to strengthening the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill by ensuring that all leaseholders have the right to vary their lease, setting ground rents to a peppercorn, ensuring that premiums are as cheap as possible, regulating managing agents, and abolishing forfeiture?
I always listen with respect to arguments made by a Kinnock, and in this case, I think the hon.
Gentleman is broadly—broadly—in the right territory.
What steps are being taken to ensure that planning authorities and, more importantly, the Planning Inspectorate are utilising the powers in the new NPPF to protect land use in food production?
The NPPF could not be clearer about that.
The new chief executive of the Planning Inspectorate is very aware of how important it is to ensure that there is public confidence in the NPPF.
My constituency has some of the highest levels of health inequalities in the country, which have been further increased by the cost of living crisis and the continual cuts to our council budgets.
If the Government are serious about levelling up, why was Bradford East’s bid to reduce health inequalities knocked back?
The Labour leadership in Bradford Council must look to its performance.
I think there is a distinction to be drawn between the Labour leaderships in Leeds and in Bradford—Bradford could learn a lot from what Leeds has done.
This is not a party political point; it is a point about failure specifically in Bradford.
My constituents have significant concerns about crime and antisocial behaviour in the town centre.
Public space protection orders can play an important role, but the local Labour council refuses to use the powers it has.
We have groups of men drinking alcohol in the middle of the town centre, and the council does nothing.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, yet again, Ipswich Labour should step up?
It is sad, but not surprising, that Labour in Ipswich has failed again.
That is why it is so important that people vote Conservative at the police and crime commissioner elections on  2 May .
There are few more effective scourges of crime than the Conservative police and crime commissioner, Tim Passmore, and my hon.
Friend, who does such a brilliant job in Ipswich.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Deputy Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the Government’s response to the crisis in Sudan.