Soaring service charges are placing an intolerable financial strain on leaseholders and those with shared ownership across the country.
Among the main drivers of the eye-watering demands with which many have been served over recent months are staggering rises in buildings insurance premiums and the passing on of significant costs relating to the functioning of the new building safety regime.
Given that many leaseholders are being pushed to the very limits of what they can afford, do the Government now accept that the service charge transparency provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill—and pleading with freeholders to take a temperate approach—are not enough, and that Ministers should explore with urgency what further measures could be included to protect leaseholders better from unreasonable charges and give them more control over their buildings?
The hon.
Gentleman is aware that our substantial reform package sets out clearly and transparently the changes that are being introduced and what people are expected to pay.
It could not be clearer than it is in the legislation, which is one of my reasons for wanting it to proceed as quickly as possible.
When there are issues, we are keen to look at them and, where we can, take action, but the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill is designed to improve transparency and reduce problems, and I am sure that it will do that once it has completed its passage here and in the other place.
Whether he has made an estimate of the number of planning authorities that do not have an up-to-date local plan.
At the end of March 2024, 110 local planning authorities—a third of the total—had adopted a local plan in the past five years, while 291 had plans that were more than five years old.
Of those, more than half are making progress towards updating their plans.
The Government have made it clear that authorities should continue to update their plans because that is the best way to deliver development that is in the interests of local communities.
My Liberal Democrat-run local council is one of those without an up-to-date local plan.
In fact, it has now delayed its plan until 2026, which means that places such as Burbage have housing without full protection.
That puts pressure on our GP services, our school places and even our roads.
What more can the Government do to persuade Liberal Democrat-run Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council to ensure that its plan is established and updated so that my residents have the required protections?
My hon.
Friend has raised this matter in the Chamber before, and it is a great example of why it is so important that Bosworth has this Conservative Member of Parliament to highlight the challenges and failures of the Liberal Democrat council.
Ultimately, the Government will not hesitate to take action against councils that are not fulfilling their obligations.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has done so over the past few months, and we will continue to do so, because we expect councils to do their job and put their plans in place.
When Liberal Democrat councils fail to do that, we will call them out.
York has one of the worst housing crises in the country, yet we have not had a local plan to restrain developers for 68 years.
Why has it taken this Tory Government more than 14 years to deliver a local plan for York?
I am relatively clear that the Labour party has been in charge of York for a substantial proportion of the last 14 years.
If the hon.
Lady wants an answer to her question about why there is no local plan, she should look to her own party.
To help local authorities finalise their local plans, my hon.
Friend and his ministerial colleagues have made significant  changes to the planning rules.
As a result, Wiltshire has cut its house building by 9,000, North Somerset has reduced its house building plans by 29%, and Three Rivers and others are doing likewise, to ensure that local plans better reflect their communities.
Does my hon.
Friend expect all local authorities to consider whether the new rules apply in their communities?
It is vital for local councils to follow what is in the national planning policy framework.
We know that where local plans are in place councils build more houses, but, most important, they build more houses in the right places, so that communities can be confident that they are being built where they are needed.
The problem with the Government’s developer-led approach to planning is that it means that we see houses built for demand, but not for local need.
In a community such as the Lake District, developers will sell anything they can build, but will it meet the need of local communities?
Often it will not.
Will the Minister ensure that local authorities and national parks putting together local plans are allowed to designate land specifically and exclusively for genuinely affordable housing so that they can say no to the houses we do not need and yes to the ones we do?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the planning system has a substantial amount of flexibility—it is one of the frustrations—to ensure that local councils do the right thing.
Where they do the right thing, they should be celebrated; where they do not, we should criticise them and hope that they are thrown out.
If the hon.
Gentleman is arguing against developer-led planning—capitalism, as it is otherwise known—that is a very interesting place for liberalism in this country to go.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the community ownership fund on local communities.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the community ownership fund on local communities.
Community ownership can boost local connections and pride of place, and bolster resilience.
So far, we have awarded about £103 million to 333 projects across the UK.
We are working with an external evaluation partner on an evaluation of the fund.
We are already seeing some great examples of COF projects making a real difference to their communities, such as Grow the Glens in Northern Ireland and East Boldre community stores in the south-east of England.
There have already been three worthy beneficiaries of the community ownership fund in my constituency: the village shop in Llandyrnog; the Salusbury Arms in Tremeirchion, which the Minister has visited; and Rhyl football club, which hopes to secure the future  of its ground, Belle Vue.
His Department has been very helpful throughout, but what further advice and guidance can be provided for applicants in future rounds?
I enjoyed visiting the Salusbury Arms with my hon.
Friend and raising a glass to the community there.
Ahead of round 4, we launched a brand-new expression of interest process, which provides interested applicants with an outcome within minutes.
To support applicants at the fourth stage, we have also updated the prospectus and other guidance on gov.uk.
We want to help as many communities as possible to benefit from the fund, spreading the benefits of levelling up nationwide.
Does the Minister agree that the recent grant of £452,700 to the Owain Glyndŵr hotel in Corwen, in Clwyd South, is a wonderful example of the hugely beneficial impact of the community ownership fund on local communities?
The grant will enable this much-loved hotel to play a central role in the town again, and to benefit from the reopening of Corwen station and the other projects in Corwen arising from my Clwyd South levelling-up fund.