Britain is pursuing all diplomatic avenues to press  the warring parties into a permanent ceasefire, allow unrestricted humanitarian access, protect civilians, and commit to a sustained and meaningful peace process.
I visited eastern Chad last month, where I met with refugees who had lost everything and were fleeing conflict and hunger.
I was greatly moved by what I saw, and reaffirmed Britain’s steadfast commitment to the people of Sudan.
Some 88% of those crossing the border were women and children.
On Monday, to mark one year of brutal conflict in Sudan, Britain announced its third raft of sanctions, targeting two entities linked to the Rapid Support Forces and one entity linked to the Sudanese armed forces.
On the same day, my noble Friend Lord Benyon represented the UK at the Paris humanitarian pledging conference for Sudan and its neighbours.
On behalf of the UK, he pledged £89 million, a near-doubling of UK overseas development aid for Sudan from the previous year.
He delivered a strong message with international partners, which—along with Britain’s sanctions—sends a clear signal to the warring parties that they must stop fighting and meaningfully engage in the peace process.
We continue to lead at the United Nations Security Council, where we hold the pen on Sudan.
On  8 March , the UN Security Council adopted a UK-drafted Ramadan ceasefire resolution calling for immediate cessation of hostilities.
On  20 March , we warned that obstruction of humanitarian access by the SAF and RSF is resulting in the starvation of the Sudanese people.
Over the past year, Britain has provided £42.6 million in humanitarian aid to support people in Sudan, including £12.2 million to UNICEF for nutrition activities and approximately £23 million to the Sudan Humanitarian Fund for multi-sector response, including a high proportion of food security interventions.
Britain has also helped those fleeing to neighbouring countries: last year, we provided £7.75 million to support new and existing Sudanese refugees in South Sudan, and £15 million to Chad.
We continue to advocate for a return to a civilian-led Government, and we urge all Sudanese stakeholders to engage in an inclusive dialogue that will deliver the peace and stability that the Sudanese people deserve.
I am grateful for that answer.
The sheer horror unleashed by the generals’ war  in Sudan is appalling to recount.
We are approaching  9 million people forcibly displaced, with evidence of systematic sexual violence and heinous mass atrocities in Darfur and elsewhere.
Some 3.5 million Sudanese children under the age of five are acutely malnourished, and massive famine is now seen as almost inevitable.
Some models project up to a million deaths.
As the UN Secretary-General said, this is “a war…on the Sudanese people”, and it must end with an immediate ceasefire.
I strongly welcome the sanctions from last week and the additional humanitarian funding, but is there going to be a dedicated high-level Sudan envoy, and what conversations are Ministers having with those who continue to fund and enable this war, because greater co-ordination has to be the priority?
All states must recognise the truly disastrous consequences if Sudan collapses not just for the Sudanese people, but for the entire region.
But there is hope, because through all the horror and the destruction, despite the blocks on humanitarian access, the Sudanese people are still standing together in their own communities.
The resistance committees and the emergency rooms are sometimes the sole source of relief, as famine spreads and medical access runs out for the sick and injured, and they are the undaunted spirit and hope of a Sudan free from the generals and their catastrophic war.
How can we correct the mistakes of the past and back Sudanese civilians directly?