The Minister may be aware that months before the war broke out, sexual violence and gender-based violence was being used against women.
In June 2023, it was estimated that there were more than 60,000 survivors of conflict-related sexual violence in Sudan, and we continue to see reports of sexual violence.
What steps are the Government taking to address that really important issue, and to prevent further cases of violence, and of rape being used as a war weapon?
I am afraid that the hon.
Lady is entirely right.
We have read these reports and many others with horror.
That is one of the reasons why we are supporting the Centre for Information Resilience, so that we can do everything we can to deter there being any question of impunity, but it is extraordinarily difficult.
As she rightly said, what is happening in Darfur bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
The attention paid to the conflict in Sudan does not reflect the enormity of the suffering there, with millions displaced and facing famine, violence and insecurity.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Africa, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham (Ms Brown)  for securing the urgent question.
The Minister spoke about the limited arms embargo, such as it is.
Is he aware that it is being broken on a grand scale, and that there is a pervasive flow of arms into Sudan?
What is he doing to monitor that, and to try to reduce that flow of arms, which is fuelling the conflict?
On the hon.
Lady’s second point, I have set out the clear message from the British Government about the supply of arms,.
On her first point, she is right that conflicts elsewhere in the world—particularly in Ukraine and Gaza—have to some extent taken attention away from Sudan, and indeed Ethiopia, on which, in Geneva last Tuesday, Britain was leading the effort to raise money to head off a famine.
Part of the benefit of the urgent question is that we can make clear the threat, what is happening in Sudan, and what Britain is doing to try to assist.
Sudanese students at Heriot-Watt University in my constituency were desperately worried about their family members in Sudan when I met them last year at the request of the university chaplain.
Many of their family members needed help fleeing to neighbouring countries, and others have sought family reunification with British citizens  already living here.
What are the Government doing to help British citizens to save the lives of their relatives in Sudan?
The hon.
and learned Lady will know the steps that Britain took a year ago to help those who were seeking to leave, but since then the vast amount of migration has been across the border into Chad and South Sudan, and indeed into Ethiopia.
Britain has contributed £15 million to help those whom I saw near Adré, on the border between Sudan and Chad, at the end of last month.
In respect of South Sudan, where there is a significant and increased programme of humanitarian support, we have directly contributed nearly £8 million.
I recently met the community president and secretary general of the Sudanese Community Association of Greater Manchester.
We discussed the horrific civil war in Sudan and the desperate need to bring about a peaceful and sustainable end to the conflict.
The war may be taking place in Sudan, but it has huge implications for Sudanese communities in Britain, like the one in Manchester.
What support is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office providing Sudanese communities in Britain, who are trying to support their loved ones who are fleeing from violence to reach a place of safety?
There is very little we can do until those people reach a place of safety.
As I said, many have fled across the border into Chad and South Sudan.
We are actively helping those people in the way that I described.
Sudan is experiencing the worst displacement crisis in the world.
It is not so much a civil war but a war on civilians, who are losing their homes, livelihoods and lives on a scale that is hard to comprehend.
The Sudanese people feel forgotten, so it is vital that both aid and political focus are forthcoming.
Will the Minister work with his Home Office colleagues to support Sudanese people in the asylum system, who are beside themselves with worry about family members?
Will he better facilitate reunion for those UK citizens who have family among the most affected and who are able to leave?
We will do everything we can to assist.
The hon.
Lady will understand the constraints we work within, but I will note what she said.
If she has any specific cases that she wishes to raise, I hope she will do so.
Given the level of death, despair and starvation, we need an immediate ceasefire in Sudan.
Cross-border and cross-line humanitarian aid access is being blocked and impaired by both sides, even though they are, in effect, starving their own people to death.
What steps are the Government taking to get the Adré crossing open, and to expose the impact of RSF extortion on humanitarian aid convoys?
I was in Adré when I visited the border between Chad and Sudan.
I saw the weight of human misery crossing that border—88% of those crossing were women and children, which shows that the men had either been murdered or gone into hiding.
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right about the importance of Adré.
He is right about the two generals effectively waging war on their own people—starving their own people, as he said.
That is why everyone is urging the two generals to desist, get their troops back to barracks and give a chance for a political track to reconvene and re-emerge.
What assurance can the Minister give the Sudanese community in Newport—who, as others have said, feel that the conflict and its catastrophic consequences have gone largely unseen—that the Government are doing all they can to get aid in through the Adré crossing, and are trying as hard as they can to build consensus among neighbouring and regional states that the war must end?
I hope that today’s urgent question will be of some comfort in respect of what the Government are seeking to do and the role we play at the United Nations—where we are the penholder—and in the Troika, with Norway and the United States, to try to bring this awful crisis to a conclusion.
The information that we have received via al-Jazeera and others about the situation in Sudan is truly horrendous: 8.2 million people have left their homes, 17.7 million are experiencing food shortages, and cholera, measles and other diseases are rife.
Unless there is a rapid ceasefire, the planting season simply will not begin, and there will be even greater and deeper hunger, not just in Sudan but in neighbouring countries.
Does the Minister have any realistic hope that the combination of the UN and the African Union—and anyone else who can intervene—will bring about a ceasefire to allow, at least, people to return to their homes and to be able to feed themselves?
The former Leader of the Opposition makes the case very clearly.
The figures he sets out show the scale of the disaster that has engulfed Sudan.
When I was on the border between Chad and Sudan near Adré, I saw for myself the work that was being done by organisations such as the World Food Programme, which Britain strongly supports, but also the International Rescue Committee and Médecins Sans Frontières.
The work is going on wherever it can, but it is extremely difficult because of the circumstances he set out.
What assessment has been made of the potential levels of food insecurity and the level of response needed if the conflict goes on through the summer and disrupts the next planting season?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right.
The World Food Programme told me, when I was in Chad, that it effectively had supplies of food only until the end of May.
That is one of the reasons why Britain has increased so substantially its bilateral aid, and why my noble Friend Lord Benyon went to the Paris meeting on Monday last week to make sure that others, too, put their money where their mouth is and supported the desperate situation she described.
This morning I had the pleasure to meet some brilliant organisations working  on behalf of people in Sudan who are desperate to be reunited with family here in the UK.
They want answers to two questions.
First, given the circumstances people are having to live in, why is it taking over a year for many applications to be decided?
Secondly, why do the Government demand that these people make dangerous and illegal cross-border journeys before they will even consider their applications, because they have to enrol biometric information?
That seems completely counterintuitive.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give the Home Office a polite kick up the backside and urge a change in approach?
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to give me details of any specific cases, I will of course make sure they are looked into.
What steps are the Government able to take to stem the flow of resources—not only weapons, but fuel—to the RSF across the border from Libya?
Are the Government monitoring the potential for onwards flow to Sudan as a result of continuing Russian supply of arms within Libya?
We urge all parties not to supply weapons to the belligerents in Sudan.
It will merely extend and continue the appalling situation that exists there.
That is why Britain is so clear that we should seek to starve this conflict of any additional weaponry.
The Opposition welcome the Government’s atrocity monitoring and prevention work in Sudan, even though it is belated.
It is important to join up that work with our diplomatic efforts in support of talks in Jeddah next month that are inclusive and effective.
Is there a strategy to use targeted pressure to help isolate those responsible for atrocities and bring them to justice, and to bring both warring parties to the table?
In respect of targeted pressure, the hon.
Lady will have seen the recent announcements about sanctions against both the RSF and the SAF, and the earlier steps that were taken.
She is right to focus on Jeddah 3, which looks to be the best bet at the moment for progress.
Britain is giving very strong support to that process.
On Monday, the Government announced three sanctions against businesses supplying the SAF and the RSF.
What assessment has   the Deputy Foreign Secretary made of how effective they will be in the greater scheme of all the arms that are being supplied to those two warring factions?
The hon.
Lady is right to focus on the sanctions.
Although we do not talk about future plans on sanctions across the Floor of the House, the way these things work is that when we see that sanctions are not working as well as we had hoped, we will always seek to reinforce them.
That is the nature of imposing sanctions, as we have seen in other areas.
We will do everything we can, through the sanctions regime, to advance the objective that she and I share.