Title: CELEBRATING WILLIE ANN HUFF; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
117

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING WILLIE ANN HUFF

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Willie

Ann Huff, who on July 15, 2023, will celebrate her 90th birthday.
Mrs.

Huff is the daughter of the late Sarah and Willie Vinson, and the

eldest of 11 children.
Willie Ann Huff has 5 children of her own, Gloria, the late James

Vinson, Edward, Timothy, and Debra.
She is also the grandmother of 12,

the great-grandmother of 30, and has 4 great-great grandchildren.
Mrs. Huff is known for many things and one of them is her pineapple-

coconut cakes, her gift giving spirit that she shows to all, and

hosting the best Christmas parties and cookouts for her entire family.
She is also known for her sharp sense of style, with the hats, furs,

and suits to match her signature Obama purses and Cadillac.
Above all else, Willie Ann Huff is a brave fighter, surviving

multiple bouts with cancer.
I hereby take official note of the joyous

occasion of Mrs. Willie Ann Huff's 90th Birthday and invite all

citizens to join me in wishing her the happiest of birthdays.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CORPORAL RALPH M. SIMONI

HON.
KEVIN HERN

Mr. HERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special veteran from

Oklahoma's First Congressional District, U.S. Army Air Forces Corporal,

Ralph M. Simoni.
Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, on July 6, 1923, Cpl.
Simoni is

celebrating his 100th birthday today.
In 1943, Cpl.
Simoni began

serving our Nation during World War II at one of the most consequential

moments in human history.
He bravely served in the Asiatic-Pacific

Theater of the war from 1943 to 1946 and received a Victory Medal for

doing his part to secure Victory Over Japan Day, better known as ``V-J

Day'', that marked the end of the war on September 2, 1945.
Cpl.
Simoni served as an airplane propeller mechanic in the

pioneering 4th Glider Section of the U.S. Army Air Forces.
Cpl.
Simoni's work helped U.S. glider aircraft drop paratroopers and light

artillery into enemy territory.
Glider missions were dangerous and

designed for a single purpose that resulted in very few of the aircraft

ever being recovered.
Cpl.
Simoni and the 4th Glider Section conducted

several successful missions in New Guinea, Luzon, and the South

Philippines liberation campaigns of World War II.
Cpl.
Simoni now lives in my hometown of Tulsa and is deservedly being

recognized today as the precious American hero that he is by his

friends and family.
Following the recent celebration of Independence

Day, it is my honor to thank Cpl.
Simoni on behalf of a grateful Nation

for his remarkable military service and wish him a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JIM HOUCK

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jim Houck,

a beloved journalist and Central Valley resident.
Jim Houck was a remarkable journalist whose spirit and dedication to

the truth have left a deep mark on the field of journalism.
Jim was not

only a journalist; he was a storyteller, a mentor, and a friend to

many.
His career spanned an impressive 60 years, during which he

fearlessly pursued the truth, never shying away from holding the

powerful accountable.
Jim's journey in journalism began while he was still in high school

in Bakersfield.
From those early days.
he developed a passion that

never wavered throughout his career.
He worked for esteemed

publications such as the San Francisco Examiner, the Dallas Morning

News, and the Baltimore Sun, where he honed his skills as a reporter

and editor.