Res.
2, commending the bravery, courage, and resolve of

the women and men of Iran demonstrating in more than

133 cities and risking their safety to speak out

against the Iranian regime's human rights abuses, S.

Res.
20, condemning the coup that took place on

February 1, 2021, in Burma and the Burmese military's

detention of civilian leaders, calling for an immediate

and unconditional release of all those detained,

promoting accountability and justice for those killed

by the Burmese military, and calling for those elected

to serve in parliament to resume their duties without

impediment, S. Res.
75, reaffirming the state of

Arunachal Pradesh as Indian territory and condemning

the People's Republic of China's provocations in South

Asia, and the nominations of Richard Mills, Jr., of

Georgia, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of

Nigeria, Department of State, Nisha Desai Biswal, of

Virginia, to be Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the

United States International Development Finance

Corporation, and Gerald H. Acker, of Michigan, to be a

Commissioner on the part of the United States on the

International Joint Commission, United States and

Canada.
S-116

11 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled,

``Legislative Branch Appropriations Act'', an original

bill entitled, ``Commerce, Justice, Science, and

Related Agencies Appropriations Act'', and an original

bill entitled, ``Financial Services and General

Government Appropriations Act''.
JULY 19

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine S. 461, to make certain

irrigation districts eligible for Pick-Sloan Missouri

Basin Program pumping power, S. 482, to amend the

Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 to

provide the Secretary of the Interior with certain

authorities with respect to projects affecting the

Klamath Basin watershed, S. 739, to clarify

jurisdiction with respect to certain Bureau of

Reclamation pumped storage development, S. 1118, to

establish the Open Access Evapotranspiration (OpenET)

Data Program, S. 1215, to require assessments of

opportunities to install and maintain floating

photovoltaic solar panels at Bureau of Reclamation and

Corps of Engineers projects, S. 1521, to amend the

Federal Power Act to modernize and improve the

licensing of non-Federal hydropower projects, S. 1662,

to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey to

the Midvale Irrigation District the Pilot Butte Power

Plant in the State of Wyoming, S. 1955, to amend the

Central Utah Project Completion Act to authorize

expenditures for the conduct of certain water

conservation measures in the Great Salt Lake basin, S.

2102, to provide for drought preparedness and improved

water supply reliability, S. 2160, to amend the Omnibus

Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize certain

extraordinary operation and maintenance work for urban

canals of concern, S. 2161, to provide financial

assistance for projects to address certain subsidence

impacts in the State of California, S. 2162, to support

water infrastructure in Reclamation States, S. 2166, to

amend the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief

Act of 1991 and the Omnibus Public Land Management Act

of 2009 to provide grants to States and Indian Tribes

for programs to voluntarily repurpose agricultural land

to reduce consumptive water use, S. 2169, to authorize

the Secretary of the Interior to carry out watershed

pilots, S. 2202, to amend the Omnibus Public Land

Management Act of 2009 to authorize the modification of

transferred works to increase public benefits and other

project benefits as part of extraordinary operation and

maintenance

work, and an original bill to authorize the Secretary

fish recovery programs from the Upper Colorado and San

Juan River Basins.