3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine Artificial Intelligence and

intellectual property, focusing on copyright.
Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine pending legislation.
JULY 13

Time to be announced

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Tanya J.

Bradsher, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of

Veterans Affairs.
TBA

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Oceans, Fisheries, Climate Change, and

Manufacturing

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the budget of the

United States Coast Guard.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the Compact of Free

Association Amendments Act of 2023, a joint resolution

proposed by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of

the Interior, to approve agreements concluded with the

Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of

Palau (and an agreement with the Republic of the

Marshall Islands upon its conclusion) to amend the

Compacts of Free Association with the Freely Associated

States.
Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Oversight

To hold hearings to examine 25 years of the Child Tax

Credit (1997-2022).
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1080, to amend the

Controlled Substances Act to require electronic

communication service providers and remote computing

services to report to the Attorney General certain

controlled substances violations, S. 359, to amend

title 28, United States Code, to provide for a code of

conduct for justices of the Supreme Court of the United

States, and the nominations of Loren L. AliKhan, to be

United States District Judge for the District of

Columbia, Susan Kim DeClercq, to be United States

District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan,

Julia Kathleen Munley, to be United States District

Judge for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, Vernon

D. Oliver, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Connecticut, and Tara K. McGrath, to be

United States Attorney for the Southern District of

California, Department of Justice.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 2043, to provide for

certain authorities of the Department of State, S.

1457, to authorize negotiation and conclusion and to

provide for congressional consideration of a tax

agreement between the American Institute in Taiwan

(AIT) and the Taipei Economic and Cultural

Representative Office (TECRO), S. 1203, to amend the

Peace Corps Act by reauthorizing the Peace Corps,

providing better support for current, returning, and

former volunteers, S. 847, to establish the

International Children with Disabilities Protection

Program within the Department of State, S. 2006, to

foster Tunisia's democratic institutions, to limit

funds until Tunisia restores checks and balances, and

to authorize the creation of a fund to support

democratic reforms, S. 416, to designate the Russian-

based mercenary Wagner Group as a foreign terrorist

organization, S. 490, to require the President to

remove the extension of certain privileges, exemptions,

and immunities to the Hong Kong Economic and Trade

Offices if Hong Kong no longer enjoys a high degree of

autonomy from the People's Republic of China, S. Con.
Res.
2, commending the bravery, courage, and resolve of

the women and men of Iran demonstrating in more than

133 cities and risking their safety to speak out

against the Iranian regime's human rights abuses, S.

Res.
20, condemning the coup that took place on

February 1, 2021, in Burma and the Burmese military's

detention of civilian leaders, calling for an immediate

and unconditional release of all those detained,

promoting accountability and justice for those killed

by the Burmese military, and calling for those elected

to serve in parliament to resume their duties without

impediment, S. Res.