CHOB-210

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine bank mergers and the economic

impacts of consolidation.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 636, to establish the

Dolores River National Conservation Area and the

Dolores River Special Management Area in the State of

Colorado, to protect private water rights in the State,

S. 912, to require the Secretary of Energy to provide

technology grants to strengthen domestic mining

education, S. 1015, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to convey the Pleasant Valley Ranger

District Administrative Site to Gila County, Arizona,

S. 1088, to authorize the relinquishment and in lieu

selection of land and minerals in the State of North

Dakota, to restore land and minerals to Indian Tribes

within the State of North Dakota, S. 1254, to designate

and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest

in the State of Washington, and to designate certain

rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National

Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1405, to provide for

the exchange of certain Federal land and State land in

the State of Utah, S. 1622, to discourage speculative

oil and gas leasing and to promote enhanced multiple

use management of public land and National Forest

System land, S. 1634, to provide for the designation of

certain wilderness areas, recreation management areas,

and conservation areas in the State of Colorado, S.

1657, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to

convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, S. 1760,

to amend the Apex Project, Nevada Land Transfer and

Authorization Act of 1989 to include the city of North

Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Apex Industrial Park Owners

Association, S. 1776, to provide for the protection of

and investment in certain Federal land in the State of

California, S. 1890, to provide for the establishment

Malheur County, Oregon, S. 2020, to amend the Oregon

Resource Conservation Act of 1996 to reauthorize the

Deschutes River Conservancy Working Group, S. 2042, to

amend the Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area Act

to adjust the boundary of the Sloan Canyon National

Conservation Area, S. 2136, to require the Secretary of

the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey

certain Federal land to the State of Utah for inclusion

in certain State parks, S. 2149, to sustain economic

development and recreational use of National Forest

System land in the State of Montana, to add certain

land to the National Wilderness Preservation System, to

designate new areas for recreation, and an original

bill to release from wilderness study area designation

certain land in the State of Montana, to improve the

management of that land.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 616, to amend the Leech

Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act to

provide for the transfer of additional Federal land to

the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, S. 1898, to amend the

Northwestern New Mexico Rural Water Projects Act to

make improvements to that Act, and S. 1987, to provide

for the settlement of the water rights claims of the

Fort Belknap Indian Community.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 38, to amend the Small

Business Act to codify the Boots to Business Program,

S. 77, to reauthorize the State Trade Expansion Program

of the Small Business Administration, S. 609, to

establish a pilot program awarding competitive grants

to organizations administering entrepreneurial

development programming to formerly incarcerated

individuals, and other purposes, S. 673, to allow

nonprofit child care providers to participate in

certain loan programs of the Small Business

Administration, S. 936, to amend the Small Business Act

to include requirements relating to graduates of career

and technical education programs or programs of study

for small business development centers and women's

business centers, S. 943, to increase the minimum

disaster loan amount for which the Small Business

Administration may require collateral, S. 1156, to

establish an Office of Native American Affairs within

the Small Business Administration, S. 1345, to amend

the Small Business Act to enhance the Office of Credit

Risk Management, to require the Administrator of the

Small Business Administration to issue rules relating

to environmental obligations of certified development

companies, S. 1352, to amend the Small Business

Investment Act of 1958 to improve the loan guaranty

program, enhance the ability of small manufacturers to

access affordable capital, S. 1370, to reauthorize and

limit the pre-disaster mitigation program of the Small

Business Administration, S. 1396, to improve

commercialization activities in the SBIR and STTR

programs, S. 1402, to require the Administrator of the

Small Business Administration, in consultation with the

Under Secretary of Commerce for Minority Business

Development, to establish a grant program to create or

expand programs at minority-serving institutions and

historically Black colleges and universities that

promote minority business ownership and

entrepreneurship, S. 1458, to require the Administrator

program to assist small business concerns with

purchasing cybersecurity products and services, S.

1739, to require the Administrator of the Small

Business Administration to establish an Innovation

Voucher Grant Program, S. 1763, to include smoke in

the definition of disaster in the Small Business Act,

S. 2094, to reauthorize the Interagency Committee on

Women's Business Enterprise, S. 2099, to establish an

Office of Community Financial Institutions within the

Small Business Administration that will strengthen the

ability of Community Financial Institutions to support

the development of small business concerns in

underserved communities, S. 2100, to amend the Small

Business Investment Act of 1958 to modify fees and

funding for certain small business refinancing loans

and loans to qualified State or local development

companies, S. 2146, to amend the Small Business Act to

increase the Governmentwide goal for participation in

Federal contracts by small business concerns owned and

controlled by service-disabled veterans, S. 2184, to

amend the Small Business Act to improve the Women's

Business Center Program, S. 2185, to amend the Small

Business Act to require an annual report on

entrepreneurial development programs, S. 2206, to

increase the guarantee amount under the Surety Bond

Program of the Small Business Administration, S. 2209,

to establish a veteran Federal procurement

entrepreneurship training program, S. 2212, to require

the Administrator of the Small Business Administration

to establish an SBIC Advisory Committee, and an

original bill entitled, ``Community Advantage Loan

Program Act''.