2 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Philip

Nathan Jefferson, of North Carolina, to be Vice

Chairman, and Lisa DeNell Cook, of Michigan, and

Adriana Debora Kugler, of Maryland, both to be a

Member, each of the Board of Governors of the Federal

Reserve System.
S-216

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine supporting a democratic and

secure Moldova.
CHOB-210

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine bank mergers and the economic

impacts of consolidation.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 636, to establish the

Dolores River National Conservation Area and the

Dolores River Special Management Area in the State of

Colorado, to protect private water rights in the State,

S. 912, to require the Secretary of Energy to provide

technology grants to strengthen domestic mining

education, S. 1015, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to convey the Pleasant Valley Ranger

District Administrative Site to Gila County, Arizona,

S. 1088, to authorize the relinquishment and in lieu

selection of land and minerals in the State of North

Dakota, to restore land and minerals to Indian Tribes

within the State of North Dakota, S. 1254, to designate

and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest

in the State of Washington, and to designate certain

rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National

Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1405, to provide for

the exchange of certain Federal land and State land in

the State of Utah, S. 1622, to discourage speculative

oil and gas leasing and to promote enhanced multiple

use management of public land and National Forest

System land, S. 1634, to provide for the designation of

certain wilderness areas, recreation management areas,

and conservation areas in the State of Colorado, S.

1657, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to

convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, S. 1760,

to amend the Apex Project, Nevada Land Transfer and

Authorization Act of 1989 to include the city of North

Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Apex Industrial Park Owners

Association, S. 1776, to provide for the protection of

and investment in certain Federal land in the State of

California, S. 1890, to provide for the establishment

Malheur County, Oregon, S. 2020, to amend the Oregon

Resource Conservation Act of 1996 to reauthorize the

Deschutes River Conservancy Working Group, S. 2042, to

amend the Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area Act

to adjust the boundary of the Sloan Canyon National

Conservation Area, S. 2136, to require the Secretary of

the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey

certain Federal land to the State of Utah for inclusion

in certain State parks, S. 2149, to sustain economic

development and recreational use of National Forest

System land in the State of Montana, to add certain

land to the National Wilderness Preservation System, to

designate new areas for recreation, and an original

bill to release from wilderness study area designation

certain land in the State of Montana, to improve the

management of that land.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 616, to amend the Leech

Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act to

provide for the transfer of additional Federal land to

the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, S. 1898, to amend the

Northwestern New Mexico Rural Water Projects Act to

make improvements to that Act, and S. 1987, to provide

for the settlement of the water rights claims of the

Fort Belknap Indian Community.