My hon.
Friend is a long-standing advocate for child protection, and I pay tribute to her campaigning on these issues.
We share her determination to do what is right for the victims and the survivors.
We recognise that no sum of money can ever fully compensate for the horrors they have experienced.
We are committed to funding efforts to tackle child sexual abuse in the future and support survivors to rebuild their lives—that is why we will make it easier for victims to make personal injury claims through the civil courts by removing the three-year time limit—and we are redoubling funding for therapeutic support  services.
This Refugee Week is an opportunity for the House to show solidarity with those fleeing war, persecution and oppression.
Compassion and welcome are core British values, but for decades the Home Office has been undermining those values, as my new report “No Way Home” shows, by treating migration as a crime rather than making it work for our communities and for newcomers.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister read the report and consider its recommendation to remove migration from the responsibilities of the failing Home Office?
I will commit to reading the hon.
Lady’s report, because it is important that we take all information on these issues.
We inherited an asylum system under exceptional strain, which costs up to £9 million a day.
We will end the use of hotels through suitable self-sufficient accommodation for asylum seekers, minimising the impact on local communities, and we will protect and support asylum seekers while demonstrating value for taxpayers.
On  1 July, Warwickshire county council will permanently remove one of Nuneaton’s two fire engines.
Its decision, based on dubious data that does not account for local factors such as high deprivation, does not accurately represent the current risk to residents.
The cuts will put lives in Nuneaton in danger.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister please look into this matter to confirm that there has been sufficient scrutiny and a thorough risk analysis to ensure safety for the good residents of Nuneaton?