I associate myself with the Deputy Prime Minister’s remarks about the tragic air crash in India, and of course about our dear colleagues Jo Cox and Sir David Amess.
I also join her in calling for de-escalation between Israel and Iran, while noting that everything possible must be done to stop Iran getting a nuclear weapon.
Yesterday, the Leader of the Opposition and I met survivors of the rape gang scandal and their family members.
Fiona, Teresa, Lucia and Marlon told us how authorities deliberately covered up the systematic rape of young girls, and some boys, by gangs of predominantly Pakistani-heritage men.
They covered it up because they cared more about so-called community relations than protecting vulnerable girls.
That is disgusting.
The survivors told us that they will only have confidence in an inquiry if it is independently led, has full statutory powers, and covers all 50 towns affected, including Bradford.
They will also only have confidence in it if those who covered this up are prosecuted, foreign perpetrators are all deported, survivors are closely involved, and it is set up before the summer recess.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister give the survivors and their families those assurances?
First, I thank the shadow Home Secretary for his tone, and for putting the survivors and victims at the heart of his question.
It is absolutely right that we all look at what has happened over the last couple of decades, and at the countless reports that we have had, and look to implement them.
He is right to talk about the confidence that people must have in the independent inquiry.
My right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary spoke about that earlier this week in relation to Baroness Casey’s report, which we will take forward at speed.
The inquiry will be independent, and it will have statutory powers.
We will also implement the Jay report, which he will have known about, as the Minister in charge at the time.
We will get on with taking action.
I hope Conservative Members will adopt his tone, so that we can make sure that the whole House puts victims first, and that we all work together to get to the bottom of this.
It is vital that scandals like this are never again covered up because of the racial background of perpetrators.
Baroness Casey’s report said, to use her words, that people who downplay the ethnic dimension are letting victims down, so I have to raise the matter of the language that the Prime Minister used in January, when I am afraid to say he smeared campaigners as jumping on a “far-right bandwagon” simply for calling for the very inquiry that he has now been forced to set up.
Standing up for rape victims is not far-right.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister apologise for what the Prime Minister said?