The Prime Minister did not just raise issues; he has acted on them.
He brought the first prosecutions against grooming gangs, and called for action to address ethnicity issues in 2012.
The right hon.
Member will know that the data that the previous Government collected was inaccurate and not complete.
Baroness Casey recognised this, and it is the subject of one of the recommendations that we will take forward.
The Prime Minister made those comments specifically about Tory Ministers who sat for years in Government and did absolutely nothing about this scandal.
Smearing campaigners who stand up for rape victims as being “far-right” is completely unacceptable, and the Prime Minister should never have said that.
I commend his predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , for the grooming gangs taskforce that he set up, which led to 550 arrests in its first year.
Baroness Casey’s report also said that a significant number of rape gang perpetrators were non-UK nationals or asylum seekers, many of whom entered the country illegally.
We also know that most illegal immigrants crossing the channel are young men, contrary to what the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said last week.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister now accept that the small boats crisis is one of public safety, as well as a border crisis?
This is a very serious issue, and more needs to be done.
Let me update the House.
Working with our allies, we have carried out a series of major arrests to tackle the smuggling gangs behind this vile trade.
In the past month, a ringleader who has smuggled almost 4,000 migrants has been jailed for 25 years.
We can go further thanks to the law-enforcement agreements we have struck with Germany, Italy, Serbia and the Balkan states.
That is in stark contrast to the right hon.
Gentleman, who was the man at the heart of the Home Office when immigration soared, we lost control of our borders, and we spent £700 million of taxpayers’ money on persuading just four volunteers to be removed to Rwanda.
I take no lectures from him.
If she wants to find out who has lost control of our borders, I suggest that she looks to her immediate right, because ever since the Home Secretary scrapped the Rwanda deterrent before it even started, illegal immigration across the channel has gone up by 30%.
So far, 2025 has been the worst year in history for illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
That is on her watch; that is down to her Government.