On the substance of the Secretary of State’s statement, I believe there is a broad consensus in this House on the central point that mistakes were made in the delivery of HS2.
As she noted, costs more than doubled, the project has been repeatedly delayed, and the pandemic completely changed travel patterns.
It undercut the assumptions that guided the original plans and caused construction costs to rise sharply across the world—by up to 40% in some cases—as a result of supply chain shortages as the world emerged from the crisis.
It has long been apparent that HS2 was not going according to plan.
In my first two years as a Member of this House, I sat on the Public Accounts Committee, then chaired by  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) .
In the summer of 2021, we published a report on HS2 that raised serious concerns in a number of areas and contained recommendations for how to improve the project.
In 2023, the previous Government conceded that HS2 was not going to plan and made fundamental changes to it.
The result was the cancellation of the northern leg of HS2 and the creation of the Network North plan.
Under that plan, £36 billion was to be diverted from the northern leg of HS2 to a multitude of transport projects that would benefit more people in more places and more quickly than the then Government believed the delivery of HS2 could.
However, we also recognise that the path we took to reach that point was not perfect—far from it.
I will not today pretend that the Network North plan was not a product of mistakes we made in the handling of HS2, because it clearly was.
As a country, we must learn from those mistakes and we must not repeat them.
On that note, and with your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to express my gratitude to Mark Wild, the chief executive officer of HS2, for his continued efforts to support the delivery of the project.
Recognising his leadership in rescuing the Crossrail project in London, it was the noble Lord Harper—then Secretary of State for Transport—who appointed him to lead HS2 in May 2024.
We are all encouraged to see him playing a leading role in overseeing the correction and completion of the project, because his experience will be invaluable in helping to get it back on track.
I also welcome the appointment of Mike Brown as the new chairman of HS2 Ltd.
Like the Secretary of State, I know him from my years in London politics, when he was commissioner of Transport for London.
He is a very capable man, and I wish him well in his new role.