The Prime Minister is planning crisis talks with President Macron, and is finally admitting that the situation is, in his words, “deteriorating”.
The Government’s laughable plan to smash the gangs lies in tatters.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister at last accept that we need a removals deterrent, so that every single illegal immigrant who arrives on these shores is immediately removed?
Will she commit to that—yes or no?
If the Conservatives want to argue that the 40,000 arrivals since July ’24 are down to the scrapping of the Rwanda scheme, they need to explain why there were more than 43,000 arrivals in the same period starting in July ’22, when the Rwanda agreement was in place.
It is absolute rubbish.
They lost control of our borders; we are getting control of our borders.
The right hon.
Gentleman needs to apologise.
I do not see how the Deputy Prime Minister has the brass neck to claim that she has the situation under control when the numbers crossing the channel this year are the highest in history.
She asked about the Rwanda deterrent.
She was obviously not listening to what I said earlier.
The Rwanda scheme never started; indeed, illegal immigrants in Calais—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the question, and I am sure our constituents want to hear the question and the answer.
The Rwanda scheme never started.
Illegal immigrants in Calais said before the election how much they wanted the Prime Minister to get elected because he would help them to get here.
When Australia started a similar scheme about 10 years ago, it worked within a few months.
As a consequence of the Government losing control, they now accommodate in asylum hotels and flats growing numbers of illegal immigrants, many of whom crossed the channel.
The Home Office’s suppliers are actively offering above-market deals to landlords to get hold of their properties for use by illegal immigrants.
In the meantime, hard-pressed young people here are unable to rent or buy.
Why do this Government prioritise housing for illegal immigrants above housing for our young people?
Again, I gently say to the right hon.
Member that, under his Government’s watch, immigration increased fourfold, until it reached almost a million in a single year.
They also created the backlog—400 hotels, which we reduced to just over 200 in our first 12 months in government.
One million pounds a day “spiffed” up the wall because they were so incompetent.
We are building the homes that they failed to deliver over 14 consecutive years of failure.
They should apologise while we get on with the job of rebuilding Britain.
Goodness me, the Deputy Prime Minister has a cheek.
Housing starts in quarter four last year went down—her mission to rebuild Britain is not going very well.
She talks about asylum hotels, but she obviously has not looked at the most recent numbers.
The number of people in asylum hotels was higher in March this year than it was at the time of the election.
And she gave no answer about the priority being given to illegal immigrants over people already living here.
A Zimbabwean paedophile due for deportation was recently allowed to stay in the UK because a court found that he might face “some hostility” back in Zimbabwe, which apparently breached his article 3 rights.
What about the rights of children here to be protected from this dangerous paedophile?
Who is looking out for their rights?
Not the Government.
There are thousands of such cases involving foreign criminals.
There is a solution: we need to scrap the Human Rights Act for immigration matters so that this sovereign Parliament decides on the law that our courts apply.
But the Deputy Prime Minister’s party voted against that.
I have a simple question: why do the Government side with foreign criminals and not the British public?
The Conservatives had 14 years of failure on these issues.
We have deported 4,500 foreign national offenders since we came to office, which is more than they did over the same period.
I will take no lectures from the Johnny-come-lately who could not do anything when he was in office.
Last Saturday marked eight years since Grenfell—eight years fighting for justice.
The Hillsborough families, including Margaret Aspinall from Huyton, have campaigned for 36 years—for decades—for the Hillsborough law.
Can  the Deputy Prime Minister tell me whether this Labour Government will bring forward the Hillsborough law without delay?
Will they honour the promises made to victims of state cover-ups, and will they finally deliver justice for the 97?