On  30 April 1999 , three nail bombs went off in London, killing four and injuring 140.
One of them exploded at Brick Lane, the hub of London’s Bengali community; one exploded in Soho, at the Admiral Duncan pub, the heart of London’s gay district; and one exploded in Brixton, in an attack on south London’s black community.
The sick terrorist who committed those evil acts was motivated by hatred.
He hated Bengalis and black people because of their race.
He hated LGBT people because of who they love and how they live their lives.
He hated those groups because they were different from him.
He hated them because of who they are.
I raise that appalling incident to remind the House that hatred comes in many forms, but whoever in our society it is against, we must all stand equally strongly against it.
We must have hate crime laws that show that whether the hatred is for someone’s race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability, Britain is a country that will not tolerate it; that all hatred is equal; and that all those who commit vile acts of hatred will face the same grave consequences.
I regret to say that that is not currently the case.
Today the law recognises five categories of hate crime—race, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity and disability—but only two, race and religion, are treated as aggravated offences subject to stronger sentencing powers; the other three are not.
That discrepancy cannot be right.
We cannot say, as a society, that some forms of hatred are more evil than others.
I was at university when section 28 was introduced—I remember it vividly.
It was more than a law; it was an attack on the right of people like me to live openly.
It stigmatised lesbians, gays and bisexual people; and it pushed us out of public life.
I went into politics to fight that cruel law and everything it represented.
Hate corrodes our entire society.
It does not just harm the individuals who are targeted; it creates fear—fear to go outside, fear to speak up, fear to be seen.
It silences people.
It makes us all afraid.
Research by Stonewall found that less than half of LGBT+ people felt safe holding their partner’s hand in public.
That is the impact that the fear of hatred has on people.
It makes them afraid even to show the world that they exist.
Unfortunately, far too many recorded crimes never result in charges.
Of 11,000 disability hate crimes recorded by police, 320 led to prosecutions.
Of 22,000 homophobic hate crimes, 3,118 led to prosecutions.
Of 4,000 hate crimes against transgender people, only 137 led to prosecutions.
Behind those statistics are real people, whose scars may heal on the outside but who may never recover from the fear and trauma that they have suffered.
In 2024, a teenage far-right extremist was jailed for targeting and attacking a transgender woman.
Along with another young man, he kicked her to the ground in a park in Swansea and hurled transphobic abuse at her.
In 2022, Cassie, a PhD student and wheelchair user, was waiting outside a shop when two drunk men grabbed her wheelchair, pushed her down the road and made sexual comments.
She had to escape by rolling into traffic.
We must fight back against this hatred.
We must show that we are not content to stick with the status quo.
The victims of these attacks deserve to live in a society that says that we take this hatred seriously and will not stand for it.
Victims must be at the heart of our criminal justice system, and we must ensure that laws protect them.
That is why my new clause 122 is so important.
LGBT and disabled people tell me that they do not feel as safe as they used to.
We are seeing rising transphobia everywhere.
Pride flags are being taken down at county halls, and some politicians are openly questioning whether disabilities are even real.
I am proud that Labour, in our manifesto, committed to equalising our hate crime laws by making hate crimes against LGBT people and disabled people aggravated offences.
I am proud to be bringing  forward that change through new clause 122.
I hope that I can persuade all my parliamentary colleagues to support the new clause today, and to take this important step forward for equal rights.