May I ask the Secretary of State three things?
First, can she guarantee that, if any fraud has taken place, any money lost will be returned to the Government and her Department as soon as possible, and that the police will be provided with the necessary resources to investigate the matter fully?
Secondly, the Secretary of State has said that the ministerial taskforce set up to provide oversight on HS2 had inconsistent attendance from the then Transport Secretary and Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those right hon.
Members should apologise for those particularly damning lapses?
Thirdly, we share the Secretary of State’s confidence in Mark Wild and Mike Brown, but  can she say when she expects to be able to give the House an accurate assessment of the scheme’s full costs and of when HS2 will finally be up and running?
The hon.
Gentleman raises three fair issues, and I agree with his assessment that the previous Government were not just asleep but comatose at the wheel.
He asks whether the alleged fraud in the supply chain will be fully investigated, and whether moneys will be returned to the taxpayer.
I can assure him that no stone will be left unturned in getting to the bottom of this matter.
He is also right to highlight the question of poor and inconsistent attendance by individuals who held my role, the Rail Minister’s role and Treasury roles.
It is imperative that politicians who have oversight of these infrastructure schemes stay close to the detail of what is happening, both through their own officials and directly with the executive and non-executive leadership of the project.
That is certainly what I intend to do.
I know the Rail Minister has a monthly meeting with the new chief executive.
We have already held a meeting of the ministerial taskforce, and there is another one due soon.
I have had multiple one-to-one conversations with the leadership team at HS2.
The hon.
Gentleman asks when I will be in a position to provide a full update on costs and schedule.
Mark Wild has told me that he will require until the end of this year to do that full piece of work.
I am not prepared to get ahead of that, because that is how we have got into problems previously.
The hon.
Gentleman can rest assured that as soon as I have more information, in addition to the six-monthly report that I provide to Parliament, I will come back to this House.
This is the latest national scandal to arise in our attempts to bring in infrastructure schemes on budget and on time, but the taxpayer is not the only victim of the failure of this project so far; there are also the people of the north of England.
HS2 was originally a scheme intended to help the economies of the north-west and Yorkshire and those communities on the way, so there is a complete failure there.
What we will be left with is an extension to the London underground system, and that will not help people in Leeds, Bradford, Manchester, Sheffield and elsewhere.
Will the Secretary of State consider safeguarding the original routes so that when we get our infrastructure plans in place, we can build something that this country can be proud of?
I gently say to my hon.
Friend that the Mayor of the West Midlands might have something to say about his great city being seen as the end of an extension to the London underground line.
It is completely right that our two great cities—Birmingham and London—are connected with high-quality rail services.
Although this is a difficult day in exposing the state of the project, I have no doubt that in time it will be a railway we can be proud of.
I also say to my hon.
Friend that I am aware of forecast capacity constraints between Birmingham and Manchester and in other parts of the country.
We are investing, through things such as the trans-Pennine route upgrade, in improving connectivity to other great cities in the north of England.
We are determined to  ensure that everyone, no matter where they live in the country, has an excellent public transport system that they can rely upon.
My constituency has been devastated by roughly 26 miles of HS2, and I have consistently warned this House—during the previous Parliament and this—through the lens of the miserable experience on the ground in Buckinghamshire, about the reasons for the cost overruns, poor governance and everything else that the Secretary of State has highlighted in her statement today.
If she must persist with this wrong project with a new delay, will she give a commitment to my constituents and the rest of the county of Buckinghamshire on how much longer they will have to live in misery as part of a building site?
More importantly, will she look urgently at unlocking some of the mitigation funds that we are finding incredibly hard to access and get spent on the ground?
That would be of some small, tiny comfort to my constituents who are living in misery.
It is essential that we proceed as quickly as possible with the remaining civil engineering works that will have affected the hon.
Member’s constituents to date.
If he wishes to write to me with details of the problem he has experienced with accessing mitigation funds, I will raise that for him with the chief executive of HS2.
The Conservatives announced that they were scrapping the northern leg of HS2 in a former railway station, summing up their attitude to the railway and sending shockwaves through the industry, including in Derby, a rail city that will be building the HS2 trains.
Will the Transport Secretary ensure certainty and timeliness going forward, so that the industry can have confidence that we will not see further delays, which have already been so damaging for the supply chain?
My hon.
Friend is right that certainty is critical for the rail supply chain.
It will be a number of months before I am in a position to confirm with any certainty the schedule and estimated final cost.
As soon as the new chief executive, Mark Wild, has provided that information to me and my Department, I will be updating the House.