As Liberal Democrats, we have been concerned about the lack of a draft Bill on conversion practices, so I am relieved to hear what the Minister has said today.
However, given the amount of fear and anxiety that there is among the trans community in this country, can she reassure the House that when the Bill comes forward, it will be UK-wide to overcome the Scottish Government’s withdrawal of their proposals?
Further, will the Government consider whether we need fresh legislation to deal with  all the issues in the Equality Act that have been raised by the Equality and Human Rights Commission’s interim guidance and the Supreme Court judgment?
There was a real range of questions there.
We are bringing forward legislation that affects England and Wales, but I can assure the hon.
Member that we are in talks with officials in the Scottish Parliament on that very issue.
I also assure her that we will be bringing this legislation forward very soon, and that there will be a proper opportunity for that pre-legislative scrutiny, which I know she will want to take part in.
Whether she plans to take steps with Cabinet colleagues to develop a strategy to improve educational outcomes for boys.
Whether she plans to take steps with Cabinet colleagues to develop a strategy to improve educational outcomes for boys.
Attainment for boys is, on average, lower than for girls.
This Government are determined to understand and address the drivers behind that.
We are focused on driving educational excellence everywhere, for every child in every school, and my schools White Paper in the autumn will set out our vision for a system that delivers on excellence for everyone.
Recent research by the Centre for Social Justice showed that at key stage 1, key stage 2, GCSEs, A-levels and T-levels, boys are underperforming girls.
We simply cannot allow half a generation not to be allowed to reach their full potential.
As part of her approach, will the Secretary of State consider looking at whether boys might need to be taught somewhat differently from girls?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s interest in this area and the constructive way in which he is approaching an important topic.
I, too, have looked at the research from the Centre for Social Justice, which provides some important pointers.
Through the schools White Paper, we will consider all the ways we can better support boys and young men as one group.
We know that the performance of free school meals-eligible white British boys is particularly low; that is something we inherited from the Conservatives.
The logic behind having a Women’s Minister was the idea that women present and have different problems in society.
By that logic, men and boys do, too; we know about suicide, and we have just heard about educational attainment.
We hear about help-seeking opportunities, and I welcome the men’s health strategy, but is it not time we had a Minister for men and boys to look across Government and deal with education, unemployment, suicide and health, and really get to grips with the problems facing young men and boys?
The hon.
Gentleman raises some important areas of concern, including health outcomes, suicide, educational outcomes and the need to better support boys, young men and men throughout their lives.
He will appreciate that ministerial appointments  are for the Prime Minister, so I will not get ahead of myself and make any announcements from the Dispatch Box today.
As a boy, Billy Boston dreamed of playing rugby union for Wales and for Cardiff, but he was never selected because he was black.
Wigan and rugby league welcomed him with open arms.
Rugby league has always been a sport that champions equality; it was created by working-class men who wanted to be paid a fair wage, and now Wigan Warriors women’s team have won the Challenge cup.
Will the Secretary of State join me and millions across the north in celebrating rugby league as a sport that has always judged people by the content of their character and not their race, class or sex, and in congratulating Billy and his family on his becoming Sir Billy Boston?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Billy and his family.
Right across sport, we want to make sure that no one is held back by outdated stereotypes, whether they relate to their sex, their race or their background.
This Government are committed to ensuring that all young people have access to high-quality sport and other opportunities.
As a former A-level teacher, one of my concerns—in addition to the disparities between boys and girls in educational outcomes—was the disparity in educational choice.
Physics and maths classes were dominated by boys, and English literature and psychology classes were dominated by girls.
Those are different subjects that develop different skills.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern about that disparity, and does she have any plans to address it?
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise, and I listened carefully to what he had to say.
We will consider those issues through the schools White Paper later this autumn.
The curriculum and assessment review is also under way, and it is considering all aspects of how we can make sure that young people have access to a broad and rich curriculum.
In addition, we know that poverty is a real barrier for so many children, and that is why I am delighted that this Labour Government are expanding free school meals eligibility, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce digital exclusion for people with communication disabilities.
The digital inclusion action plan, published in February, sets out plans to widen access to devices, drive digital upskilling, break down barriers to participation and support people in their own communities.
The plan highlights disabled people as one of five priority groups more likely to be digitally excluded, and the focus is therefore on them in particular.
A constituent contacted me specifically about the digital inclusion action plan, explaining that because of his voice disability, spasmodic dysphonia, he struggles to access essential services such as banking,  because automated phone systems could not understand his voice.
There is often no clear way of bypassing those systems, and alternatives like webchat are slow and ineffective.
This is a growing issue for many people with communication disabilities.
What steps is the Minister taking, with Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that services remain accessible, and will the issue be addressed through the action plan?
The hon.
Lady has raised some interesting points.
The action plan outlines five initial actions, including the establishment of an ambitious digital inclusion innovation fund.
I do not know whether some of those ideas could be used to address the concern that the hon.
Lady has raised, but we do want to be ambitious in all this.
In the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper, published a couple of months ago, we talked about assistive tech and the possibility of making it more widely available; maybe there are solutions there that could be taken forward.
I would be interested to talk to the hon.
Lady about what more we might do.
Three weeks ago, I had an opportunity to visit Harlow jobcentre, meet the fantastic work coaches there, and see the important work that they are doing to help people in Harlow get back into employment.
Digital inclusion was one of the issues that they raised.
Does the Minister agree that we need to look at how we can support people to get back to work, give them more face-to-face appointments, and help to provide training and digital skills when they need them?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It is important to ensure that the tech that is available in jobcentres is appropriate for people’s needs.
One element of the action plan is the launch this summer of an “IT reuse for good” charter, encouraging organisations to set up device donation schemes, because we think that they can play a helpful part as well.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to provide cross-Government support for women with endometriosis.
Given that women are waiting up to 10 years for an endometriosis diagnosis, we are committed to improving diagnosis, treatment and ongoing care for women with gynaecological conditions.
That includes approving two new pills to treat endometriosis this year, investing £5.6 million in much-need research, and taking action to cut gynaecology waiting lists through our elective reform plan.
This Government are committed to prioritising women’s health as we build an NHS that is fit for the future.
I know that my constituent Samantha, who asked me to as this question, will be grateful for the Minister’s reply.
Will she also work with colleagues across Government to ensure that once the Employment Rights Bill has been passed, the needs of those with menstrual health conditions, like endometriosis, are reflected properly in guidance and employer support, and that organisations such as Endometriosis UK are engaged in the process?
Far too many women, like Samantha, are forced to leave work because they do not get the support that they need.
That is why we are meeting the needs of women with endometriosis in the workplace through a number of measures in the Employment Rights Bill.
Strengthening statutory sick pay arrangements, making flexible working available to more people, and opening up conversations about women’s health through employer action plans will benefit all employees managing the condition.
We are turning the commitments in the women’s health strategy into tangible actions.
What commitment can the Minister give that the community diagnostic centres programme, which was started under the Conservative Government—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] I’ll start again.
What commitment can the Minister give that the community diagnostic centres programme, which was started under the last Government, will be used effectively to treat and diagnose not just endometriosis, but all the conditions listed in the women’s health strategy?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we are taking forward a number of measures as part of the women’s health strategy.
He will also know that as a result of our pilot on women’s health hubs, which have been established in 41 of England’s 42 integrated care systems, we are working to make sure that we are supporting and tackling women’s health, including by shifting care out of hospitals, reducing waiting lists, and continuing to engage with local areas to use the learnings from women’s health hubs to improve the local delivery of services.