The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
When she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to ban conversion therapy.
Let me be clear: conversion practices have no place in today’s society, and this Government are committed to bringing forward trans-inclusive legislation to ban these outdated and abusive acts.
This is a complex issue that we want to get absolutely right.
We are working hard to publish later in this Session draft legislation that offers protection from these harmful practices while also preserving individuals’ freedom to explore their identity with appropriate support.
Since the Supreme Court ruling, many trans people have felt discrimination and a loss of their rights despite still being protected under the Equality Act 2010.
I am pleased to hear that the Government are bringing forward a trans-inclusive conversion therapy ban, but what else will the Minister do to ensure that trans
people know they belong in our society and are valued?
I can indeed assure my hon.
Friend that our draft legislation on conversion practices will be trans-inclusive.
It is crucial that trans people are safe, included, and protected from harm and discrimination.
More widely, this Government are actively working on other manifesto commitments to strengthen services and protections for trans people, including ensuring that all trans people receive appropriate and high-quality healthcare, and equalising all strands of hate crime.
I recently met representatives of Trans Liberation Bournemouth, who shared with me their anxiety about the Supreme Court ruling—a ruling that has caused not only confusion in their otherwise supportive workplaces, but distressing incidents for biological women who do not conform to traditional gender norms.
What  assurances can the Minister give my constituents that this Government are committed to ensuring that Bournemouth remains an open and welcoming place for our LGBT+ community?
I will indeed give that assurance.
Rightly, laws are in place to protect trans people from discrimination and harassment—that remains the case.
To be clear, I am absolutely committed to delivering on our key manifesto commitments aimed at protecting LGBT+ individuals: a full, trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, and our commitment to equalise all existing strands of hate crime.
Dignity and respect for everyone runs through every sinew of this Government.
Previous Governments have promised to bring forward legislation to ban conversion therapy, but it has not happened yet.
Eris, one of my constituents in Horsham, tells me that recent headlines have created fear and uncertainty within the trans community, increasing their sense of isolation.
Will the Minister show the LGBTQ community that they are not ill or something to be converted, and commit to action within the next 12 months?
As we know, the previous Government repeatedly broke their promises to deliver on the issue of conversion practices and allowed the debate to become ever more toxic and divided.
We are committed to bringing forward legislation to ban these abusive practices—that is a key manifesto commitment.
We will be publishing our draft Bill later in this Session, and we want to work with Parliament to ensure that our legislation is robust and does not negatively impact legitimate support for those exploring their sexual orientation or gender identity.