The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 18 June.
I have been asked to reply, as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister has been attending the G7 summit in Canada.
In an era of global instability, we are working with our partners to urge de-escalation in the middle east, to put pressure on Russia to agree to a ceasefire, and to deliver security renewal for the British people.
The Air India plane crash last week was devastating.
Our thoughts and condolences are with everyone affected by this awful incident, and we are working closely with the Indian authorities to support those in need.
Nine years ago, we lost our beloved friend and colleague Jo Cox, who was a beacon of positivity and courage.
Her legacy lives on.
I must take this opportunity to also remember Sir David Amess, who is much missed by the whole House.
This Sunday marks Windrush Day.
We celebrate the extraordinary contribution of the Windrush generation and their descendants to our country.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Given the strong consensus across this House on the importance of de-escalation of the deeply worrying conflict between Israel and Iran, does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that this House’s actions must match its words?
Will she therefore give a commitment that before any further military support is given to the Israeli Government, whether it be the deployment of RAF jets or armed forces, her Government will first give MPs in this House a free vote on the matter?
The situation in the middle east is fast-moving and deeply concerning, and there is clear potential for a significant and rapid worsening of the situation.
In every step we take, we will always be guided by the safety of British nationals and the UK national interest.
That is why we have deployed jets to the region, so that contingency support is in place for our armed forces personnel, and it is why we are asking British nationals to register their presence.
We will keep all advice under review.
Too many of my constituents are stuck in unsuitable housing, and after 14 years of inaction from the Conservatives, local families are being split up because there are not enough affordable homes.
I welcome this Government’s plans to turbocharge the delivery of social and affordable housing, including through the new national housing bank.
I ask the Deputy Prime Minister to confirm that this Government will finally give my constituents the security that they deserve.
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the 14 years of failure by the Conservatives.
Labour is turning the tide on the housing crisis, and I am proud to announce today our commitment to establishing a new publicly owned national housing bank, backed by £16 billion of new finance.
This includes £2.5 billion in low-interest loans for social housing, to help achieve the biggest uplift to social and affordable housing in a generation.