Time and again, we Conservative Members asked the Government to hold a national statutory inquiry into the grooming gangs scandal.
Time and again, Government Ministers insisted that the five local inquiries would be enough, despite a suspected 50 towns having grooming gangs operating in them, as reported by Charlie Peters from GB News.
Now, after the Casey review and the announcement of the national commission, what reassurances can the Minister give victims that the 50 suspected towns will be investigated?
If a town or  city where a grooming gang is suspected to operate refuses to have an inquiry, can the Minister compel the commission to investigate?
In other words, do the Government have any accountability whatever?
The shadow Minister may not have listened closely to the statement on Monday, because that was confirmed by the Home Secretary.
He may want to know that earlier this year, the Financial Times told us the reality of what went on inside the previous Government after Alexis Jay’s report.
The FT said that No. 10 urged Home Office Ministers to “do more to ‘engage with Alexis’ and draw up a…plan for her recommendations.”
One veteran admitted that “The report came out at an unfortunate time and was maybe to some extent forgotten or deprioritised.”
“Forgotten or deprioritised”—yet now the Conservatives have the cheek to lecture this Government about the action we are taking to support and protect victims.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud to be driving our opportunity mission, as part of this Government’s plan for change, to break the link between background and success.
In our spending review, we announced that we are extending free school meals to all children with a parent on universal credit, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty by the end of the Parliament.
That is the difference a Labour Government make.
My constituent Theo, who is blind and a Braillist, has not received a single useable Braille past paper, despite being nearly a year into his A-levels, and reports that his GCSE papers last year contained so many errors that they were nearly impossible to use.
Will the Minister take immediate action to ensure that exam boards fulfil their legal duty under the Equality Act 2010 to provide accessible examination materials, and urgently review Ofqual’s monitoring?
I am concerned to hear of the experience of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
If he provides me with some information, I can make sure that this is properly investigated.
I was shocked to read recently that Ofsted found that 80% of teenage girls are being put under pressure to provide sexual images of themselves; they can be asked for these pictures multiple times a night.
What consideration will there be of social media in the wider strategy to tackle violence against women and girls?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I share her concern about the issue and its impact on young women and girls.
That is why the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is bringing forward further action to ensure that girls are protected from harm, and why later this year, we  will publish updated guidance on relationships, sex and health education to tackle all forms of misogyny and ensure that young men and women can thrive in our country.