I remember when the Deputy Prime Minister was a fierce critic of austerity and a proud champion for the disabled, but today her Government are introducing their £5 billion disability cuts Bill that will push another 250,000 people into poverty.
Does she agree that everyone has the right to oppose such devastating cuts?
Is it the Prime Minister’s intention to remove the Whip from any Labour MP who does the right thing and votes against these disability cuts?
The hon.
Member talks about austerity, but I gently say to him that we have given the biggest amount of increase to Scotland—[Interruption.]
I have covered this point in an earlier question.
We are absolutely committed to ending child poverty.
We have already introduced free school meals, we are already supporting families and we have given a living wage rise to millions of workers that need it.
We are getting on with the job of rebuilding Britain.
The hon.
Member has had decades of failure in Scotland, and it deserves better.
Derbyshire’s Derwent valley is the home of the industrial revolution and it is also now a UNESCO world heritage site.
That community showed a Victorian sense of purpose that delivered improvements to people’s everyday lives.
Can my right hon.
Friend set out how the Government’s £39 billion investment in housing will instil that same drive while maintaining the unique character of the east midlands’ only UNESCO world heritage site?
I know my hon.
Friend is a champion for regeneration across his constituency, and he is working hard to get homes built in his patch for his constituents.
Our plan for change will deliver the biggest boost for investment in social and affordable housing in a generation, and for the first time in recent memory, we will give providers in his constituency a   decade of certainty over the capital funding to build ambitious housing projects that honour Derbyshire’s history.
The Home Secretary says that we should judge her success in smashing the gangs by whether the number of channel crossings falls, but under this Government the numbers are up by more than 30%.
By which date should we judge the Home Secretary, and if she fails, will she be fired?
The Conservatives continually vote against the measures that we are taking to smash the gangs.
We are getting on with the job, working internationally to disrupt the abhorrent work of these smugglers and gangs, while the hon.
Member harps on from the sidelines.
He should apologise for their record in government, which was abysmal.
Since becoming an MP, I have received thousands of pieces of casework from constituents who are stuck on social housing waiting lists.
I recently had an email from a woman with severe mobility issues who is effectively trapped in her front room while she waits and waits for suitable social housing.
Even when a home becomes available, she will be forced to compete with other residents because there simply are not enough affordable options.
What will the recent new funding announced by the Government mean for my constituent and others like her who have already waited too long for a decent home?