A small family business in my constituency was recently burgled by a prolific offender serving an eight-month suspended sentence.
The man was caught, arrested, charged and appeared in court, where he was given another eight-month suspended sentence and was released.
The business was offered £200 in compensation.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister think that that is justice served, or is this Government now soft on crime and soft on the causes of crime?
First of all, I am sorry to hear about that.
Hard-working businesspeople who spend a lot of their time building up a business should expect the full force of the law to protect their property and their interests.
Also, while I have the opportunity, can I congratulate the hon.
Member on running Hamble Valley’s very first pub competition this year?
I hope that I will get an invite.
He is absolutely right that we have to have increased police numbers and ensure that they are responsive to people’s concerns.
We are doing that; his Government let people down.
Saturday marked eight years since 72 people lost their lives in the Grenfell tower fire—eight years without justice.
But, finally, there is the prospect of some systemic change following the public inquiry.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to barring all the cited companies from accessing public contracts and their full support to the police investigation to deliver real accountability.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister also reassure our community that, alongside the Hillsborough law, the Government will consider some independent oversight so that victims from the Post Office to Hillsborough to Grenfell know that inquiry recommendations will actually lead to real change?
The Grenfell fire was a national tragedy, and we must never forget the 72 lives that were lost.
It was a honour to pay my respects on the eighth anniversary at the weekend.
We remain fully committed to introducing the Hillsborough law, including a legal duty of candour for public services and criminal sanctions for those who refuse to comply.
I know my hon.
Friend speaks with passion and authority on the matter and, having spoken to the Grenfell community, I know that they really want to see this happen as quickly as possible.
We are exploring reforms to ensure that we can get to the truth more quickly and deliver the meaningful change that these victims deserve.
Bishop Challoner school has been helping to educate Bromley pupils for nearly 75 years, but it will close its doors in July due to Labour’s decision to impose VAT on independent schools.
Given the Deputy Prime Minister’s well-publicised views on independent schools, does she welcome this closure or would she like to apologise to the parents, pupils and staff?
As I have said for a long time, taxpayers in this country should not be subsidising tax breaks for private schools.
I welcome all schools that give children a great education, but I am also determined to ensure we have qualified teachers in every classroom, for every child, which is something the hon.
Gentleman’s Government failed to do.
As a trained physics teacher and a former engineering lecturer, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister what this Government are doing to help people improve their maths skills after they have  left school?
I came across an awful case the other day: a 61-year-old man who believed he had counted up £7 billion of Government spending, when there was really only £27 million.
What can we do for people like the leader of Reform UK,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , who evidently cannot add up?
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
]
My hon.
Friend highlights an important fact: Reform’s sums simply do not add up.
He will be pleased to know that we are investing £136 million in skills bootcamps, and I will be sure to send the details to  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .