In Scotland, over 10,000 children are stuck in temporary accommodation, including many in my constituency.
Too many families face soaring rents, long waiting lists and dwindling options.
It is just one of so many policy failings—we are all losing count and losing patience—as public confidence in the SNP’s ability to govern collapses.
What advice does the Deputy Prime Minister have for the SNP Government as they continue to preside over a chronic failure to invest in the social and affordable housing that Scotland desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Homelessness levels are far too high, which have a devastating impact on those affected.
Under the SNP, 10,000 children in Scotland—a record high—shamefully have no fixed home to call their own.
Our decisions have given Scotland a record settlement—the largest since devolution.
We saw in Hamilton how Scots are fed up with the SNP’s excuses.
The SNP has been in power for nearly two decades and has nowhere left to hide from its failure.
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.
Welsh farmers are taking hit after hit, from Tory trade deals to Labour taxes.
Now, on top of that, bluetongue restrictions affecting Wales and England will hamper cross-border trade.
Over 550 farms on the border and key livestock markets rely on summer trading.
Once-in-a-year opportunities like the Royal Welsh Show are crucial, and the disruption will be devastating.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister commit to working with the Welsh Government on a scheme to compensate the losses?
I gently say to the hon.
Member that you do not deliver for Wales by voting against an extra £1.6 billion for public services like Plaid did in the Senedd.
We will ensure that we support Wales and Welsh farmers and will continue to do that as a UK Government.
In the spending review last week, the Government backed Peterborough with support for our new pool and a sports quarter in the city.
That commitment has the power to turn years of campaigning into a reality, but that is not all: the Government have also recently approved the business case for our new station and have given us new police.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that this is just the start and that places like Peterborough that were forgotten for too long by the Conservatives are now at the top of this Labour Government’s agenda?