As the Coast Guard's homeland and

national security responsibilities continue to expand, the men and

women of the Auxiliary have stepped up to increase their port security

patrols to provide for the defense of our Nation's and in our case

Florida's coastline and waterways.
Last year, the Flotilla 11-1 members volunteered more than 9,100

hours in support of the Coast Guard.
The group conducted ten boating

safety education classes with more than 200 graduates, including over

100 children ranging from kindergarten to fifth grade.
The group also

performed almost 150 Vessel Safety Checks to ensure recreational

boaters have all the safety gear they need to be legal and safe and

conducted more than 175 Recreational Boating Safety Program Visits to

boat equipment stores, marinas, and harborages to improve public

safety.
Flotilla 11-1 Clearwater operates under the leadership of Karen

Miller, Commander, and Betsy Scott, Vice-Commander.
The Flotilla 11-1's

officers include: Jeff Otto--Communication Services, Debbie Mallory--

Finance, Steve Bushnell-Fowler--Human Resources, Karen Miller--

Information Services, Public Affairs, and Public Education, Joe

Garisto--Materials, Mavrick Putnam--Marine Safety and Environmental

Protection, Lisa Repetto--Publications and Recreational Boating Safety

Program Visitations, Gerard Gaudry--Navigation Systems,

Tim Dolan--Operations and Rescue and Survival Systems, Mark Kolupa--

Secretary/Records, and Andre Skoinezny--Vessel Examinations.
It is my

hope that my colleagues will join me in thanking the men and women of

Clearwater Coast Guard Auxiliary Flotilla 11-1 for their 75 years of

service to our community and for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT ANDY HOPKINS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Andy ``Hop''

Hopkins of Celina, Texas, and present him with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
Andy has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our

community and country.
Andy was born in Columbus, Ohio, and he attended Plano Senior High

School.
After graduating in 1983, he joined the United States Army as

an infantryman, where he demonstrated discipline, leadership, and duty

to serving our nation.
After his Army service, Andy built and managed

several successful businesses, including a national natural products

distribution company and one of the top-performing UPS franchise in

North Texas.
He was also elected to the Celina City Council in 2015,

where his leadership as Mayor Pro Tempore and councilmember has played

a critical role in the city's rapid economic growth and development.
In addition to his public service, Andy is very involved in the North

Texas community.
He is a founding member and the current Commander of

American Legion Post 145 in Celina and serves on the Board of Directors

for the Celina Chamber of Commerce, Rodeo Celina, and the Celina Local

Business Alliance.
Andy regularly attends the First United Methodist

church in Celina and previously served on the church council.
For his

remarkable contributions to the City of Celina, Andy has received the

2022 Business of the Year

award from the Greater Celina Chamber of Commerce.
I am pleased to

recognize him today for a lifetime of public service and continued

commitment to advancing our community and nation.
It is an honor to bestow Andy with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT PUNK CARTER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Punk Carter of

Celina, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Punk has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
Originally from Sherman, Texas, Punk moved with his family to Celina

and graduated from high school there in 1965.
From a young age, he

worked on a ranch to train cutting horses and participated in numerous

cutting horse competitions.
Punk is currently a director at large for

the National Cutting Horse Association, where he previously served as

an executive board member and president.