Title: CELEBRATING TRINIDAD GOMEZ'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
75

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING TRINIDAD GOMEZ'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
PETE AGUILAR

Mr. AGUILAR.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 100th

birthday of Ms. Trinidad ``Trini'' Gomez, a constituent and friend who

has led an incredible life and made our community better and brighter

for everyone who crossed her path.
Born in Gallup, New Mexico, in 1925 as the eldest of 12 children,

Trini was no stranger to hard work.
From learning English so she could

attend school, to joining the railroad industry alongside other women

during World War II, to becoming the sole breadwinner for her household

following her husband's passing, Trini Gomez never met a challenge she

could not overcome.
As a San Bernardino resident.
Trini has had a profound impact on the

Inland Empire's culture and history.
In 1986, Trini and her late

husband, Graciano Gomez, founded the Inland Empire Hispanic News, a

newspaper that aimed to advocate for the greater Hispanic community in

the region.
The publication quickly became the largest-circulated

English-language community newspaper in the Inland Empire and had a

lasting impact on the community.
The Inland Empire Hispanic News

provided a platform for Hispanic voices, shed light on important

political and activist issues and recognized the achievements and

contributions of the Hispanic community.
After 23 years of service, the

archive of the publication became an indispensable record of Mexican

American history in the Inland Empire.
Today, I wish Trini Gomez a happy birthday and thank her for her

dedication to and love for the Inland Empire and the people who call it

home.
I hope all of us can pay tribute to her achievements and the

profound impact she has had on countless people.
May the coming year

bring Trini good health, happiness and time spent with loved ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHANCELLOR KIM WILCOX

HON.
MARK TAKANO

Mr. TAKANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Kim A.

Wilcox on his tenure as the ninth chancellor of UC Riverside.
Since

2013, he has led the university through a remarkable transformation,

turning UCR into a national model for student success and social

mobility.
Dr. Wilcox's vision brought bold expansion in research, enrollment,

graduation rates, and campus development.
He guided the creation of the

Schools of Medicine and Public Policy, grew enrollment by over 25

percent, and championed faculty diversity.
His efforts resulted in over

2 million square feet of new academic, residential, and dining space.
A passionate advocate for access and equity, Chancellor Wilcox has

made UC Riverside a hub of scientific innovation and has brought future

innovators to the Inland Empire.
Chancellor Wilcox has been a partner and friend to my office during

his tenure, and I am proud to have partnered with him to secure grants

to further the reach and impact of UC Riverside.
We have collaborated

to bring grant money from the National Science Foundation, funds from

the Chips and Science Act, and the Inflation Reduction Act back to UC

Riverside.
While we will miss his unwavering commitment to academic

excellence and thoughtful stewardship, perhaps what many of us will

miss most is the sound of his truly infectious laugh echoing throughout

the room.
It always had a way of brightening even the toughest days.
Happy retirement to Chancellor Wilcox and go Highlanders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JEROME PRESTON OWENS, JR.
HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jerome

Preston Owens, Jr., who passed away on Monday, April 21, 2025, at the

age of 85.
Jerome was born on June 28, 1939, in Jasper, Texas to Reverand Jerome

Preston, Sr.
and Louise Nichols Owens.