Jerome was preceded in death by his parents, Reverend Jerome Preston,

Sr.,
and Louise Owens, and sister, Jane Owens Griffin.
He is survived

by his wife Marilyn Fraser Owens; daughter Stacy Owens Ekstein, son-in-

law Chris Ekstein, daughter Dr. Sharla Owens Sundberg, son-in-law Dr.

Eric Sundberg; grandchildren, Bella Frances Ekstein, Sophia Marilyn

Ekstein, Savea Kenny Sundberg, Soren Jon Jerome Sundberg and Anders

Owens Sundberg, sister, Diann Owens Dotson, brother-in-law Ray Dotson;

brothers-in-law, Tom Fraser, III, and Ed Fraser, sister-in-law Jean

Fraser; and many nephews and nieces.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor my dear friend, Jerome Owens, for

his many years of faithful service to his community.
My most sincere

prayers remain with his family and friends during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed Roll Call No.
111 on

April 30, 2025.
Had I been present for Roll Call No.
111, I would have

voted NAY.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRIAN WISLER

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Mr. Brian Wisler on

his well-earned retirement after 35 years.
Mr. Wisler was hired by the Central York School District in 1990 as

an elementary physical education teacher--where he shortly after, in

May of 1991 was the creator of the Central York School District

Elementary Track meet--which was later renamed in honor of long-time

principal Jefferey Fox (who supported the initiative), to the Jefferey

Fox Track Meet.
Starting with just five events the track meet has grown

to now include myriad events including dozens of runs, javelin throws,

high jump, long jump, tug of war, softball and foxtail throws and

others--that sometimes feature entire classrooms on the field.
The incredible day of sportsmanship directed by Mr. Wisler has

positively impacted thousands of students over the years--proving his

dedication to the students of North Hills and Sinking Springs

elementary schools.
After 35 years of teaching and engaging students,

and 33 track meets, Mr. Wisler's service sets the standard by which we

should all be judged.
Mr. Speaker, I'm privileged and honored to recognize Mr. Brian Wisler

on his retirement.
I wish him and all his students Godspeed on their

future adventures.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COAST GUARD AUXILIARY CLEARWATER FLOTILLA 11-1'S 75TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Coast Guard

Auxiliary Clearwater Flotilla 11-1's 75th Anniversary.
The U.S. Coast

Guard Auxiliary was established by Congress to support the Coast Guard

with its boat safety mission.
Clearwater Flotilla 11-1's service to the

Clearwater area predates the Coast Guard's presence in the city.
Today,

though, the Auxiliary provides direct and continuing support to Coast

Guard Air Station Clearwater and to Coast Guard Station Sand Key.
This

June, the Clearwater Flotilla 11-1, celebrates its 75th anniversary of

service to the boating public throughout the Tampa Bay area.
The Coast

Guard Auxiliary and Flotilla 11-1 provide invaluable support to the

active-duty Coast Guard through a variety of non-law enforcement

programs.
These include search and rescue missions, marine

environmental patrols, youth programs, public education and safety

patrols.
Additionally, their missions include search and rescue ``call

outs'', back up marine radio coverage and near short patrols as part of

the America's Waterway Watch Program.
As the Coast Guard's homeland and

national security responsibilities continue to expand, the men and

women of the Auxiliary have stepped up to increase their port security

patrols to provide for the defense of our Nation's and in our case

Florida's coastline and waterways.
Last year, the Flotilla 11-1 members volunteered more than 9,100

hours in support of the Coast Guard.
The group conducted ten boating

safety education classes with more than 200 graduates, including over

100 children ranging from kindergarten to fifth grade.