Originally from Sherman, Texas, Punk moved with his family to Celina

and graduated from high school there in 1965.
From a young age, he

worked on a ranch to train cutting horses and participated in numerous

cutting horse competitions.
Punk is currently a director at large for

the National Cutting Horse Association, where he previously served as

an executive board member and president.
For his outstanding

contributions to the cutting horse industry, Punk was inducted into the

National Cutting Horse Members Hall of Fame and the Texas Cowboy Hall

of Fame.
He was also voted as Celina's Citizen of the Year in 2010 and

given the Key to the City in 2022.
In addition, Punk is passionate about helping individuals of all ages

from around the world learn about equines, as they are incredible

companions.
He serves as a 4A judge at cutting competitions and has

earned numerous trophies and awards over the years for his expertise

and skill in the cutting horse profession.
Punk has also won a state

cutting horse event alongside his daughter on Father's Day, making them

the first father and daughter champion duo on that special occasion.
I

am pleased to recognize Punk for his dedication to serving our

community and being an upstanding leader to those around him.
It is an honor to bestow Punk with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT WALTER HUNTER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Walter Eugene

Hunter of Celina, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot

Award.
Walter has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community

and country.
As a young man, Walter was a decorated Boy Scout and Cub Scout leader

and worked as a messenger boy for Western Union.
During the Second

World War, he heeded the call to defend our nation after witnessing the

surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, and he proudly enlisted in the United

States Marine Corps.
Walter served in combat as a Field Communications

Specialist during the grueling battles of Guadalcanal, Bougainville,

and Green Island, in which he was awarded a Unit Citation for his

meritorious actions.
He later worked in aviation electronics in North

Carolina before being honorably discharged in 1945.
During the conflict

in Korea, Walter was also briefly called back to duty from the

Reserves.
After his service, Walter has continued to be an upstanding American

citizen, patriot, and family man.
He met his late wife Irene, a US Army

cadet nurse, and they were happily married for a remarkable 77 years.
Together, they had three daughters and many more grandchildren and

great-grandchildren.
Walter earned his doctorate degree from the

University of Colorado and guided the doctoral research of 65 graduate

students at the University of Missouri.
For his excellent teaching

abilities and his students' achievements, Walter received cash awards

from the American Chemical Society, which he used to purchase science

books for the school library.
He also raised thousands of dollars to

install an FM radio station for students interested in learning radio

communications.
At the young age of 103, Walter frequently travels

across the country to spend time with his family and remains passionate

about learning.
In his free time, Walter studies science and Chaos

theory.
I am grateful for Walter's extensive contributions to our

community and country, and I wish him good health for many years to

come.
It is an honor to bestow Walter with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SUE ABDERHOLDEN FOR HER WORK ON BEHALF OF THOSE WITH

DISABILITIES AND MENTAL ILLNESSES

HON.
KELLY MORRISON

Ms. MORRISON.