Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jerome

Preston Owens, Jr., who passed away on Monday, April 21, 2025, at the

age of 85.
Jerome was born on June 28, 1939, in Jasper, Texas to Reverand Jerome

Preston, Sr.
and Louise Nichols Owens.
He graduated as Valedictorian of

his class in Jena, Louisiana, where his father was the pastor of the

First Baptist Church.
Upon graduating, he received a football

scholarship to play for Louisiana College.
Jerome then patriotically

served our country in the United States Marine Corps from 1960 to 1963.
His father served as pastor for the First Baptist Church in

Nederland, Texas, which is where Jerome met Marilyn Fraser, the love of

his life.
In 1965, Jerome's father officiated their marriage and they

began their lives together.
Jerome and Marilyn were married for almost

60 years and were blessed with two daughters named Stacey and Sharla.
He earned his Juris Doctor degree in 1969 from Baylor School of Law.
While studying at Baylor, he was actively involved in the collegiate

community, serving as a member of Alpha Chi and Senior Class President.
Jerome practiced as an attorney specializing in corporate law for

Coastal Corporation in Corpus Christi and Houston, Texas, where he

traveled extensively.
Jerome's primary devotion throughout life was for

his family.
His young daughter's drawing of him holding his suitcase

inspired him to relocate to a smaller community to have more time with

his family.
He chose to move to Woodville, Texas where he established

his own law practice and raised cattle with his father.
Truly a man with a commitment to serve others and seeking to make a

difference in the community, Jerome served as County Judge of Tyler

County for 17 years.
He then served as a Texas State District Judge and

a Texas Senior Judge.
Jerome continued to faithfully serve his

community by being a deacon and trustee of the First Baptist Church of

Woodville.
After moving to Houston, he became a deacon at Second

Baptist Church in Kingwood, Texas.
He received many awards recognizing his dedication to public service.
Jerome was named the ``Ralph W. Steen Memorial East Texan of the

Year,'' and ``Tyler County Citizen of the Year.''
For his leadership

and skills, he received the ``Award for Excellence in Community

Service,'' and the ``American Hometown Leadership Award.''
Jerome was

appointed by Governor Rick Perry to chair the Texas State Community

Development Review Committee.
Additionally, he served on the board of

trustees for East Texas Baptist University, board of directors for the

Tyler County Hospital, served as president for Deep East Texas Council

of Governments, president for Deep East Texas County Commissioners and

Judges Association, the Tyler County Bar Association, and fellow at the

Texas Bar Association.
He was also a member of the American Legion.
Jerome is remembered as ``one who loved his family and friends, for

his deep commitment to God, his unwavering integrity, his eloquent

speeches, deep wisdom, quick wit, humor and bellowing infectious

laugh.''
Jerome was highly esteemed and adored by his family and

community.
His family has said, ``He was an all-around kind of man, one

that loved sports, southern food, current events and a good joke.
He

was well versed in politics and had an answer for any question asked of

him.''
He served diligently, was a loving husband, father, and

grandfather.
Jerome was a lifetime friend and inspiration.
Jerome was preceded in death by his parents, Reverend Jerome Preston,

Sr.,
and Louise Owens, and sister, Jane Owens Griffin.
He is survived

by his wife Marilyn Fraser Owens; daughter Stacy Owens Ekstein, son-in-

law Chris Ekstein, daughter Dr. Sharla Owens Sundberg, son-in-law Dr.

Eric Sundberg; grandchildren, Bella Frances Ekstein, Sophia Marilyn

Ekstein, Savea Kenny Sundberg, Soren Jon Jerome Sundberg and Anders

Owens Sundberg, sister, Diann Owens Dotson, brother-in-law Ray Dotson;

brothers-in-law, Tom Fraser, III, and Ed Fraser, sister-in-law Jean

Fraser; and many nephews and nieces.