From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARKYEL PITTMAN

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Markyel Pittman.
Markyel Pittman hails from the vibrant city of Grenada, MS, and

boasts an impressive educational journey, having graduated from Grenada

High School, Holmes Community College, and Jackson State University.
Throughout Mr. Pittman's undergraduate tenure, he epitomized the

essence of a campus leader and community servant.
His illustrious track

record includes hold esteemed positions such as Mr. Junior, JSU and MS

NAACP Youth & College State President, Fannie-Lou-Hammer Pre-Law

Society President, Pre-Alumni Counsil President, Vice President of Men

of Excellence, Intervarsity, and Collegiate 100.
Mr. Pittman is a proud Spring 2024 Initiate of the Rho Xi Lambda

Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. Additionally, Mr. Pittman's

academic prowess has garnered his accolades such as the JSU

Presidential & Dean's Scholar, the Political Science Fannie-Lou-Hammer

Award, Golden Key Honor Society, Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society and Alpha

Kappa Mu Honor Society.
Mr. Pittman's commitment to community

empowerment is further underscored by prestigious recognitions

including the Mississippi Votes Emerging Trailblazer Award.
Mr. Pittman's dedication to public service is exemplified by his

internships in my Greenwood District Office and his current role as the

Youth Civic Engagement Coordinator for Mississippi Votes, where he

focuses on central Mississippi.
He has championed causes such as

student debt relief, serving as a vocal advocate and engaging directly

with policymakers such as Secretary of Education, Miguel Cardona.
Notably, Mr. Pittman has been a dynamic force in voter registration

drives, successfully registering over 1,000 Mississippians.
He has also

delivered impactful speeches, including as the closing speaker at the

NAACP's 114th National Convention for the youth and college division.
Mr. Pittman draws strength from his faith, firmly believing that his

voice, connections, and knowledge are divine gifts bestowed upon him to

champion the cause of the oppressed.
His guiding scripture, Romans

8:31, encapsulates his unwavering resolve: ``What then shall we say in

response to these things, if God be for us, who can be against us?''
Markyel Pittman stands as a beacon of hope and a catalyst for change

in his community and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr.

Markyel Pittman, for his dedication and tenacity to serving his

community and desire to be an example for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2024 OHIO MILITARY HALL OF FAME INDUCTEES

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, the Ohio Military Hall of Fame will hold a

ceremony at the Statehouse in Columbus on Friday, May 3, to mark the

induction of its 2024 class.
Selection for the Hall of Fame is a high

honor that has

been accorded to fewer than 500 Ohioans since 2000.
To be considered

for induction, individuals must have been decorated for heroic action

in a combat situation.
I am honored to commend to the House this year's 17 inductees:

Private First Class David F. Winder (posthumously), Army, recipient

of the Medal of Honor.
Private First Class Marcus G. Collins, Army, recipient of the Silver

Star.
Captain Stephen B. Cook (posthumously), Army, recipient of the Silver

Star.
Private First Class Henry R. ``Rick'' Hausman, Jr. (posthumously),

Army, recipient of the Silver Star.
Sergeant Gary Lee McKiddy (posthumously), Army, recipient of the

Silver Star.
Master Sergeant James Brian O'Keeffe, Army, recipient of the Silver

Star.
First Lieutenant Joseph D. O'Meara (posthumously), Army Air Corps,

recipient of the Silver Star.
Corporal Gregory A. White, Marine Corps, recipient of the Silver

Star.
Chief Warrant Officer Fourth Class Gregory R. Fleming, Army,

recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Major Arthur A. Wallace, Air Force, recipient of the Distinguished

Flying Cross.
Lieutenant Colonel Arnold W. Bokesch (posthumously), Army, recipient

of the Bronze Star with ``V'' Device.