From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 2, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 8

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and

Drug Administration, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Food and

Drug Administration.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Defense.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine alleviating administrative

burdens in health care, focusing on reducing paperwork

and cutting costs.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the urgent need to protect

immigrant youth.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of the Interior.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the

Congressional Budget Office, the Government

Accountability Office, and the Government Publishing

Office.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To receive a briefing on the Alyce Spotted Bear and

Walter Soboleff Commission's Report on Native Children.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine military and civilian

personnel programs in the Department of Defense in

review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal

Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in

review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal

Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense missile

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program.
MAY 16

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
MAY 21

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.