He is survived by his wife Sandra and their children Dianne, Deborah

(partner Antonio), John, Robert (wife Christine) and Danielle (husband

Joshua).
Doug was blessed with eleven grandchildren including Lucy,

Everett, Elaina, Ivy, Breanna, Claudia, Lydia, Sharon, Anthony, Lizzy,

and Gabe.
Doug was also a brother to Steven DeLair (wife Sally),

Stanley DeLair (wife Bertha), and John DeLair (wife Gail).
Doug was preceded in death by his parents Raymond and Evelyn

(Crumbliss) DeLair.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MISSISSIPPI CENTER FOR CULTURAL PRODUCTION

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

Mississippi Center for Cultural Production.
This organization has gone

beyond the call of duty to ensure that rural communities in Mississippi

are taken care of, and their stories are told.
The Mississippi Center for Cultural Production, also known as ``Sipp

Culture,'' is an approach and resource for cultivating thriving

communities.
Based in the rural South, Sipp Culture is honoring the

history and building the future of Rural Hinds County, especially in

the Town of Utica, MS.
Sipp Culture supports community development from the ground up

through cultural production focused on self-determination and agency

designed by them and for them.
The organization believes that history,

culture, and food affirm our individual and collective humanity.
Their

goal is to strengthen the local food system, advance health equity, and

support rural artistic voices--while activating the power of story--all

to promote the legacy and vision of Utica, MS.
At the core of it all is the unwavering belief that gathering and

sharing local stories is the best way to support safe and thriving

communities for the future.
Honoring growth, story, and imagination is

an approach that can cultivate healthy and equitable places everywhere.
For Sipp Culture, it all starts in Utica.
I firmly believe the work

Sipp Culture has done for the communities in Hinds County can be a

model for what should be done for rural communities all across the

United States of America.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing The

Mississippi Center for Cultural Production for their service to the

citizens of Mississippi.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
TOM COLE

Mr. COLE.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on

Roll Call No.
162; YEA on Roll Call No.
155; YEA on Roll Call No.
156;

YEA on Roll Call No.
157; YEA on Roll Call No.
158; YEA on Roll Call

No.
159; YEA on Roll Call No.
160; YEA on Roll Call No.
161; NAY on

Roll Call No.
170; YEA on Roll Call No.
171; NAY on Roll Call No.
168;

YEA on Roll Call No.
169; NAY on Roll Call No.
166; YEA on Roll Call

No.
167; NAY on Roll Call No.
164; and YEA on Roll Call No.
165.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT THOMAS LEISER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Thomas Leiser

of Dallas, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Thomas has dedicated himself to serving and uplifting our community.
In 1974, Thomas graduated from Indiana University and earned his

Juris Doctor from Indiana University School of Law four years later.
He

began his career as a clerk and bailiff for Marion County Criminal

Courts before being selected to serve as a Deputy Prosecutor.
In 1982,

Thomas stepped into the real estate industry and worked as an

investment advisor for Leiser Real Estate Advisory in New York City.
After a brief moment serving as an associate business law professor, he

began working for the Trammell Crow Company in Dallas and rose up its

ranks to become its Senior Managing Director.