Title: HONORING BERNARDSVILLE'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
75

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BERNARDSVILLE'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to Bernardsville on its 100th anniversary.
I am

truly grateful to be celebrating this monumental milestone with them

all.
Over the past 100 years, Bernardsville has blossomed into a vibrant

town with exquisite natural scenery, rich culture, and a bustling town

center.
Bernardsville is also home to my congressional district office,

so I can personally attest to its unique charm and history.
I am proud

to have such a remarkable town within the 7th district, and I look

forward to watching it continue to flourish in the coming decades.
I wish Bernardsville a wonderful centennial anniversary.
May their

next century be filled with as much success as this one.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARIA CONTRERAS TEBBUTT

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Maria

Contreras Tebbutt, whom I have named the 2024 Climate Crisis Champion

for Yolo County because of the important work she has done to promote

cycling as an alternative form of transponation to address the impacts

of climate change on California's 4th Congressional District.
Maria Contreras Tebbutt was born in King City, California.
She and

her husband Mark have a daughter, Nicole.
She is a graduate of Davis

High School and has lived in Davis ever since graduation.
Through her role as the Outreach Director of the Bike Campaign, Ms.

Contreras Tebbutt has educated our community about the value of

cycling.
This campaign, along with its counterpart, the Bike Garage,

was founded in 2011 to help teach people about the benefits of cycling

and encourage people to ride their bikes more.
These two locations

offer training, internships, and jobs for youths, as well as enrichment

opportunities for seniors who volunteer.
The Bike Campaign works

closely with city governments, county health departments, school

districts, and community service groups.
Her advocacy for cycling has also given Ms. Contreras Tebbutt the

opportunity to advocate on behalf of seniors and people with

disabilities.
She recently partnered with Cycling Without Age--Trishaw

Electric's assist rides program, which provides opportunities for

seniors and those with disabilities to enjoy cycling in Davis.
This

program allows those with mobility limitations to enjoy parks and green

spaces more easily.
Her work on this program has given her the

opportunity to partner with the Davis Senior Center, the Yolo Healthy

Aging Alliance, Yolo Hospice, various faith-based organizations, Rancho

Yolo, and various senior residential facilities in the county.
Ms.

Contreras Tebbutt's advocacy on behalf of cycling has meaningfully

benefited some of the most vulnerable in our community, which is

laudable.
Ms. Contreras Tebbutt's cycling work has also given her the

opportunity to connect with our local leaders.
She has built

partnerships with the City of Davis's Public Works Program, the City of

Woodland's Department of Transportation, the Woodland Chamber, the

Woodland City Council, and the Davis City Council.
She has also been an

influential voice in the planning of various community cycling events,

such as the Zombie Ride, Ice Cream Ride, and the Polar Bear Ride.
Ms. Contreras Tebbutt's life-long advocacy for cycling and its mental

and physical, as well as environmental, benefits, make her an important

community leader in combatting the climate crisis.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that Maria Contreras Tebbutt is a leader

dedicated to promoting cycling as an alternative method of

transportation.
Therefore, it is fitting that we honor her here today

as Yolo County's 2024 Climate Crisis Champion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARKYEL PITTMAN

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Markyel Pittman.