Chief Warrant Officer Fourth Class Gregory R. Fleming, Army,

recipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Major Arthur A. Wallace, Air Force, recipient of the Distinguished

Flying Cross.
Lieutenant Colonel Arnold W. Bokesch (posthumously), Army, recipient

of the Bronze Star with ``V'' Device.
Lieutenant Colonel Matthew J. France, Army, recipient of the Bronze

Star with ``V'' Device.
Lieutenant Colonel Michael R. Kelvington, Army, recipient of the

Bronze Star with ``V'' Device.
Sergeant Kent S. Knight (posthumously), Army, recipient of the Bronze

Star with ``V'' Device.
Sergeant William G. Lee, Army, recipient of the Bronze Star with

``V'' Device.
Sergeant William L. Webster, Jr., Army, recipient of the Bronze Star.
Master Sergeant Brad L. Bonnell, Army, recipient of the Army

Commendation Medal with ``V'' Device.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2024 TRUMAN SCHOLARS

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the 2024 Truman Scholars.
This year, the Foundation received 709 applications from 285

institutions.
After a review of the students records of leadership,

public service, and academic achievement the independent selection

panel selected 60 students from 54 U.S. colleges and universities to

receive this honor.
This year's nominees are: Kaylyn Ahn, Daniel Arakawa, Daniel Block,

Jackson Boaz, Christian Boudreaux, Allison Boyd, Paul Boyd, Elizabeth

Caldwell, Anna Dellit, Grant Dillivan, Juan Dills, Alex Drahos, Jane

Drinkwater, Adelaide Easter, Desaree Edwards, Ray Epstein, Gavin Fry,

Bitaniya Giday, Eli Glickman, Axel Hawkins, Lezlie Hilario, Adaure

Iwuh, Rincon Jagarlamudi, Elijah Kahlenberg, Alyssa Kemp, Lisa

Kopelnik, Aravind Krishnan, Pranav Krishnan, Kayle Lauck, Julie Ann

Laxamana, Reese Lycan, Kelsey Monaghan-Bergson, Alexandra Mork, Jackson

Morris, Laila Nasher, Yudidt Nonthe Sanchez, Tej Patel, Yadira Paz-

Martinez, CJ Peterson, Jay Philbrick, Marley Ramon, Thomas Riggs,

Camila Rios-Picorelli, Edwin Santos, Diego Sarmiento, Isaac Seiler,

Albiona Selimi, Jahnee Smith, Jaiden Stansberry, Sophia Stewart,

Anitvir Taunque, Alex Taylor, Wena Teng, Mikayla Tillery, Grace

Truslow, Lee Waldman, Ella Weber, Trenton White, Mielad Ziaee, Zane

Zupan.
Established in 1975, the Truman Foundation is the Nation's living

memorial to the thirty-third president.
According to the foundation's

website their mission is to recognize aspiring leaders at an important

inflection point in their

development.
Students are recognized in their junior year and rewarded

for their aspirations to enter public service.
After being selected,

students receive a scholarship for graduate or professional school,

participate in leadership development activities, and have special

opportunities for internships and employment with the federal

government.
Congratulations to all of this year's nominees, and I look forward to

seeing where each of them go in their future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DOUGLAS D. DELAIR

HON.
COLIN Z. ALLRED

Mr. ALLRED.
Mr. Speaker, on April 18, 2024, Douglas `'Doug'' D.

DeLair, died in Lincoln, Nebraska at the age of 81.
He was born on

December 12, 1942, in Oakland, California, to the late Raymond DeLair

and Evelyn (Crumbliss) DeLair.
A distinguished captain in the United States Marine Corps during the

Vietnam War, Doug served admirably as a helicopter pilot.
His disciplined spirit later guided his fulfilling career in

bankruptcy law in Lincoln, Nebraska alongside his beloved wife, Sandra

DeLair.
Beyond his professional achievements, Doug was a devoted bowler and

golfer, his sportsmanship and enthusiasm endearing him to many.
Doug will be remembered not just for his achievements but for his

generous heart, sharp wit, and the unwavering support he provided to

his friends and family.
He was a pillar

in his community, often volunteering his time and legal expertise to

those in need.
He is survived by his wife Sandra and their children Dianne, Deborah

(partner Antonio), John, Robert (wife Christine) and Danielle (husband

Joshua).
Doug was blessed with eleven grandchildren including Lucy,

Everett, Elaina, Ivy, Breanna, Claudia, Lydia, Sharon, Anthony, Lizzy,

and Gabe.
Doug was also a brother to Steven DeLair (wife Sally),

Stanley DeLair (wife Bertha), and John DeLair (wife Gail).