He

began his career as a clerk and bailiff for Marion County Criminal

Courts before being selected to serve as a Deputy Prosecutor.
In 1982,

Thomas stepped into the real estate industry and worked as an

investment advisor for Leiser Real Estate Advisory in New York City.
After a brief moment serving as an associate business law professor, he

began working for the Trammell Crow Company in Dallas and rose up its

ranks to become its Senior Managing Director.
With plenty of experience

in the commercial real estate market, Thomas co-founded Bandera

Ventures in 2003.
Since then, his agency has completed over a hundred

real estate projects throughout the United States worth nearly $3

billion dollars.
Currently, Thomas is working on a billion-dollar

project to construct a data center.
Separately, Thomas has supported numerous humanitarian initiatives

around the world.
He worked closely with the Agape Manna nonprofit to

develop a bakery to provide orphaned children in North Korea with food.
Thomas also supported efforts to help North Koreans seek freedom from

the Communist regime and begin a new chapter in life in South Korea.
He

is the co-founder of Crosswater Ministries, which supports Mission

activities for the Highland Park Presbyterian Church to deliver food

and medical supplies to Cuban families.
I am proud of the outstanding

work Thomas has accomplished for our community and those in need.
I

wish him continued success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Thomas with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LARISSA BATRES LINARES

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Larissa Batres

Linares for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Larissa has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Larissa, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Larissa's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Larissa Batres Linares on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NICHOLAS GERACI ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special

tribute to an outstanding student from Ohio's Fifth Congressional

District.
I am pleased to announce that Nicholas Geraci of North

Ridgeville, Ohio, has been offered an appointment to the United States

Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Nicholas's offer of appointment permits him to attend the United

States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2028.
Attending one of our Nation's military academies offers the opportunity

to serve our country and receive a world-class education.
At the same

time, these young men and women undertake one of the most challenging

and rewarding experiences of their lives.
Nicholas brings a tremendous amount of leadership, service, and

dedication to the incoming Class of 2028.
While attending North

Ridgeville High School, he participated in Key Club, coached middle

school track and field, coached powder-puff football, and was on the

honor roll.
Throughout high school, Nicholas was involved in track and

field, earning his varsity letter.
After high school, he attended the

University of Akron in Akron, Ohio, majoring in Aerospace Engineering.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating

Nicholas Geraci on his offer of appointment to the United States Air

Force Academy.