Throughout high school, Nicholas was involved in track and

field, earning his varsity letter.
After high school, he attended the

University of Akron in Akron, Ohio, majoring in Aerospace Engineering.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating

Nicholas Geraci on his offer of appointment to the United States Air

Force Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training

and education available, and I am positive that Nicholas will excel

during his career at the Air Force Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join

me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to

our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2024 BURKE VOLUNTEER FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Burke Volunteer

Fire and Rescue Department on the occasion of its 76th Annual

Installation of Officers Banquet, and to thank its volunteers for

filling an essential role in keeping our community safe.
The Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department was founded in January

1948, and for more than seven decades it has provided lifesaving fire

suppression, fire prevention, and emergency medical and rescue services

to the residents of Burke and the surrounding communities.
It also

provides, houses, and maintains firefighting and emergency medical

equipment, provides opportunities for professional growth and

development for the membership, and maintains and fosters a strong

viable organization.
As one of the county's most active volunteer fire and rescue

departments, the Burke Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department works in

cooperation with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department to serve

the community.
I am honored to recognize the dedicated men and women of

the Burke Volunteer Fire Department who have volunteered for extra duty

as Officers or as members of the Board of Directors and to include in

the Record their names:

Board of Directors:

President--Ian Dickinson

Vice President--John Powers

Secretary--Maria Suarez Ortiz

Treasurer--Larry Bocknek

Board Member--Kathleen Beer

Board Member--James Stahlman

Board Member--Kenneth Senn

Officers:

Chief--Keith O'Connor

Deputy Chief--Tina Godfrey

Deputy Chief--John Hudak

Captain II--Melissa Ashby

Captain II--Kevin Grottle

Lieutenant--Caitlin Edwards

Sergeant--Gavin Kuzemchak

Quartermaster--Chuck Fry

In addition to the men and women who have generously assumed the

responsibilities of serving as an Officer or a member of the Board of

Directors, the Burke Volunteer Fire Department is also presenting

awards to the following individuals in recognition of their exemplary

service during the last year:

Rookie of the Year--Damion Jedlicka

Officer of the Year--Kevin Grottle

EMS Officer of the Year--Garrett Canterbury

Career Member of the Year--Tony Albertson

Administrative Member of the Year--Nancy Stone

President's Award--Gary Shiple

Team Award--75th Banquet Committee; Larry Bocknek, Tina Godfrey,

Maria Suarez-Ortiz, and Shaun Kurry

Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the

department for 76 years of service and in thanking all of the brave

volunteers who do not hesitate to drop everything when the community

calls in need of help.
To all of these men and women who put themselves

in harm's way to protect our residents I say: ``Stay safe.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.