The ``national security and other vital national

interests'' alluded to in the article were the interest of

the United States in supporting, militarily and

diplomatically, a country threatened, and indeed physically

invaded, by Russia, a longstanding geopolitical opponent of

the United States, together with the interest of the United

States in preventing Russian territorial expansion up to the

borders of the countries of the NATO alliance.
These objectives had been endorsed as national security

interests of the United States over multiple presidential

administrations through repeated bipartisan approval of

legislation authorizing military and security aid to Ukraine.
They were also endorsed by the entire diplomatic and national

security apparatus of the U.S government before and during

the Trump Administration itself.
For example, when Trump's

White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) placed a

hold on congressionally mandated aid to Ukraine in the July

2019 as part of President Trump's scheme to coerce Ukraine,

every relevant agency of Trump's own administration except

OMB questioned the hold and supported military assistance to

Ukraine as being in the national security interest of the

United States.
Thus, Trump's first impeachment precisely matches the

template for ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy

interests'' described above.
First, the foreign policy interests of the United States in

that case were enduring interests embraced by multiple

presidential administrations, endorsed by the foreign policy

professionals of the executive branch, and manifested in

bipartisan legislation enacted by multiple U.S. congresses.
Second, and critically, the ``betrayal'' of U.S. interests

consisted of subverting the national interest for

illegitimate personal motives--securing a personal political

advantage over a potential political rival.
In Trump's case,

the betrayal was doubly severe because it amounted to an

effort to use presidential power to corrupt the democratic

electoral process.
Secretary Mayorkas: Nothing alleged against Secretary

Mayorkas meets the traditional criteria for impeachment based

on ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
The

most that can be said against him is that he has executed the

policy preferences of President Joe Biden in relation to

immigration and border control issues and that the political

party in control of the House of Representatives disapproves

of those policy preferences.
There is no indication that the

Secretary's actions, or indeed the Biden Administration's

policy choices, are contrary to established national foreign

policy interests.
To the contrary, U.S. policy regarding

immigration and border control has varied from administration

to administration and congress to congress as the challenges,

needs, and preferences of the country have varied.
More

importantly, there is absolutely no indication that Secretary

Mayorkas has taken any official action for corrupt or

illegitimate personal motives.
To repeat the central point, ordinary policy differences

between a presidential administration and the opposing

political party do not become impeachable simply because the

subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather than

domestic, policy.
Question #3 from Mr. Thompson: Rep. Crane suggested that

Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the Nation, and that betrayal

of the nation would be sufficient to warrant impeachment.
Are

you aware of any evidence that Secretary Mayorkas has

betrayed the United States?
And Rep. Crane further suggested

that you said ``betrayal of the Nation'' is a potential

ground for impeachment, whereas you actually said ``betrayal

of the nation's foreign policy interests'' is a ground for

impeachment.
What precisely did you mean?
I did not say in my testimony to the Committee or elsewhere

that that ``betrayal of the nation'' is a ground for

impeachment.
I have agreed with Charles Black that one decent

definition of ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' that covers

most cases is offenses ``which are extremely serious, which

in some way corrupt or subvert the political and governmental

process, and which are plainly wrong in themselves to a

person of honor, or to a good citizen, regardless of words on

the statute books.''
Nothing alleged against Secretary

Mayorkas meets this general definition of impeachable

conduct.