Title: CELEBRATING JAMES BLANTON'S RETIREMENT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
24

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING JAMES BLANTON'S RETIREMENT

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the retirement of

James Blanton after his incredible 35 years in law enforcement.
James' journey started in 1989 as a Patrol Sergeant and Criminal

Investigator for the Caldwell County Sheriff's Department, where he

played an important role in the CAPCO Drug Task Force and solidified

his reputation as a trusted law enforcement professional.
His career

brought him through a variety of roles, including Investigator for the

Bastrop County Sheriff's Department, Deputy for the Comal County

Sheriff's Department, and Deputy Constable for Precinct 2 in Hays

County.
In each and every assignment, James' integrity and professionalism

stood out among his colleagues--leading to a decorated career.
Most

notably, James has been awarded with the Master Peace Officer

classification by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement, recognizing

his excellence in the field.
But more than any award or career

achievement, James is known for his character, and his respect for all

individuals he encountered during his service.
His unwavering

commitment to serving his community marks truly a job well done, and a

life well lived.
As James embarks on this new chapter of his life, it is my honor to

recognize his remarkable service and dedication.
I join the communities

James has served in thanking him for his years of service.
May God

bless him and his family in the months and years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MARTHA TICE'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate Mrs.

Martha Tice's 100th birthday.
Born on February 11, 1924, Martha hails from the wonderful South

Texas town of Sinton in my district.
A retired schoolteacher, she is

well known throughout the community for her selfless heart, as the

proud matriarch of her loving family, and someone who still takes every

opportunity to give back to others.
Martha and her late husband, Henry,

raised their two daughters in Sinton and have been blessed with five

grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren.
On this truly wonderful occasion, I join her family and the whole

Sinton community in wishing Martha Tice a wonderful 100th birthday.
May

God continue to bless her and her family in the months and years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANN MARIE MILLER

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

honor the career and accomplishments of Ann Marie Miller, a committed

advocate for the arts, as she marks the closing of a 28-year career

tenure that has shaped the art sector within New Jersey.
Raised in East

Brunswick, Ann Marie Miller was inspired by a strong high school arts

program to become an art teacher.
She graduated from Moore College of

Art and Design with a Bachelor of Science in arts education and taught

visual art in both public and private settings.
Her 28-year journey has been nothing short of extraordinary, leaving

an indelible mark on the cultural tapestry of New Jersey.
I applaud Ann

Marie's dedication and she has most definitely made a significant

impact in the arts community.
I wish Ann Marie a peaceful retirement filled with joy, relaxation

and cherished moments spent with loved ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF JANE A. WITTMEYER

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor the life of Jane A.

Wittmeyer, a woman who was deeply dedicated to giving back to our great

state of Idaho.
The passing of Jane on October 25, 2023, after bravely

battling Alzheimer's, is deeply felt by many.