Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor the life of Jane A.

Wittmeyer, a woman who was deeply dedicated to giving back to our great

state of Idaho.
The passing of Jane on October 25, 2023, after bravely

battling Alzheimer's, is deeply felt by many.
Born in Kansas City and raised in Platte City, Jane was known for

insatiable curiosity and love for life.
She graduated from Platte High

School in 1973 and went to pursue her passion of Horticulture at Kansas

State University, earning her BS degree.
Jane furthered her education

achieving an MBA in International Relations from George Washington

University followed by a PhD from Virginia Tech University.
Her passion

for learning led her to completing Senior Managers in Government

Courses from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government in

addition to the Library of Congress's Staff Training courses,

In pursuit of her dreams, Jane relocated to Weiser, Idaho, where she

found fulfillment with her career and community.
She was instrumental

in establishing the first Young Republicans chapter in Payette County,

showing her dedication to civic engagement and leadership.
Throughout her life, Jane radiated positivity and joy, even in the

face of adversity.
Despite her battle, she continued to find joy by

being surrounded by family.
Jane will be dearly missed by her husband,

Brent Olmstead, children Tyler Gorsuch, Katie Gorsuch, stepsons Jacob

Olmstead, Berkley Olmstead, and Murphy Olmstead, siblings John

Wittmeyer, Mary Andra, and Mark Wittmeyer.
She was preceded in death by

her parents Ralph and Lucy Wittmeyer and her sister Julie Wittmeyer.
Jane's impact on those around her was immeasurable, and her memory

will live on in the hearts of all who knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF MAX BLACK

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Max Clark

Black.
Max passed away surrounded by loved ones on November 10, 2023.
He leaves behind a legacy of public service, having served 20 years as

a Representative in the Idaho State Legislature, where I had the

pleasure of serving alongside him.
Max was a dedicated husband of 62 years to Clydene Salmon Black and a

loving father to Jeffrey, Gary, and Wendi.
A lifelong learner and

passionate historian, Max enjoyed crafting wooden items and was a

devoted fan of Boise State University athletics.
Max is survived by his wife, Clydene Salmon Black, children Jeffrey

Clyde Black, (Deanna Black), Gary Ernest Black (Kyra Burstedt Black),

and Wendi Black Cleverly (Kyle G. Cleverly), 9 grandchildren, and

numerous relatives.
He was preceded in death by his parents, sisters

Reveau Black and Bonnie Black Edwards, his brothers Keith Ernest Black

and Shirl R. Black, his brother-in-law Gordon Eugene Edwards and his

sister-in-law Shari Lyn Draper Black, nephews Robert Kim Black, Matthew

Shirl Black, and Gregory Dale Kehl.
Max will be remembered not only for his professional achievements,

but his unwavering devotion to his faith, family, and community.
His

presence will be deeply missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VIVIAN MARTAIN

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise today to honor the

exceptional career of Ms. Vivian Martain.
Ms. Martain is retiring at

age 81 after spending over five decades working to service our St.

Louis community.
Ms. Martain's commitment to service is evident in each of her

pursuits.
Since 2018, she has served as the Diversity, Equity, and

Inclusion Compliance Officer and Project Pave Administrator at

Millstone Weber.
In 2019, Ms. Martain became Millstone Weber's first

Civil Rights Compliance Manager, where she worked to ensure that

minority contractors were represented on the massive I-270 North

Project.
Prior to that, she served a 14-year term as Executive Director

of the Construction Prep Center.