I did not say in my testimony to the Committee or elsewhere

that that ``betrayal of the nation'' is a ground for

impeachment.
I have agreed with Charles Black that one decent

definition of ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' that covers

most cases is offenses ``which are extremely serious, which

in some way corrupt or subvert the political and governmental

process, and which are plainly wrong in themselves to a

person of honor, or to a good citizen, regardless of words on

the statute books.''
Nothing alleged against Secretary

Mayorkas meets this general definition of impeachable

conduct.
I have also written that one specific category of

impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' is ``betrayal of

the nation's foreign policy interests.''
In my previous

answer, I explain what is meant by that phrase for purposes

of impeachment and I demonstrate why Secretary Mayorkas'

conduct does not fall within it.
Finally, I am aware of no evidence that Secretary Mayorkas

has betrayed the nation.
To the contrary, based on the facts

of which I am aware, Secretary Mayorkas appears to be a

capable, dedicated public servant trying as best he can to

carry out the policy priorities of the President of the

United States and to manage the perennial and intractable

problems related to immigration and control of the U.S.

southern border.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMERICA'S CREDIT UNIONS

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the importance of

credit unions in the competitive financial services marketplace.
I

especially appreciate the 263 credit unions and their 14 million

members in my state of California.
The country's two storied trade associations, the Credit Union

National Association and the National Association of Federally-Insured

Credit Unions are now merged into a new organization called ``America's

Credit Unions.''
As a long-time credit union member and supporter, I appreciate the

difference between credit unions and banks.
Credit unions are not-for-

profit financial cooperatives that are democratically controlled.
Every member, regardless of how much they have in savings or loans at

a credit union, has an equal voice and vote in the governance of their

credit union.
There are no outside stockholders and no motive for the

credit union's leadership to gouge the membership or provide poor

member service.
In fact, credit unions consistently rank as the most popular form of

depository institutions in America.
So today I congratulate the

unification of the two national credit union advocacy organizations and

I expect great things to come from this newly-minted trade organization

called ``America's Credit Unions.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PHOENIX OASIS

HON.
PAUL A. GOSAR

Mr. GOSAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the good work of a

Phoenix-based veterans care facility called Phoenix Oasis.
Phoenix

Oasis, headed by its Director Anthony Pfeffer, demonstrated its

commitment to our veterans and offered key assistance to U.S. Vets-

Phoenix.
When U.S. Vets lost its lease, but did not yet have a new

facility ready, Phoenix Oasis stepped in and allowed U.S. Vets to

continue serving veterans.
U.S. Vets stayed and offered services to

veterans for months after the lease had expired, and in that way,

Phoenix Oasis allowed veterans in need to have continuity of care in a

stable and supportive environment.
Indeed, Mr. Pfeffer prioritized providing assistance to U.S. Vets

notwithstanding the needs of his own program at Phoenix Oasis.
The

veterans served by U.S. Vets benefitted tremendously by this

compassionate effort and the sacrifices made by Phoenix Oasis and Mr.

Pfeffer.
It is commendable that Mr. Pfeffer and Phoenix Oasis take their

responsibilities to our veterans so deeply and personally.
It is rare

these days to see that level of commitment and I applaud them in so

doing.
It is also the 10th anniversary of the founding of Phoenix Oasis.