Since 2018, she has served as the Diversity, Equity, and

Inclusion Compliance Officer and Project Pave Administrator at

Millstone Weber.
In 2019, Ms. Martain became Millstone Weber's first

Civil Rights Compliance Manager, where she worked to ensure that

minority contractors were represented on the massive I-270 North

Project.
Prior to that, she served a 14-year term as Executive Director

of the Construction Prep Center.
As the chief architect of Millstone Weber's Project PAVE Initiative,

she strived to guide, educate, and support students in North St. Louis

County high schools and encourage them to pursue careers in heavy

design, engineering, and construction.
Ms. Martain fondly recounts

stories of every single student and how each of them excelled after

being in the program.
Ms. Martain has committed her professional life to serving the people

of Missouri, and her retirement signifies a well-deserved reprieve from

her tireless service.
The impact of Ms. Martain's work is immeasurable.
We thank her for an unwavering dedication to public service and

congratulate her on an outstanding career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IMPEACHING ALEJANDRO NICHOLAS MAYORKAS, SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY,

FOR HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS

speech of

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, extreme MAGA Republicans

have engaged in a cynical and unserious attempt to impeach Homeland

Security Secretary Mayorkas.
Their report to accompany H. Res.
863

resorted to sloppy misrepresentations in an attempt to justify this

baseless, political stunt.
For example, the report misquoted Professor Frank Bowman, who

testified before the Committee on Homeland Security on January 10,

2024.
Professor Bowman testified that the Constitution did not support

the impeachment of Secretary Mayorkas over mere policy differences.
The

majority report, however, twists a passage of Professor Bowman's book

on impeachment and uses it out of context to suggest policy differences

were grounds for impeachment.
Republicans also tried to misrepresent Professor Bowman's writings

during the hearing, but they did not afford Professor Bowman an

opportunity to explain his work.
I submitted clarifying questions to

Professor Bowman to supplement the hearing record, but the majority did

not transmit those questions to Professor Bowman before the legislative

report was filed in the House.
I include in the Record Professor Bowman's responses to my questions

to make the professor's thoughts on impeachment over policy differences

abundantly clear, since the Republican majority cannot be bothered to

conduct a proper investigation with a complete record.
Committee on Homeland Security, U.S. House of Representatives

Responses to Supplemental Questions

Frank O. Bowman III, University of Missouri Curators' Distinguished

Professor Emeritus, Floyd R. Gibson Missouri Endowed Professor Emeritus

(Academic titles provided for identification purposes only.
The

opinions expressed herein are those of the author, do not reflect those

of any other person or entity, and are not endorsed by the University

of Missouri.)
Question #1 from Mr. Thompson: Republicans have portrayed

your previous academic writing as confirming their position

that mere policy differences may be a ground for impeachment.
In particular, that ``displeasure with administration

personnel and policy'' may be sufficient to warrant

impeachment.
Is that correct?
I have never written that mere policy differences would be

an adequate ground for impeachment.
To the contrary, I join

with the consensus view of constitutional scholars that

ordinary policy differences are not a proper ground for

impeachment.
Indeed, this general principle is particularly

applicable to a disagreement on policy between a presidential

administration and a political party controlling only one

house of Congress, and that by the very narrowest of margins.
The quotation to which the question alludes, one mentioned

by Chairman Green and Rep. Bishop, occurs in the final

paragraph of Chapter 4 of the second edition of my book, High

Crimes & Misdemeanors: A History of Impeachment for the Age

of Trump (Cambridge Univ.
Press 2023).
Both congressmen take

the snippet of text they quote entirely out of context.