The quotation to which the question alludes, one mentioned

by Chairman Green and Rep. Bishop, occurs in the final

paragraph of Chapter 4 of the second edition of my book, High

Crimes & Misdemeanors: A History of Impeachment for the Age

of Trump (Cambridge Univ.
Press 2023).
Both congressmen take

the snippet of text they quote entirely out of context.
In the referenced section of Chapter 4, I discuss the only

prior impeachment of a U.S. cabinet officer, President

Ulysses Grant's Secretary of War, William Belknap.
Prior to

the quoted passage, I explained why no cabinet officer before

or after Belknap has been impeached.
The primary, and

obvious, reason is that, as I wrote, any cabinet officer

``whose behavior veered anywhere near an impeachable zone''

was simply removed by the President.
Which is what happened

to Belknap.
He took a bribe.
When President Grant found out,

he fired Belknap.
But the House, controlled by Democrats for

the first time since the Civil War, impeached the Secretary

anyway as a means of politically damaging President Grant and

by extension the Republicans in the upcoming 1876 election.
In the final paragraph of Chapter 4, I was, of course, not

saying that mere ``displeasure'' with either a person or a

policy is a constitutionally acceptable ground for

impeachment.
Rather, when a subordinate official has actually

committed ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes and

misdemeanors''

(as Secretary of War Belknap incontestably did), Congress

might elect to proceed with impeachment to signal its

displeasure.
Secretary Mayorkas has not committed any impeachable

offense.
Impeaching a cabinet officer innocent of ``treason,

bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors'' to indicate

displeasure with administration policy or the officer's

administration of that policy would be a profoundly anti-

constitutional act.
Question #2 from Mr. Thompson: In the past, you have

written that impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' can

be interpreted to include ``serious executive misconduct,

including . . .
betrayal of the nation's foreign policy

interests'' such as when a president subordinates the

nation's interests to foreign interests.
Republican Rep.

Guest suggested that you have written in the past about

foreign policy differences as grounds for the first

impeachment of President Trump--what you describe as Trump's

``rolling destruction of American foreign policy''--and that

your past writing contradicts your testimony at the January

10, 2024, hearing.
Are foreign policy differences an

impeachable offense, and how do foreign policy differences

differ from ordinary policy differences?
I have written that one of the accepted historical

categories of impeachable conduct, in both the pre-1787

United Kingdom and in the United States, has been ``betrayal

of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
However, in

saying this, I was obviously not saying that ordinary policy

differences between a presidential administration and the

opposing political party become impeachable simply because

the subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather

than domestic, policy.
To the contrary, long precedent establishes that, in the

U.S. impeachment context, ``betrayal of the nation's foreign

policy interests'' has had certain identifying features.
First, for impeachment purposes, a nation's ``foreign

policy interests'' are not merely the transient preferences

of a political party or faction.
Rather, they are enduring

interests about which there is a broad societal consensus,

ideally one embodied in statutes, treaties, the practice of

multiple presidential administrations, and (where applicable)

the views of a nation's diplomats, foreign policy experts or

professionals.
Second, the word ``betrayal'' implies, not merely changing

policy or adopting policy views contrary to one's political

adversaries, but subverting the national interest for

illegitimate, often personal, motives.
British impeachments that illustrate these features include

the following.
In 1667, after an expensive and unnecessary war with the

Dutch, the Earl of Clarendon was impeached in part for

seeking payments from France to the British crown to evade

parliamentary controls on royal finance.