Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to thank Secretary of the Navy Carlos Del Toro for exonerating the Port Chicago 50 after a second review of their case since 1994, correcting 80 years of injustice.
As the Congressman for Port Chicago, California, I am pleased that justice delayed is no longer justice denied for these American veterans of World War II and their families.
On July 17, 1944, a tragic munitions explosion at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine killed 320 sailors and civilian workers, the majority of whom were African American.
While white officers were given time off following the accident, white Navy officers ordered African American sailors to return to work in the same unsafe conditions that killed their fellow servicemembers.
When 50 of these men refused, they were wrongfully charged with mutiny and convicted in a hastily conducted trial overshadowed by the scourge of racism.
The convictions of the Port Chicago 50 were not just a miscarriage of justice; they were emblematic of the broader racial prejudice that African Americans faced within the military and society at large, even while serving in their country's uniform or contributing to the war effort on the Homefront as civilian workers.
These men stood against dangerous conditions and racial discrimination, maintaining their innocence up until their deaths decades later.
Public outrage over their Navy trail and conviction lead to the U.S. Navy becoming the first military service branch to officially desegregate in 1946, helping to civil rights for all Americans.
President Truman ordered the desegregation of all U.S. military service branches in 1948.
In 1999, President Clinton pardoned Freddie Meeks, one of the three surviving sailors of the Port Chicago 50 and the only to request one.
The two other surviving sailors declined a presidential pardon, refusing to ask for clemency for a crime for which they were wrongfully convicted.
All three men have since passed away.
Exoneration of the Port Chicago 50 is a long overdue step in addressing historical injustices and affirming our national commitment to equality for all service members and all Americans regardless of race or creed.
Now, 80 years later, the families of the Port Chicago 50 finally have closure and justice.
I am proud to stand with the families of these World War II veterans and my colleagues, Representatives Mark DeSaulnier and Barbara Lee, in celebrating this historic moment.
By exonerating them, we honor their memory and rightful place in American history, ensuring their legacy is remembered with dignity and as early leaders who helped to inspire what later became the American civil rights movement.