Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I take this time to recognize Sandra Noe and to congratulate her on her retirement from her position as Chief Executive Officer of Meals on Wheels.
Sandra's efforts to improve the qualityof-life for the aging community and those faced with disabilities throughout Northwest Indiana make her worthy of the utmost praise and our sincere gratitude.
For her 38 years of unwavering dedication to the organization, Sandra will be honored at a retirement celebration taking place on Friday, July 19, 2024.
Since its humble beginnings in 1977, Meals on Wheels of Northwest Indiana has seen consistent growth, and its immense impact has been a source of pride throughout the community.
During her illustrious tenure, Sandra has been instrumental in every aspect of the organization, from managing human resources to developing computer programs for food purchases and inventory control to assisting in a building expansion to construct two central kitchens.
A testament to Sandra's outstanding leadership, Meals on Wheels of Northwest Indiana now delivers more than 2,000 meals each day to children and adults throughout the region and recently reached an incredible milestone, having served its 9 millionth meal.
Under Sandra's direction, the organization has continued to thrive, and we as a community are truly grateful for her service.
In addition to her impressive career, Sandra has dedicated much of her time to charitable endeavors and organizations throughout the region.
She has served on advisory boards for the Indiana University Northwest School of Public and Environmental Affairs, the advisory committee for Northwest Indiana Community Action, and as a board member and finance committee member for Meals on Wheels America.
Notably, Sandra is a proud founding member of the board of the 219 Health Network, and she was named the 2015 recipient of the Influential Woman Influential Women Association, a prestigious accolade befitting her noteworthy career.