Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding career and lasting contributions of a visionary educator and leader-- Dr. Craig Witherspoon.
Over nearly four decades in public education, including ten transformative years as Superintendent of Richland County School District One in Columbia, South Carolina, Dr. Witherspoon has been a tireless champion for student achievement, equity, and innovation.
His work has elevated not only the schools he served, but the communities they anchor.
Dr. Witherspoon began his career as an instrumental music teacher and steadily rose through the ranks as a principal, instructional leader, and superintendent, with service in four states--Virginia, North Carolina, Alabama, and South Carolina.
He took the helm of Richland One in 2015, leading a diverse, urban-suburban-rural district serving more than 22,000 students and employing 4,000 educators and staff.
Under his leadership, Richland One became a statewide and national model of innovation.
The district launched South Carolina's first Virtual School Program for high school students, as well as the state's first high school commercial driver's license (CDL) training program and firefighter training program.
It was also the first in the state to offer all 16 nationally recognized career clusters and establish a certified pre-apprenticeship program.
His focus on early childhood education expanded pre-K access and launched the ``ThriveRichland'' initiative for school readiness.
Dr. Witherspoon guided the district through the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementing a comprehensive reopening plan to ensure students could return safely to in-person instruction.
Throughout his tenure, the district intensified family engagement, boosted graduation rates beyond the state average, and received system-wide accreditation with top-tier evaluation scores.
He also prioritized summer learning through the district's Summer SOAR program and oversaw over $30 million in federal magnet school grants, as well as major investments in school facilities--from upgraded athletic stadiums to new academic wings focused on culinary arts, Montessori, and language immersion.
Dr. Witherspoon's leadership was recognized with numerous awards, including 2024 Superintendent of the Year by the South Carolina Alliance of Black School Educators, 2022 Superintendent of the Year by the S.C. Athletic Administrators Association, and Administrator of the Year by several professional education associations.
Under his guidance, the district and its schools received a remarkable list of accolades--from National Blue Ribbon recognition to national awards for health, energy conservation, and inclusive education.