Sir Wyn’s report recaps the progress made in delivering compensation.
He notes our repeated commitment, which I reiterate again, that that compensation should be full and fair.
He notes allegations from some lawyers that there are impediments to providing such compensation, but says that he cannot see any legal reason why we cannot deliver our commitment.
He is right, and that commitment will be delivered.
Sir Wyn’s first four recommendations deal with the advisory board, of which the right hon.
Gentleman is a member.
As he knows, the board was established at the instigation of my Department, and its composition and remit were extended as a result of discussions between Ministers, officials, himself and the rest of the board.
It has already performed a very valuable service.
Notably, its last meeting made recommendations about an appeals process independent of the Post Office.
We are considering that recommendation and will reply in due course.
Sir Wyn also refers to the tax treatment of compensation payments.
The right hon.
Member will acknowledge that when we worked with him and the board on that matter, it resulted in £26 million of additional payments in the historic shortfall scheme, and exemptions from income tax, capital gains tax and national insurance contributions.
Sir Wyn also suggests that we should legislate to extend the deadline for the group litigation order compensation scheme.
As we have stated, we will not let an arbitrary date stand in the way of paying full and fair compensation to postmasters.
As compensation is being delivered under the sole authority of the Appropriation Act, spending on it is limited to a two-year window that closes in August next year.
The Government are determined to deliver compensation by that date.
That remains perfectly possible, but challenging.
If it seems likely that we will not be able to compensate everyone in time, we shall of course consider legislation, as Sir Wyn recommends.
I want to deliver by that date not for some legalistic reason, but in the interests of postmasters who have waited too long for justice.
May I start by declaring an interest, as a member of the Horizon compensation advisory board?
I thank the Minister for his remarks and for the positive and constructive approach with which he has addressed this issue.
I also thank Sir Wyn and the inquiry for their ongoing work.
I agree with many of Sir Wyn’s recommendations.
I would be interested to know exactly  when they will be responded to, especially because a lot of them were in the note that the advisory board sent to the Minister at the last meeting.
The three compensation schemes have become unwieldy, but the fundamental point is that equal and fair compensation has to be paid to all the people across the three schemes.
I would be interested to know from the Minister when the recommendations will be addressed, particularly on extending the remit of the advisory board.
I accept what he says: our aim—and certainly his—is to get compensation to people as quickly as possible.
The elephant in the room that needs to be addressed is the continued obstructive role of the Post Office.
I found it remarkable that yesterday on BBC radio, the chief executive, Nick Read, said that the “sheer scale” of the problem has “gone above and beyond anything that anybody could realistically expect”.
That begs the question of what he has been doing for the last four years and why he has been accepting bonuses for his and his management’s role in the inquiry.
The inquiry was stalled last week because again, the Post Office failed to disclose documents to it.
When is this issue going to be dealt with?
It either gets dealt with, or Nick Read and the entire board have to be sacked.
The Minister knows, because he has met many of the people who are waiting for compensation, that they have gone through a lot.
They need justice, and they need action.
Ill-conceived comments from the present chief executive of the Post Office are rubbing salt in the wounds of the victims.
Either he has to go, or something has to radically change at the Post Office.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his work.
He is right to say that there are three schemes, which might be described as suboptimal.
As Sir Wyn has said on this occasion and previous occasions, we are where we find ourselves, and we must push on.
That is the easiest way and the best way to get compensation for those affected.
I referred in my initial remarks to the request that the right hon.
Gentleman has made for an appeal mechanism.
We are considering that carefully.
I think he would acknowledge that whenever he has come to me with something that he thinks we should consider, we have always done that and are keen to deliver the mechanisms that the board requires.
The delays in disclosure were unacceptable, without question, and the Post Office has apologised for that.
You are only as good as your last game, and the Post Office has to up its game; there is no doubt about it.
We have a governance review into earlier issues around remuneration and the metrics regarding bonuses, which were found to be completely inappropriate.
We are waiting for that report, which I should receive by the end of this month.
We will take that under advisement, as we do any other evidence we receive about the operation of the board of the Post Office.