The Prime Minister has made it very clear that the UK’s position is that Ukraine belongs in the NATO family.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to help our other NATO allies to reach the same conclusion?
At the historic summit in Vilnius, NATO leaders agreed that Ukraine would become a member of NATO at a time when allies agree and “conditions are met”.
Like the Foreign Secretary, I will continue to engage with NATO allies and with Ukraine, not least because we know that Ukraine is a hugely valuable and courageous partner in the defence of freedom.
Will the Minister inform the House whether the Government will be supporting or opposing Ursula von der Leyen’s bid to become the next Secretary-General of NATO?
Given her lamentable performance as Germany’s Defence Minister, I would urge the latter, but it is clear that she has preferment, and despite all her failures she has always failed upwards.
No.
Whether his Department has received recent representations on the adequacy of the United Nations convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
The UK is a state party to the United Nations convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment, and works closely with partners to eradicate the use of torture.
War manifests itself not just in today’s combat but for future generations.
As a signatory to the convention on cluster munitions, the UK is aware of the reprehensible nature of these weapons.
Will the Minister assure us that US supplies of those weapons to Ukraine will not be allowed through US airbases in the UK?
The hon.
Member makes a point about cluster munitions, and the position of the British Government is very clear: we have signed the treaty against their use.
Other countries’ position is a matter for them, but that is the very clear position of the British Government.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the issuing of arrest warrants for Hong Kong nationals living overseas.
The Hong Kong authorities’ egregious targeting of eight individuals living overseas is unacceptable.
The UK and our allies were swift in our condemnation, and on  13 July , at the Foreign Secretary’s instruction, his senior official conducted a démarche of the Chinese ambassador.
With our allies we are developing a shared understanding of transnational repression, its scale, and its impact on our democracies.
In the last two weeks there have been repeated examples of the Chinese Government’s attempting to intimidate those who have bravely stood up for the freedoms promised to Hong Kong.
Does the Minister accept that we must urgently improve our own protections of the Hongkongers, especially given our moral and legal responsibilities, and take the leading role in international discussions on how to protect the Hongkonger community?
We absolutely support the three individuals in the UK for bravely speaking up and using their voices to challenge activities in Hong Kong.
We will always champion freedom of speech, but I will not comment here on any support that may be in place, as I do not wish to compromise that in any way.
What discussions has my right hon.
Friend had with the Home Secretary or others in the Home Office regarding the availability, if that is the word, of Chinese police stations operating here in the United Kingdom?
Earlier in July, the Foreign Secretary set out that any attempt by any foreign power to intimidate, harass or harm individuals or communities in the UK will not be tolerated.
We have made it clear to the Chinese authorities that the existence of any undeclared  sites—sometimes known as secret police stations—in the UK is unacceptable.
Their operation must cease.
The Chinese authorities have confirmed that they have been closed.
Many Hongkongers have sought refuge not only here in the United Kingdom but in other Commonwealth jurisdictions, principally Canada and Australia.
What work is the Foreign Secretary doing with our counterparts in those countries to ensure that there is a united and concerted effort to support Hongkongers in those countries in the face of China’s repression?
We work closely with our allies and friends and we are very proud, as the UK, to have made available British national overseas visas.
So far, I think, 166,000 have taken up the opportunity to be here in the UK.
The Chinese communist Government have broken British laws in their threats against people legitimately given safety in the United Kingdom.
If my right hon.
Friend and other Ministers have spoken to their counterparts, they will know that they have brought in sanctions against officials in Hong Kong and s freezing of assets.
What have we done, and if, as I suspect, we have not done anything, why not?
As I say, the Foreign Secretary asked a senior official to call in the Chinese ambassador last week, which he did, highlighting that the issuing of arrest warrants and bounties for eight individuals living overseas was unacceptable.
We obviously continue to express our ongoing opposition to the imposition of the national security law, and as my hon.
Friend knows, we continue to consider the use of diplomatic tools, including sanctions where appropriate.
I cannot discuss what we may do in future.