I do not know where to start—there is so much—but here I go.
The SNP welcomes Sir Wyn Williams’s interim report on compensation.
His recommendations would go a huge way to ensuring that victims are fully and fairly compensated, and it is about time.
The enhanced role for the Horizon compensation advisory board is welcome as well.
But the question, as one hon.
Member has already said, is: when is this all going to happen?
I know the Minister cannot give us an answer to that today, but he updated something I had in my notes: it is now 62 claimants who have died without receiving full and fair compensation.
We need to move this on.
Funnily enough, we had a meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on post offices this morning, at which the chief executive officer of Post Office Ltd appeared and answered some questions.
The culture at Post Office Ltd has not changed since the new CEO took on his role in 2019.
He promised to change the culture; he has not yet done so.
We are mired in obfuscation still, and we cannot get to the truth of stuff because of the delay in providing evidence to Sir Wyn’s inquiry.
Will the Minister agree to put pressure on the CEO to get this done?
The hon.
Lady is one of the Members of Parliament I engage with more often than not in this place and she does a fantastic job, not least in chairing the all-party parliamentary group on post offices, so I thank her for her work.
I agree with everything she said about the pace of delivery, the quality of delivery from the Post Office and making sure it meets its obligations.
We have this constantly under review and we are driving this issue.
We are determined to look at creative ways to accelerate compensation for all those affected by this, so we can finally draw a line under the matter.
I accept we will not draw a line under it until we have held people to account for what has gone wrong, so that is something we are extremely keen to do.
Where there has been such a grave miscarriage of justice, it strikes me that we should be pulling out all the stops to ensure that justice is done and in a timely fashion, so perhaps the Government might consider bringing criminal charges against the Post Office and its IT advisers as a way of accelerating the process.
On pulling out all the stops, I could not agree more, and that is definitely what we are doing in the Department.
My days are never without one or other post office issue, which is not the situation we want.
On bringing forward criminal charges, of course the Government do not do that, but when our enforcement agencies determine that there have been criminal actions, wherever those criminal actions have emanated from, we would of course expect them to take action.