The Minister will have heard the strength of feeling across the House this morning.
Recently in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories we have seen new illegal settlements announced, increasing violence and terrorist attacks and a rise in civilian deaths.
All those steps imperil a two-state solution, yet the Government’s focus has been on their ill-conceived and badly designed Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters)
Bill.
Reports suggest that our diplomats warned Ministers that it would breach our obligations under UN resolution 2334.
Is that true?
If so, why is the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities,  the right hon.
Member for Surrey Heath (Michael Gove) , undermining UK foreign policy?
The shadow Secretary of State is correct that these are really concerning issues and there is a lot of passion on both sides of the House.
The Government’s position was agreed by the FCDO and all relevant Government Departments.
The Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has written to the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee on that issue.
If he will take steps with his Sri Lankan counterpart to ensure accountability for alleged war crimes in Sri Lanka.
The Foreign Secretary met Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Ali Sabry on  14 July , when they discussed Sri Lanka’s human rights initiatives.
We will continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to make meaningful progress on human rights, justice and accountability.
That includes at the UN Human Rights Council, where the UK and our partners made resolution 51/1 on Sri Lanka in October last year.
Will the Minister appeal to the  Sri Lankan Government to ensure that the possible establishment of a South Africa-style truth and reconciliation commission does not mean that those responsible for war crimes in Sri Lanka will not be brought to justice?
We recognise the concerns from some members of the Sri Lankan public and victims groups about the creation of a credible domestic accountability process, given the history of impunity and unfulfilled commitments.
We encourage the Sri Lankan Government to create an environment for meaningful reconciliation by addressing those long-standing and emerging concerns.
That includes ensuring proper consultation, sufficient consensus of key communities and a commitment to accountability.
Human Rights Watch has reported that Tamil families looking to memorialise those who died in Sri Lanka’s civil war remain subject to intimidation and banning orders.
Alongside the Minister’s Sri Lankan counterparts, what steps is she taking to promote free expression in Sri Lanka?
As I said, we all understand and see that long history of impunity and broken commitments.
We will continue to encourage the  Sri Lankan Government to create that climate of recognition for all parties and communities, making sure that no one is left out of that process.
Nearly 15 years after the end of Sri Lanka’s bloody civil war, the Sri Lankan Government continue to evade accountability and delay any scrutiny.
As the Minister said, instead of justice there is impunity.
Last week’s FCDO human rights and democracy report recognises Sri Lanka as a priority so, in simple terms, will the Minister say when the UK will sanction those individuals responsible for the worst human rights abuses in that conflict?
We will continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to uphold their constitutional and democratic processes.
Those concerns were made clear in statements to the UN Human Rights Council, most recently on  20 June .
Imposing sanctions is one response among other diplomatic tools to tackle serious human rights violations and abuses, but the shadow Foreign Secretary knows well that it would not be appropriate for me to speculate about future designations because that could reduce the impact.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help meet the UK's international climate finance commitments.
As the Prime Minister set out at COP27, we are committed to spending £11.6 billion on international climate finance over the timeframe originally envisaged.
I take some comfort from the Minister’s reply.
He will know that there has been much speculation—and indeed, some leaks—in the national media that demonstrate real concern that the Government were reneging on their climate finance commitments.
Could he explain to me and the 50 cross-party MPs and peers who have written to the Prime Minister about this when the £11.6 billion will be delivered in full, broken down by each year?
Could the Minister explain how the commitment will be met and assure us that it will not be by raiding the aid budget?
He will know that the money is meant to be new and additional.
It would be wrong for it to come at the expense of recipients who are expecting that aid budget and should have it.
The hon.
Lady will have noticed yesterday that there was a very considerable return of transparency in the figures published by the Foreign Office.
She will have seen that the allocations for aid for next year are nearly double what they were this year.
We have a commitment to greater transparency and I expect to be able to publish in full how we will reach the £11.6 billion, probably in September.