I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his comments.
As he knows, we will hold a summit specifically on stopping children starving to death in November.
I hope that the White Paper will be announced at that summit, but of course he is right.
This is a cross-party White Paper designed to ensure that we reach the sustainable development goals, which are way off target at this midway point, and do something to combat the appalling dangers that the world faces, and which we have seen so graphically in recent days, on climate change.
For more than a year, the House has been highlighting the threat of atrocity crimes returning to Sudan, as the Minister has heard again today cross-party.
Last week, we saw more mass graves and widespread and systematic identity-based targeting of communities.
How much evidence do the Government need before they acknowledge those crimes against humanity, and act on their own policy to take effective action to prevent and respond to atrocities?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right in the language that she uses about the atrocities taking place in Sudan and Darfur.
That point has been extensively ventilated at this question time.
All I can say to her, to add to what I have said already, is that we are working very closely with our allies, particularly the Americans, on precisely the subject that she has identified.
Murder, rape and pillage continue on a massive scale across Sudan.
As well as ensuring that humanitarian aid gets to those on the borders, and the financial sanctions that we introduced last week, will the ministerial team look further at ways  to cut off the source of funding for this violence, in particular by sanctioning Al-Khaleej Bank and Omdurman National Bank, which are associated with the two warring generals?
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a lot about the subject, can rest assured that we are looking at all possible sanctions and other measures that we can take.
She refers to humanitarian access.
She will know that 15 humanitarian workers have been murdered during the course of the violence, but we will do everything that we can to ensure that what she wants to see happen happens.
The Department’s travel advice is highly respected, with observance considered mandatory by many businesses.
What advice will the Minister give to a British organisation that needs to send an employee to Uganda—advice that protects the rights of that employee and their privacy, while also protecting LGBT+ employees in this country from exposure in Uganda to its cruel Anti- Homosexuality Act, which criminalises LGBT+ intimacy and freedom of expression?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The British Government and the whole House are appalled by the law that has been passed by Uganda.
We make very strong representations, our high commission there works closely with affected groups, and we always keep travel advice under sharp and close review.
Children being able to play is something we take for granted, yet Ministers will know from their travels that it is not something that all children around the world get to do.
Play instils confidence, builds life skills, enhances resilience and restores hope, so will a Minister commit to the House that they will take a lead role in the forthcoming UN General Assembly to support the resolution for an international day of play, which is spearheaded by a coalition of organisations such as Lego and IKEA, to ensure that every child’s right to play is protected?
The idea of an international day of play is very important, and we take it seriously.
I will pick the matter up with the noble Lord Ahmad and keep in touch with my hon.
Friend.
In the past decade, more than 1.7 billion people have been affected by climate disasters through displacement, drought and food insecurity.
The climate crisis is both creating and aggravating humanitarian emergencies.
Where is the ambitious strategy for UK aid to build resilience and offset the implications of climate breakdown?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify climate change as the great existential crisis of this era.
Two weeks ago we had the hottest temperature seen in the world ever on the Monday; it was then exceeded on Wednesday and exceeded again on Thursday.
One way we have changed how humanitarian work is done is by building in more adaptation and resilience when we deploy humanitarian support, and we will go on doing that.
Evidence suggests that malaria is on the move; it has appeared in parts of the US and is creeping across Europe.
Can the Foreign Office please confirm that it is serious about eradicating malaria and neglected tropical diseases across the world, and say what plans are being taken, if any, to keep British people safe?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
I was recently in Mozambique, where they had managed to cut malaria infection by 50%, but we saw that climate change is now leading to its increasing again.
We will do everything we can to make sure that what had previously been a successful policy of malaria eradication gets back on track as soon as possible.
A loophole in the sanctions regime has seen Russian steel processed in Turkey and exported to the UK.
The 43% increase in Russian steel exports to Turkey in the last year alone shows the extent of the problem.
The Government have belatedly introduced a ban on imports of such steel, but without enforcement the ban will be meaningless.
Can the Minister tell the House what the Government’s plans are to enforce the ban on imports of Russian steel processed in Turkey?
As I have said, we continue to work on our sanctions policy to ensure that we get to grips with any potential circumventions, but it would not be appropriate for me to announce any future plans yet.
Whether it is the accession to the trans-Pacific partnership, the first free trade agreement with Malaysia and Brunei, our Foreign Secretary at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit or the joint economic trade committee with Indonesia on Thursday, the Government are rightly doing all they can to bring alive the benefits of our trans-Pacific and Indo-Pacific pivot.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we in this House should all do everything we can to bring alive the potential for businesses in our nation, whether in designing frigates, cyber, EdTech or anything else?
Mr Graham, do not push it too far.
I am not being funny—it is totally unfair.
Some Members are not going to get in now.
My hon.
Friend is right.
The opportunities the Indo-Pacific brings for UK citizens and businesses are enormous and we look forward to  the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership being one more new opportunity for them to discover one of the most exciting parts of the world.
Following up the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah) , a Billingham constituent is regularly in touch with me.
Her Ugandan girlfriend lives in fear of her life every day, as new laws have seen more and more LGBT+ people persecuted.
What more can the Government do with our allies to help people such as my constituent’s girlfriend and protect LGBT+ activists and human rights defenders in Uganda?
We are making representations as often as we can.
There are limits to what we can do, but we are seeking to stretch those limits as far as possible.
I spoke to the Ugandan Foreign Minister on  4 May  to underline our opposition to the Anti-Homosexuality Act and highlight its impact on the safety of LGBT+ people in Uganda.
Both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have spoken to the Ugandan Foreign Minister and the Ugandan high commissioner in London.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee is finalising our report on food security, which has come into sharp focus because of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine.
With Russia regrettably pulling out of the Black sea grain deal, will my right hon.
Friend reassure the House that the UK Government are working closely with the UN and NATO allies such as Turkey to restore that deal, which is so important for food security across Europe and in developing countries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Of course, we should make it clear that what Russia is doing is leading directly to people starving in Africa.
Everyone should understand that, as well as the atrocious action that Russia has taken in invading a neighbouring country.