As we know, the British Council has been a force for good in Ukraine and across the world for decades.
Given what we have just heard about the Government’s support for its vital work in Ukraine, will the same energy and commitment now be used to support safe passage for those former British Council teachers and contractors who are stranded in Afghanistan, despite having cleared all the security checks required to come to this country through the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme?
The hon.
Gentleman can be assured that we are honouring our commitment to resettle eligible at-risk British Council contractors, and it remains an important priority for the Government.
What steps he is taking to provide consular support to British nationals detained overseas.
Supporting British nationals abroad through consular assistance is an FCDO priority and of concern to all the ministerial team.
The best interests of detainees are at the heart of our consular work, and we support and work with families wherever we can.
More than 100 other MPs and I wrote to the Foreign Secretary expressing our concern about Alaa Abd El-Fattah, who has been perilously close to death because of hunger and water strikes, and remains imprisoned in Egypt, in awful conditions.
Members of Alaa’s family are in the Gallery today, hoping for a positive update.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit to making a statement at the upcoming session of the UN Human Rights Council in September to condemn Alaa’s imprisonment by the Egyptian Government?
I recognise the hon.
Lady’s concern and sincere commitment to this important case, and I am pleased that she has raised it today.
The Government continue to make every effort in our engagement with the Egyptian authorities on Mr El-Fattah’s case.
We remain concerned about his welfare, and are pressing for consular access and his release.
We continue to provide consular support to Mr El-Fattah and to his family, whom Lord Ahmad most recently met on  6 July .
The Foreign Secretary has raised Mr El-Fattah’s case on several occasions with the Egyptian Foreign Minister, most recently on  2 March .
Since then, Ministers have raised his case at every opportunity.