Jagtar Singh Johal, Alaa Abd El-Fattah, Morad Tahbaz, Mehran Raoof and Jimmy Lai are all high-profile British citizens detained abroad, whose families have severely criticised the Government’s weak, complacent and inconsistent record in supporting them.
Does the Minister agree with us that consular assistance should be a right of British citizens, not based on the whims of Ministers?
We take all these cases incredibly seriously.
They are very challenging.
I do not really understand the tone of the question, because my interactions with Opposition Front-Bench and other colleagues reflect the sincere efforts, in extraordinarily difficult circumstances, to help in all the cases that the hon.
Lady raises.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to tackle human rights violations in Iran.
We detailed Iran’s dire human rights record in the FCDO’s annual report.
The UK is at the forefront of holding Iran to account.
At the United Nations Human Rights Council, we have worked with partners to establish a UN fact-finding mission.
We have announced over 80 human rights sanctions since the start of the process and we raise human rights with Iran at all appropriate opportunities.
I am sure the Minister will share my concern at the excessive use of force and violence by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps against those women who are protesting.
This week’s news that the morality police are reinstating the hijab patrols illustrates the need for possible protections for those women.
Has the Minister had any conversations with the Home Office about a potential visa scheme for those women and girls who have been instrumental in the protests, who may need to flee Iran?
These are very important and concerning issues.
For decades, the morality police have used the threat of detention and violence to control what women wear and how they behave in public.
The UK sanctioned the morality police in its entirety in October 2022.
It is intolerable that that institution still exists in 2023.
We will continue to focus on that.
What steps he is taking to help support stability in the Western Balkans.
We are working with western Balkan states and our allies to create a secure, safe and prosperous region, built on strong foundations of democracy, the rule of law and regional co-operation.
We have invested just over £47 million on a programme of activities supporting that vision last year, and we will always oppose efforts to destabilise the region.
Last week, thanks to the British Group Inter-Parliamentary Union, a cross-party delegation of parliamentarians visited Serbia, an incredible nation at an east-west crossroads, with an alluring, tempestuous history and so much potential.
I impressed upon them the need to work together for peace and prosperity in the Balkans, but they consistently expressed concerns about the situation of the ethnic Serb minority in Kosovo.
What steps is the Minister taking to help ease tensions and ensure that the mayors of the four Serb-majority municipalities in Kosovo are truly representative of the areas that they serve?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question and for his conveying his experience.
We engage on all sides diplomatically to encourage positive progress, and we urge all leaders in the region to de-escalate and work towards peace.