As a former post office counter clerk myself, I understand at first hand how the Horizon IT debacle had a devastating impact on postmasters, their families and their businesses.
Will the Minister assure the House that lessons have been learned from this terrible case?
Certainly, we have learned the lesson in this place to heed those warnings more quickly.
I am sure the new management of the Post Office have seen what has gone wrong, and we are clearly keen to make sure it never happens again.
I do not think we will be able to say we have learned the lessons and this will not happen again until we have received the final results of the inquiry and then decided what action can be taken against the individuals responsible, because that will be the ultimate deterrent in stopping these things happening again.
The significance of Sir Wyn bringing forward an interim report of this sort is something that should not be underestimated.
I was with  the hon.
Member for Motherwell and Wishaw (Marion Fellows)  in the APPG meeting this morning
and it was clear that, as far as the chief executive of the Post Office is concerned, in dealing with historical matters such as this, he sees it as a major barrier to changing the culture within the Post Office.
Whether that is a reason or an excuse remains to be seen, but he has to ensure that that barrier is removed so that there can be no further excuses about changing the culture.
I agree, and we are determined to play our part in that of course.
I was very grateful for the report and I have read the recommendations.
Clearly,  there is a lot of detail in the report that I want to study and consider fully, but I thought it was very helpful.
I did not see anything in the recommendations I immediately objected to.
As I say, I want to make a good study of those things, but a number of different processes have to take place.
We have to give due process the time to do its work in making sure that we establish exactly what has gone on, so that we can put those matters right.
I, like many others, have sub-postmasters who have suffered in this space.
I would just like to thank Members across the House, most notably the Minister, his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton and Cheam (Paul Scully) ,  the hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) —I was on the Select Committee when we were particularly looking at this issue, and thank him for his time on that—and obviously  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for his energy there.
Could I just reiterate what so many have said and ask the Minister to accelerate, with all energy, the payments to the victims, and will he please follow through on the consequences for the Post Office leadership and its IT consultants?