There are reports of widespread, systematic and targeted destruction of 26 communities in Darfur.
Eighty-seven bodies were found buried in a mass grave last week, and fears are growing of genocide.
I welcome the fresh sanctions, but what steps are the Government taking with international allies to ensure that the International Criminal Court has the resources needed to investigate and to hold those responsible to account?
I want to assure the hon.
Lady that we will do everything we can to make sure that there is not a culture of impunity in the dreadful civil war in Sudan.
Together with our allies, we hold the pen at the United Nations, and with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development, the African Union, and the Troika—all of these different organisations—we are doing everything that we can to ensure that there is transparency on what is being done in Darfur and to bring to an end this dreadful conflict.
In April three members of the British-Israeli Dee family were killed in an appalling terror attack.
The Palestinian Authority continues to proudly send hundreds of millions of pounds to the terrorists behind these very same attacks.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning this grotesque “pay for slay” policy?
The UK has not directly funded the Palestinian Authority since official development assistance reprioritisation in 2021.
We do not fund prisoners’ payments and we believe that the prisoner payment system should be reformed so that it is needs-based, transparent and affordable.
We continue to raise this at the highest levels with the Palestinian Authority.
We talk of a two-state solution, but we are witnessing an increase in illegal settlements and an increase in violence, not least in Jenin recently.
How is the Secretary of State using the power of his office to set a new framework, using the articles of the UN declaration on human rights, to bring about a movement towards peace, so that we see not just talk but action?
We remain committed to the middle east peace process and to finding a way forward.
We use our convening power as the current president of the UN Security Council, and the Foreign Secretary will no doubt be discussing these issues while he is in New York at the UN Security Council.
Most of NATO, including America, Canada, France and Germany, have repatriated their citizens from detention facilities in Syria.
The United Kingdom repeatedly refuses to do so and is now an international outlier.
Twenty-five British families are held in Syrian detention facilities without charge or trial.
Our independent reviewer of terrorism legislation has said that, without action, this will become our Guantanamo.
Will the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office review this policy to avoid our suffering international embarrassment for failing to take responsibility for our own citizens?
Repatriating citizens and the management of risks posed by returnees are ultimately matters for individual countries.
Our priority remains ensuring the safety and security of the United Kingdom.
The UK will continue to work closely with international partners in addressing the issues associated with those who fought for, or supported, Daesh and to bring to justice those who have participated in terrorism overseas.
Last month, the UK hosted the Ukrainian recovery conference in London.
Ukrainian trade unions have an important role to play in laying the foundations for the reconstruction of their country, but the general secretary of the Ukraine’s construction workers’ union had his application to attend the conference denied and was subsequently unable to secure a visa to travel to the UK in time.
Does the Secretary of State regret that Ukrainian construction workers were denied a voice in a conference dedicated to the reconstruction of Ukraine, and can he assure the House that this was not the result of a proactive policy of excluding representatives in the trade union movement?
I am grateful to the hon.
Friend for raising that matter.
I will investigate and provide an update.