Last week’s Intelligence and Security Committee report exposed the consequences of more than a decade of Conservative division, inconsistency and complacency towards China.
It looked rather like a bad Ofsted school inspection report.
It described the UK’s approach to China as “completely inadequate” and it said it had left us “severely handicapped” in managing Britain’s future security.
National security is the first responsibility of Government.
What will the Government do, in response to this report, to rectify their past mistakes and raise their standards?
The integrated review refresh, published in March, set out very clearly the Prime Minister’s strong and robust position on China.
The Foreign Secretary’s speech at Chatham House, a few weeks later, also identified that we will protect UK assets and interests, that we will engage where appropriate, that we will align with our international partners to ensure that issues we consider unacceptable to us—the coercion we are seeing from China is one—are made very clear, and that we will use the tools available to us as required.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the human rights situation in Kashmir.
We recognise that there are human rights concerns in both India-administered Kashmir and Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
We encourage all states to ensure that domestic laws are in line with international standards.
Any allegation of human rights violations or abuse is deeply concerning and must be investigated thoroughly and transparently.
Many of my Luton South constituents have expressed concern at the recent appeal to change Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front leader Yasin Malik’s sentence from life imprisonment to the death penalty, due to be heard on  9 August .
The UK is home to significant diaspora communities of Pakistanis, Indians and Kashmiris, and emerging issues related to Kashmir have the potential to affect community cohesion if not handled sensitively.
Will the Minister ensure that the Government conduct any action relating to Kashmir sensitively and with consideration of the concerns of the diaspora communities?
The hon.
Lady is right that these are difficult situations and that we want always to reassure those who are here, but it is not for the UK to comment on an independent judicial process in another country.
We encourage all states to ensure that their domestic laws adhere to international standards on free and fair trials and that their treatment of detainees respects international obligations.
The UK Government oppose the death penalty in all circumstances, as a matter of principle, in every country.
We are approaching the anniversary of the abrogation of article 370 and the other temporary changes to the Indian constitution, which were finally removed after more than 70 years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this means equal rights are restored to people in Jammu and Kashmir and, particularly, that women now have the right to property, which was denied under those temporary arrangements?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate champion for all these communities, and I thank him for the important work he continues to do with them.
His leadership is well respected on both sides of the House.
Our long-standing position, of course, is that India and Pakistan should find a lasting political resolution on Kashmir that takes into account the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
It is not for the UK to act as a mediator.
What steps he has taken to help improve food security in developing countries.
We committed in the integrated review refresh, published in March, to lead an 18-month campaign to improve global food security and nutrition, and to mitigate the risk of famine.
The devastating war in Ukraine and the destruction of its agricultural sector has sadly meant that, at the start of 2023, roughly one in three Ukrainian families were classified as food insecure.
Whether we live in Blyth Valley or in Kyiv, food security is of the utmost importance.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me his Department is doing all it can to ensure that Ukrainian families are getting the vital support they need, despite what is happening in their country?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
In November, Britain will host a major event in London focused on preventing children from starving to death, and on preventing malnutrition and food insecurity.
It is all good and well that the UK is hosting events, but the reality is that the amount of money it has to invest in food security is declining, because of cuts to the aid budget and now because of the Home Office’s use of official development assistance to house refugees.
If the Home Office really wants people not to come here on small boats, perhaps it would be better to spend that money on famine relief and food security so that people do not flee their countries in the first place.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the importance of international development in tackling these problems upstream.
He will have seen yesterday’s publication of the very sharp increase in bilateral aid, and he will also have noticed that I announced that we will spend £1 billion on humanitarian relief next year.
What recent steps he has taken to support the work of the British Council in response to the conflict in Ukraine.
We work closely with the British Council in Ukraine.
The British Council continues to provide online professional development to English teachers, reaching one in five English teachers in Ukraine.
The British Council’s teaching centre in Kyiv reopened online in April 2022, and it teaches English to approximately 500 students.