The freeze on local housing allowance is having a devastating impact on housing providers.
Scotland’s Housing Minister wrote to the Secretary of State on  25 May  to make that point and to make the case for restoring it to the 30th percentile.
Why has he not replied?
Will the Government use the autumn statement to raise it back to the 30th percentile?
I will certainly look into the letter to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, but I assure him that LHA and other housing matters are under constant review, and form part of the discussions that my Department has with the Treasury from time to time.
What steps is the Minister taking to help ensure that parents pay child maintenance and that the system is fair, particularly if there has been a difficult divorce or separation?
The Government are committed to ensuring that parents meet their obligations to their children and that the CMS has robust enforcement powers where parents refuse to pay child maintenance that they owe.
The Child Support (Enforcement) Act 2023 received Royal Assent in July, and will substantially and rightly speed up that process.
Due to a series of errors made by the CMS, a constituent of mine has failed to receive child maintenance payments and is now on the brink of homelessness.
I have been in contact with the DWP, but this case needs to be expedited.
Will the Minister assure me that my constituent will   receive their payment and will not be made homeless?
Will she meet me to discuss this extremely important case?
The hon.
Lady is right; every child maintenance arrangement plays a vital role in ensuring that both parents play their part to support their children, whether they live with them or not.
I am happy to take up that case urgently, on behalf of our noble Friend in the other place.
Pension auto-enrolment has been a great success, but it has led to millions of people getting a new pension pot every time they change jobs.
Millions of people now have multiple pension pots that they struggle to keep on top of, causing confusion and increasing costs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that employees should have the option to save into a workplace scheme of their choice, enabling them to build up a pot for life—a pot to save in, not a pot to smoke?
Automatic enrolment has transformed savings across the country.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s strong support and his passion in this area.
The pot for life model offers attraction, with the potential to help engaged individuals with their pension savings if it maintains the gains achieved under automatic enrolment.
I am sure he will discuss that with the future pensions Minister.
If life is so peachy for pensioners and if the Minister really is as passionate as he says he is about supporting pensioners, why does Independent Age say that, despite the long list he has given, the uptake in pension credit is not reaching the people who need it the most?
Why, in my constituency of Glasgow North East, are pensioners, who I am passionate about supporting, still missing out on several million every year?
Will he use that passion to follow the Scottish Government and have a proper targeted benefit uptake strategy?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that pension credit applications are up 75%.
Clearly, we are trying to get that even higher.
There is a nationwide campaign, which includes Scotland.
According to the latest figures, there are 1,825 households receiving pension credit in Banff and Buchan, but what more can we do as Members of Parliament to encourage more pensioners to apply?
My hon.
Friend’s campaign in his constituency has been a massive success and I thank him for that.
It builds on our nationwide campaign to support pension credit.
There is much we can do to promote it locally, which I know my hon.
Friend is doing, through our local councils, Citizens Advice and voluntary organisations.
Does the Minister share my horror at rising homelessness among refugees who have been granted asylum because the timescale from decision to their  being transitioned to mainstream benefits is a mere  28 days?
Will she meet me so that we can work together to stop those who have been granted the right to a new life here being forced to begin that new life in destitution on the streets this winter?