Almost 900,000 women in the UK have quit their jobs due to the menopause.
The right to flexible work is a key part of tackling economic inactivity, and it would particularly benefit people managing menopause symptoms.
What conversations have taken place between Cabinet colleagues on removing the onus on employees to request flexible working and instead ensuring that that is provided as a day one right, by default?
The hon.
Lady’s question is best directed to the Department for Business and Trade rather than DWP, as it relates to employment legislation and regulation.
However, I am pleased to tell her that we have our 50PLUS champions, work coaches in our jobcentres, the Midlife MOT and many other measures that are there to help exactly the people she describes.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of AI on the functioning of the welfare system.
We have a number of projects that use artificial intelligence within the Department to drive performance, efficiency and the service we provide to our customers.
One important point to bear in mind is that we never replace a human when it comes to judgments relating to a claim or an appeal.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House what assessment he has made of the potential merits of the use of AI in fraud protection?
How will his Department ensure that appropriate safety measures are in place?
Let me take the second of my hon.
Friend’s points first.
As I have outlined, there is always human intervention when it is appropriate.
None the less, he is quite right to raise the issue of fraud and error.
We have seen a reduction in the Department over the past year of some 10% across the benefit system, and much of that has been driven by machine learning and data analytics.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of children experiencing destitution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of children experiencing destitution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of children experiencing destitution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of children experiencing destitution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of children experiencing destitution.
Child poverty and its reduction is absolutely core to the mission of my Department, which is why we have focused on cost of living payments, why we have put up benefits across the board by 10.1% and why the Chancellor announced £3.5 billion in the spring statement to support our back to work programmes to raise people out of poverty.
One of the crowning achievements of the previous Labour Government was to lift 1 million children out of poverty.
How does the Secretary of State think that that compares with the Conservatives’ record given that new figures show that children are experiencing destitution, and that that has actually tripled since 2017?
I think that our record is extremely clear.
Since 2010, we have 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty, 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty, and 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty.
Under Labour’s watch, we had 1 million people parked on long-term sickness benefits for more than 10 years.
There has been a shameful increase in the level of destitution in the UK, with 1 million children not having their basic needs met.
In my constituency of Blaydon, nine children in every classroom are living in poverty.
Across the north-east, there has been a 12% increase in emergency food bank parcels in the past year.
Does the Minister agree that his Government have completely failed the most vulnerable children in the UK?
No, I am afraid that I cannot agree with that at all.
I have just gone through the various figures pointing to the decline in the level of absolute poverty, including 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty since the hon.
Lady’s party was last in Government.
The cost of living payments, the increase in the level of benefits, and the £3.5 billion that the Chancellor has made available to help people back into work are helping to drive poverty figures in the right direction.