The Minister says, “Is that it?”.
It is 700,000 more NHS dentistry appointments than her Government are providing.
It is ridiculous.
The extent to which Ministers continue to parrot these ridiculous lines is embarrassing.
If they want to intervene, make my day.
I am perfectly prepared to confront any Member with their own Government’s record.
Of course, they do not want to defend the Government’s record; they have a hard enough time doing that on the doorstep.
Turning back to His Majesty’s Gracious Speech, there may not have been any Bills for the health service last week, but we did see the white flag being waved on the Prime Minister’s pledge to cut waiting lists.
Hospitals received a letter telling them to cut the number of operations and appointments they are aiming to offer this year.
At the same time, an extra funding pot was announced, so we are literally paying more and getting less.
No wonder the NHS is in such a state.
No wonder waiting lists have trebled since 2010.
No wonder hundreds of thousands more patients are waiting for treatment today than when the Prime Minister first made his pledge.
I want to make a plea for those 10,000 young people with cystic fibrosis, who have to take multiple medications and endure daily physiotherapy, blood tests, X-rays, and hospital visits—waiting on many occasions—as part of their normal routine just to stay well.
The shadow Secretary of State and the Labour Opposition have given a commitment to endeavour to do better for the NHS.
Will he do better for those 10,000 young people who have cystic fibrosis?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for his intervention.
I am deeply concerned about the situation facing children with cystic fibrosis in particular, given that there is radically life-extending treatment available that offers the hope to those young people not just of longer, happier, healthier lives, but of reduced admissions to hospital.
It is right that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence makes those judgments in a rigorous way, looking at the evidence.
I hope that it will be successful in bringing down the price of those drugs by negotiating with the pharmaceutical companies to make sure that we can get affordable drugs to families who desperately need them and are  desperately anxious that the announcement they have read about means shorter lives for their children.
No family should go through that agony, and I hope that a resolution can be found.
The Government and the previous Health Secretary got into the habit of stealing Labour’s policies—I say that not as a complaint, but as an invitation.
It is clear that the Government do not have a plan to cut NHS waiting lists, but we do: £1.1 billion will be paid straight into the pockets of hard-pressed NHS staff to deliver 2 million more appointments a year at evenings and weekends, paid for by abolishing the non-dom tax status, because patients need treatment more than the wealthiest need a tax break—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members groan when we mention charging non-doms their fair share, they groan when we talk about closing private equity loopholes and they groan when we talk about taxing private schools fairly.
They did not groan when taxes went up on working people.
They did not groan when benefits were cut for the poorest people.
We know who the Conservatives are in it for.
They are in it for the few; we champion the interests of the many.
That is the Labour difference.
We believe strongly that people who live or work in Britain should pay their taxes here too.
There is still time for the new Secretary of State to lobby the Chancellor ahead of the autumn statement.
This genuinely is an oven-ready plan, unlike some of the plans we have heard from the Conservatives, and I encourage the new Secretary of State to nick it.
After 13 years, we have an NHS that gets to people too late.
We have a hospital-based system geared towards late-stage diagnosis and treatment, which delivers poorer outcomes at greater cost.
We have an analogue system in a digital age.
We have a sickness service, not a health service, with too many lives hampered by preventable illness and too many lives lost to the biggest killers.
It could not be clearer: the longer we give the Conservatives in power, the longer patients will wait.
This was an empty King’s Speech from a Government who have run out of road, run out of steam and run out of ideas; a Conservative party too busy tearing itself apart to govern the country; a Prime Minister who cannot decide whether it is time for a change or to go back to year zero.
The future of the NHS after another five years of the Tories is emerging before our eyes: a two-tier health service, where those who can afford it go private, and those who cannot are left waiting behind—our NHS reduced to a poor service for poor people; our country viewed as the sick man of Europe.
It does not have to be that way.
The Prime Minister was right when he said, “It’s time for a change”, but only Labour can deliver it.
Labour has a different vision for our country in which no one fears ill health or old age; people have power, choice and control over their own health and care; the place people are born, or the wealth they are born into, does not determine how long they will live or how happy their lives will be; patients benefit from the brightest minds developing cutting-edge treatments and technology; and children born in Britain today become the healthiest generation that ever lived.
Only Labour has a plan to get the NHS back on its feet and make that vision a reality: a plan to cut waiting lists, delivering 2 million more appointments a year;  a rescue plan for NHS dentistry, delivering 700,000 more appointments, recruiting dentists to the areas most in need, introducing toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in schools and having an NHS dentist for all who need one; a plan to double the number of scanners so that patients are diagnosed earlier; a plan to recover our nation’s mental health from the damage of lockdowns; a plan to cut red tape that ties up GPs’ time, so that we can bring back the family doctor; a plan for the biggest expansion of NHS staff in history—a plan so good that the Government adopted it and gave us a head start; and a plan to reform the NHS to make it fit for the future.
To those who say that that cannot be done and that things cannot be better, I say this: the last Labour Government delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history.
We did it before and we will do it again.
It is not a change of faces we need but a change of Government.
It is time to call a general election and give the British people the choice: more of the same with the Conservatives or a fresh start with Labour.
Call a general election now, so that Labour can give Britain its future back.
We come now to a maiden speech, so there will be no interruptions.
I call Steve Tuckwell.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for calling me to deliver my maiden speech.
Many words have been dedicated to this summer’s by-election campaigns and the subsequent result in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, so I hope you will allow me to add just a few more words based on my own experiences, rather than the conjecture offered by many commentators.
Let me begin with ULEZ—the ultra low emission zone—and its expansion across outer London.
It will come as no surprise to anyone that this is not the first time I have mentioned those four letters in this Chamber.
Even though the extended charge zone has now come into being, I stand here—no longer the local candidate, but the Member of Parliament—still determined to fight the Mayor of London’s money grab and reduce the burden placed on my residents and local businesses.
For me, however, the by-election was about much more than ULEZ and its unnecessary expansion.
It was about a variety of local issues, such as securing a new hospital, keeping Uxbridge police station open, providing further support for childcare places, and protecting our green spaces for future generations.
It was a by-election campaign fought on multiple local issues of substance.
So, rather than dwelling on ULEZ, may I suggest that what also drove residents to the polls was the motivation to have an MP who understands the needs of the community, who appreciates the complexities of the community, and who is truly embedded in the community?
Since 2018, I have served as a local councillor for the London Borough of Hillingdon.
Hillingdon Council is well respected, and in some cases even envied, for its consistent year in, year out performance in core services that residents expect, be they weekly waste collections, which are quite rare these days; refurbishing libraries, not closing them; and being one of the greenest boroughs  in London, with 67 green flag awarded parks and open spaces.
All of this and more is achieved through Hillingdon Council’s continual focus on sound financial management that puts residents first.
I pay tribute to the leader of Hillingdon Council, Councillor Ian Edwards, and his executive cabinet, as well as Sir Ray Puddifoot—the former leader for over two decades—my fellow councillors, both past and present, and of course the officer team and frontline teams across all departments who deliver great services for their residents and my constituents.
During the by-election, Uxbridge and South Ruislip saw intense campaigning, with a media frenzy and a whopping 17 candidates, but being the centre of attention is not something new for my constituency.
Uxbridge is home to the Battle of Britain Bunker—one of the most popular heritage destinations in my constituency for visitors near and far.
The bunker played a key part in the allied defensive network across Britain during the second world war, and it was from that bunker that No. 11 Fighter Command was controlled.
No. 11 Fighter Command, based in Uxbridge, played a crucial role in securing victory during the battle of Britain.
Indeed, it was at the entrance to the bunker that Winston Churchill first uttered his famous words, “Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.”
He repeated those profound words in this very Chamber four days later, on  20 August 1940 .
A bunker mentality was right for that time, but now is not that time.
This is a time not to hunker down and hide away, but to face the many complex challenges that face us here in the UK and across the globe.
The Prime Minister, the Government and my party are quite rightly looking at the long term, and have outlined clear and decisive policies that are designed to tackle the challenges we face.
They are not easy decisions, but decisions that build on the long-term horizon, rather than easy short-termism that has no foundation or substance.
I was elected to stand up for the interests of my constituents.
I was born and raised in the constituency that I now have the privilege of serving as an MP.