The hon.
Member will be aware that there has been £94 billion of cost of living support over and above the 10.1% increase in benefit rates.
That support is over 2022-23 and 2023-24.
For example, the winter fuel payment will be paid to the tune of £600 or £500 over the next few weeks.
Would the Minister agree that the journey we have been on with benefit rates for the last decade and a half has perhaps been a little haphazard, and it is pretty unclear to most people  exactly what basket of goods and services benefits are actually meant to buy?
If the Minister does not agree with the case for an essentials guarantee, will the Government commission their own study to work out if benefits are at the right level?
My hon.
Friend makes an interesting point, which is clearly a matter for the Secretary of State and the Chancellor when they make their decisions on uprating, and I am sure they will take that on board.
There are always ongoing discussions about how one assesses this process but, with respect, this is the system we have had for some considerable period of time.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help disabled people to find and remain in employment.
There are a range of initiatives for supporting disabled people to start, stay in and succeed in work.
This includes disability employment advisers, the Work and Health programme, intensive personalised employment support, Access to Work, Disability Confident, the information and advice service, and support in partnership with the health system.
Research by the charity Versus Arthritis has found that one in five people described as economically inactive have a musculoskeletal—MSK—condition.
Arthritis and MSK conditions were the cause of over 23 million working days lost in 2021 alone.
Will the Minister ask the Chancellor for additional support in the autumn statement, to help people with arthritis and MSK to find and remain in work, and will he meet me and Versus Arthritis to discuss this serious issue further?
I am always happy to meet colleagues to discuss such issues.
It is fair to say that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has put a real emphasis on this policy area in his previous spending announcements; no doubt he will have heard the hon.
Lady’s comments in advance of the upcoming autumn statement.
When we consider initiatives such as Work
Well—our work in respect of occupational health and the consultations on that—we see that a lot of effort and energy have gone into recognising that retention is just as important as job starts.