The health of our nation is critical to the health of our economy, but after 13 years of this Government, both are in a dire state.
The Secretary of State should know that the number of young people out of work due to long-term sickness has doubled on the Government’s watch, predominantly driven by poor mental health.
Labour’s plan will recruit 8,500 more mental health staff, with support in every school and hubs in every community to tackle these problems early on.
Because I am feeling generous today, Mr Speaker— So am I—at the moment.
[Laughter.]
I would like to make the Secretary of State an offer.
If he is serious about getting Britain working, why does he not swallow his pride, do the right thing and adopt Labour’s back to work plan?
The reason for that—I am feeling rather less generous—is that we have seen Labour’s plans in the past, and no Labour Government have ever left office with unemployment anything other than higher than when they came to office.
Under the last Labour Government, we saw 1.4 million people parked on long-term benefits for over a decade, with many of them exactly as the hon.
Lady described: long-term sick and disabled.
Under this Government, we have near-record low unemployment, and we have 4 million more people on payroll employment than we had in 2010.
I am afraid that the Secretary of State is living in cloud cuckoo land.
Record numbers of people are out of work due to long-term sickness.
We are the only country in the G7 whose employment rate has not gone back to pre-pandemic levels.
It is not just young people but the over-50s.
The Office for Budget Responsibility said that the rise poses a serious risk to our prospects for growth and the stability of the public finances.
Where on earth is the Secretary of State’s plan to sort it out?
Perhaps I am being a bit unfair, because it turns out that the Government can get the over-50s back to work, but only if they are former Prime Ministers.
Order.
I have been through this time and again.
When Front Benchers want to have an argument, they need to come in earlier please, and not soak up the time of Back Benchers, whom I now need to get to urgently.
Will the Secretary of State have a word with the current occupant of No. 10, and ask him to put as much effort into saving other people’s jobs and livelihoods as he does attempting to save his own neck?
Very briefly, I have set out our employment record, which we are proud of.
In his last Budget, the Chancellor set aside £2 billion to fund measures to tackle long-term sickness and disability.
That includes a consultation on occupational health, the roll-out of universal support and Work Well, about which the hon.
Lady will hear more presently.
The proportion of new claimants for incapacity benefits who receive the highest amount with no work requirements has gone from 21% 10 years ago to 65% now—an astonishing increase.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me that following the proposed reforms to the work capability assessment, it will work as intended, and that those who want to work, and seek work, are able to get the help they need to do so?