New figures on pension credit update have shed light on the catastrophic failure to get money to the people who desperately need it.
Up to 880,000 pensioners are now missing out.
Thousands of households would be so much better off and able to keep the heating on and food on the table this winter.
Underpinning the figures is a huge drop in uptake among the under-75s, with a fall of up to 20%.
With so many new pensioners  seemingly unaware of their entitlement to pension credit, will the Government stop burying their head in the sand and get a grip now?
It is good to welcome the hon.
Lady to the Dispatch Box; I have not previously had the chance to answer her questions.
We have undertaken TV campaigns, internet campaigns and campaigns on the radio, in print and on social media—the great Len Goodman assisted us in that regard before his passing—so there is fantastic support across all aspects.
The hon.
Lady should be aware that pension credit applications were up 75% in the year to May, and we have never had so many people as we are now seeking to encourage to apply.
Absolutely, the Government are fully behind the pension credit campaign.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential impact of proposed reforms to work capability assessments on the (a) financial and (b) mental wellbeing of people with Parkinson’s disease.
The Department has developed estimates of the number of claimants impacted by options considered in the work capability assessment consultation.
Estimates are not based on specific conditions, because the work capability assessment is based on how a person’s condition affects them, not the condition itself.
The proposed changes to the work capability assessment could actually see half a million people forced to look for work they are not cut out for and then at risk of sanctions.
The proposed changes on continence, mobility and social engagement are putting thousands of Parkinson’s sufferers at risk of being denied the benefits they need, causing needless stress and financial pressures.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Parkinson’s UK to discuss the impacts on those suffering from Parkinson’s?
Hopefully the Government will then change their mind on these cruel proposals.
What I can say to the hon.
Gentleman is that no decisions have been made.
It is right and proper that the consultation responses are properly considered in the normal way.
I would be happy to meet with Parkinson’s UK again; I met it previously, and it is an important stakeholder for the Department.
We do think it is right that we look at the work capability assessment and review it periodically, not least because of the changes we have seen in homeworking and flexible working in recent years.
What steps his Department is taking to support more parents into work.
There have been transformational changes in childcare, skills, training and support for future employers, as announced at the spring Budget.
It is absolutely the case that from  April 2024, eligible working parents of two-year-olds will be able to access 15 hours of free childcare per week from the term after the second birthday, plus there will be the delivery of more support for working parents of children over the age of nine months with 30 free hours of childcare.
There is nowhere in the world that compares with our childcare offer on an ongoing basis.
We have virtually Scandinavian levels.[Official Report,  16 November 2023 , Vol. 740, c. 8MC.]
I am a huge supporter of the bold action that the Government are taking to tackle the costs of childcare and get more parents into work.
However, some settings in my constituency report that the rate the Government pay does not cover the full costs of providing that place, putting them in an untenable position.
Can my hon.
Friend work with me, alongside the Department for Education, to ensure that the scheme is fully working and that the childcare places are actually there to be able to take up this generous Government support?
I am happy to convene a summit with the Department for Education, my hon.
Friend and his unitary authority to discuss the ways in which we are ensuring that.
We are already working in partnership with the DFE to deliver this campaign, and clearly the Government are committed to ensuring that the implementation of the expansion to 30 hours is dealt with in an appropriate and seamless way.
What steps his Department is taking to expand the support available through jobcentres.
I am on a one-man mission to support my hon.
Friend, who is a doughty champion for Don Valley and getting more people into jobs in his Yorkshire constituency.
It was a pleasure to visit his constituency recently and meet the jobcentre leads in his patch, to understand what we can do to drive forward greater employment.
He will be aware of the £3.5 billion package of support across the country, some of which is being spent in Yorkshire.