The hon.
Lady’s question is best directed to the Department for Business and Trade rather than DWP, as it relates to employment legislation and regulation.
However, I am pleased to tell her that we have our 50PLUS champions, work champions in our jobcentres, the Midlife MOT and many other measures that are there to help exactly the people she describes.
We fund apprentices to achieve English and maths qualifications by the end of their apprenticeships.
We understand how important they are for people’s long-term career prospects, and we are boosting the rate for those qualifications by 54% from January.
We are also piloting flexible English and maths requirements for young people with learning difficulties or disabilities, to ensure that they are not overlooked when it comes to apprenticeship opportunities.
There have been transformational changes in childcare, skills, training and support for future employers, as announced at the spring Budget.
It is absolutely the case that from  April 2024, eligible working parents of two-year-olds will be able to access 15 hours of free childcare per week from the term after the second birthday, plus there will be the delivery of more support for working parents of children over the age of nine months with 30 free hours of childcare.
There is nowhere in the world that compares with our childcare offer on an ongoing basis.
We have virtually Scandinavian levels.
May I begin by welcoming the new Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , to her place?
This has been a good and full debate.
It has, in large part, been fairly well-informed, although I thought the quality of the offerings from behind me was a little ahead of that from in front.
None the less, it has been a good and passionate debate.
No effort today was in any way better than that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Steve Tuckwell) , who gave us a virtuoso example of a maiden speech.
He referred to the fact that it was in his constituency that Winston Churchill first uttered the immortal words, “Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.”
Of course, Churchill then repeated that in this Chamber, but not with the same eloquence as my hon.
Friend, and he certainly did not manage to squeeze in a tribute to the Middlesex Arms, my hon.
Friend’s local pub, where I am sure a free beer awaits him—that is probably where he is at this very moment.
Now that I too, in addition to him, have mentioned his local pub, I hope that a second pint awaits him.
There are certain things that the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , and I can agree on, and smoking is one of them.
I was interested to learn that she is a former smoker.
They always say that former smokers have a passionate desire to stop other people smoking, and she certainly demonstrated that.
We know that one in four cancers is caused by smoking.
As a father of three young daughters, vaping is of great concern to me personally, and I was pleased to see the reference in the King’s Speech to getting on top of those kinds of products and the way in which they are retailed.
The hon.
Lady also mentioned mental health, as did many of this afternoon’s speakers.
We have said that we will come forward with a mental health Bill if parliamentary time allows, and of course that does not mean we have not already done a very great deal in exactly that space, or will not do a great deal further.
Some £2 billion of extra funding is already going into mental healthcare compared with four years ago, with a 20% increase in staffing since 2010.
It does not stop there: we will also be bringing forward mental health hospitals and 100 specialist ambulances.
Order.
I would like to make a short statement.
I do not usually discuss urgent questions, but today I received one and rather than discuss the matter in the Chamber, I thought it would be better for me to set out my thoughts on a particular issue that involves procedures of this House.
The House will be aware that the Prime Minister has today appointed the right hon.
David Cameron as Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs.
This is not the first time in recent years that a Cabinet Minister has been appointed in the House of Lords but, given the gravity of the current international situation, it is especially important that this House is able to scrutinise the work of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office effectively.
I have therefore commissioned advice from the Clerks about possible options for enhancing scrutiny of the work of the Foreign Secretary when that post is filled by a Member of the other House.
I also look forward to hearing the Government’s proposals on how the Foreign Secretary will be properly accountable to this House.
I do not propose to respond to points of order on this subject today, until the advice I have referred to has been received and until I have heard the Government’s own proposals, but I can assure the House that I am fully aware of the need for hon.
and right hon.
Members to be able to hold the Government to account in this area, especially at the current time, and I shall do everything I can to ensure that they are able to do so.
As colleagues will know, the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee is elected each Session.
Nominations are now open and will close at 1pm on  Wednesday 15 November .
Nomination forms are available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members from the party not representing Government may be candidates.
Candidates need the support of no fewer than 10 Members from the Government side of the House and no fewer than 10 Members from the party not representing the Government or from no party.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 22 November  from 11am to 1pm in the Aye Lobby.