The Prime Minister may be too weak to whip his Back Benchers to vote that crucial measure through, but on the Opposition Benches we will put country first and party second.
Labour MPs will go through the voting Lobby and make sure that the legislation is passed, so that young people today are even less likely to smoke than they are to vote Conservative.
I am afraid to disappoint the Government, but we will not be supporting the other Bill in the King’s Speech that relates to health.
Most people look at the crisis in the NHS and think it needs more doctors and nurses.
The Conservative party looks at the health service and concludes that we need to sack more doctors and nurses.
The Government are saying that public servants should be sacked for failing to provide minimum standards on strike days, but the Government have not met the four-hour A&E standard since 2015; they have not met the standard for treatment within 18 weeks since 2016; and they were doing so badly on meeting cancer waiting time standards that they have simply got rid of the standards altogether.
If the Conservatives are proposing to sack doctors and nurses for failing to provide minimum service levels, can we now sack Ministers for failing to meet minimum standards on non-strike days?
The new Health and Social Care Secretary has an opportunity to break with the past year.
Strikes are crippling the NHS and they are putting patients in harm’s way.
Her predecessor may have thought that they were a useful excuse for his failure, but they were, and are, a misery for patients and staff alike.
The Government must stop the scapegoating of NHS staff, go into these negotiations with good faith, work at finding a solution, and, finally, bring these strikes to an end.
There will be  no progress on turning around our national health service until the Government make some progress.
When summing up I hope the Minister will explain why action was not taken on the Mental Health Act 2007, because, I am afraid, the Minister’s opening remarks were entirely unsatisfactory.
The Bill has gone through Committee.
It has cross-party support.
It is ready to go, so where is it?
The treatment of people with learning disabilities and autism under the current Act shames our society.
The disproportionate impact on black people, who are four times more likely to be sectioned than white people, is appalling.
Prisons and police cells are no place for people with mental ill-health.
Surely that is not controversial in 2023.
It is, as the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , said, “a burning injustice”.
I cannot understand why the Government have broken their promise to address that matter finally.
It is long past time that mental health was treated with the same seriousness as physical health.
Labour will not only reform the Mental Health Act in our first King’s Speech, but recruit thousands more mental health professionals, provide hubs in every community, and set up mental health support in every school, so that young people can get the help they need when they need it.
[Interruption.]
The Minister says that they have done that.
What planet is she living on?
This is the problem with these Ministers.
Even when the faces change, the lines remain the same.
The Minister has not changed, but she is still reading from the same failed script.
This is the problem with the Conservative party.
Its message to the country is simple: “You have never had it so good.
Everything is going really well.
The reason we are churning all the Ministers in our Cabinet is that they are doing such a good job.
It is job done and time to give someone else a chance.”
I am afraid that that is why these Conservatives are so out of touch and will struggle at the next general election if their message to the country is that it has never had it so good.
Furthermore, unlike this Government, who crashed the economy in the most reckless way, we will pay for our policies, making sure that they are fully costed and fully funded—in this case, by ending tax breaks for private schools and private equity fund managers.
Politics is about choices: Labour chooses the wellbeing of the many, not the interests of the few, and we will fight the election on those lines any time.
I say call the election tomorrow, because we are ready.
When it comes to dentistry, I should also say farewell to two former Ministers, the hon.
Members for Colchester (Will Quince) and for Harborough (Neil O’Brien).
As the hon.
Member for Harborough departs Government, I hope that he does not take with him his pledge to bring forward a recovery plan for NHS dental services.
It has been seven months since he announced that such a plan would be forthcoming, yet it is now nowhere to be seen.
Indeed, last week, integrated care systems were given permission to raid their dentistry budget underspends and to remove the ringfence.
That follows a pilot in Cornwall, trialling making NHS dentistry available only to children and the most vulnerable.
It is the managed decline of NHS dentistry before our eyes.
If people want to know what the future of the NHS would look like with five more years of the Conservative Government, they need only look at the ghost of Christmas past in NHS dentistry.
The Conservatives blame the previous  Labour Government, but they have been in power for 13 years.
In 2010, we stood on a manifesto committed to reforming the NHS dental contract.
They have had 13 years to do it, and they have failed again and again, leaving us in the situation that we are in today, with Dickensian stories of desperate people performing DIY dentistry and tooth decay being the most common cause of children aged six to 10 being admitted to hospital.
It did not need to be this way.
I say to the new Secretary of State and her team that she may not have a plan, but Labour does, and she is more than welcome to nick it.
We will deliver 700,000 more urgent appointments a year, recruit dentists to the areas most in need, introduce supervised toothbrushing in schools to prevent children’s teeth from rotting, and reform the NHS dental contract so that everyone who needs an NHS dentist can get one— Is that it?