My hon.
Friend will be aware of the 50-plus champions that we have up and down the country.
The midlife MOT is being rolled out across the private sector and across jobcentres up and down the country.
Older Workers Week is coming up, and there is no doubt that there are successes up and down the country of workers beyond retirement age who are doing amazing work, whether that is the 96-year-old shop owner I met in Macclesfield, or many of the others I have met in the past few months.
These are great people whom we want to support into work on an ongoing basis.
Last week, I received a letter from the Minister for social mobility, youth and progression,  the hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , saying that she intends to close down the Jobcentre Plus on Renfield Street, which was opened on a temporary basis in 2021.
I know from having met the staff there that they have done a huge amount of work to get people in through the door—and in particular to work with employers—and into employment, including a programme for Ukrainians.
Why does the Department want to throw that all away and close it down?
I think the clue is in the name: it was a temporary jobcentre during covid.
I am happy that the specific Minister will write and further explain the situation.
We now come to topicals.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Given that remembrance is still fresh in all our minds, I take the opportunity to pay tribute to the armed forces champions who work across our jobcentre network looking after armed forces personnel and their families.
They do a fantastic job, and we should be very proud of them.
These are financially challenging times, but the DWP is up to that challenge, hence all the cost of living payments that we have been hearing about during questions.
Inflation is coming down and real wages are beginning to move up.
We continue to take a balanced and fair approach to encouraging employment, which has resulted in economic inactivity falling by about 300,000 since its peak, and almost three quarters of a million since 2010.
The Trussell Trust has reported a 68% increase in the number of emergency food parcels provided to Portsmouth people in just one year.
Does the Secretary of State agree that more and more people being pushed into poverty is not a lifestyle choice and that urgent Government action is required to tackle the cost of living crisis ahead of another difficult winter for constituents in my patch?
I certainly agree with the hon.
Gentleman that poverty is not a lifestyle choice.
We have gone through various statistics during questions, with 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty since 2010, 200,000 fewer pensioners in poverty since 2010 and 400,000 fewer children in poverty since 2010.
We have also gone through the cost of living payments, the increases to the national living wage and all the other support that the Government are providing.
The good people of Kettering would like to know what proportion of working-age adults are neither employed nor actively seeking employment and what the Department is doing to reduce that.
My hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for Kettering.
He will be aware that 20.9% of working-age people are inactive, down 0.7 percentage points from last year and down 2.7 percentage points from 2010, showing that our drive to get more people into jobs is paying off.
The UK now has a lower inactivity rate than the US, France and Italy.
We are doing more every single day, but we are also aware that there is more to do.