The cost of living crisis is plunging many families into destitution.
We know from the JRF that 1.8 million households and 1 million children were plunged into destitution last year.
Will Secretary of State use the upcoming autumn statement to bring forward the mortgage interest tax relief and action to tackle soaring food prices, and to reintroduce that £400 energy bill rebate?
Otherwise, more and more children will fall into destitution.
He has the power—will he respond at the autumn statement?
The hon.
Gentleman raises mortgage payments in particular; we have extended the scope of the support for mortgage interest arrangements, particularly for those who have not long been on universal credit.
I cannot comment on what may or may not be in the autumn statement, but I can assure him that the kind of issues he has raised are always at the centre of our thinking.
If he will undertake a review of the Personal Independence Payment assessment process for people with multiple sclerosis.
The Department closely monitors all aspects of the assessment process, including how we assess fluctuating health conditions such as multiple sclerosis.
Following the publication of the recent White Paper, we are looking at ways to further enhance the delivery of personal independence payments to all disabled people.
Orkney has the highest prevalence of multiple sclerosis anywhere in the world, so we have seen the problems  caused by PIP assessments that do not cope properly with fluctuating conditions.
We now have the adult disability payment in Scotland, but that still uses some of the same eligibility criteria.
As the Minister carries out the review, will he speak to Scottish Ministers to make sure that we have a system that works for every MS sufferer, wherever they are in the United Kingdom?
It is fair to say that I have a collaborative and strong working relationship with Ministers in the Scottish Government, and I would definitely be keen to talk them about the tests and trials that we are introducing, which I hope will help to better capture fluctuating conditions and help people to provide all of the right evidence as early as possible in the claim journey, so that we get people’s awards rights and make the right decisions.
We should certainly look to work UK-wide where we can.
Learning the lessons of our changes to special rules for the terminally ill and the principles of the severe conditions criteria should allow us to look at those who sadly have degenerative conditions such as MS and motor neurone disease.
Will the Minister confirm that, as part of the testing and piloting, the Department is looking at the potential for automatic entitlement for those with degenerative conditions, which would lift around a quarter of a million people a year out of unnecessary assessments?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong advocate for the severe disability group work that we have been taking forward.
I am pleased to be able to say that Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and the British Society of Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine have agreed to work in partnership with the DWP to test the SDG.
Reducing the assessment burden where it is inappropriate, and ensuring that people get the right support and help, is the right thing to do.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the hospitality sector-based work academy programme in Cities of London and Westminster constituency.
We are working with UK Hospitality and local providers up and down the country—from Liverpool to Manchester to Coventry; in London, of course; and also, to come, in Wales—to ensure that we have a hospitality work programme that provides employment training, work experience and a guaranteed job interview.
It is free for all DWP jobseekers.
It is early days, but the signs are promising.
May I first thank the Minister for Employment for joining me this morning at Ben Venuti, a brilliant café and deli in Pimlico, to celebrate hospitality in Cities of London and Westminster?
I am delighted that the hospitality SWAP pilot has been launched in my constituency, where we have thousands and thousands of hospitality jobs.
One of the businesses involved in the pilot is the Raffles London hotel, just up the road at the Old War Office, which I visited with UK Hospitality  recently.
What further steps is the Department taking to ensure that the scheme benefits minorities and those struggling the most with the cost of living crisis?
It was a tough ministerial visit to an award-winning coffee shop this morning—somehow, I missed the earlier hotel visit.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are driving forward that hospitality pilot to try to tackle the recruitment issues in that vital sector, which permeate all across the United Kingdom.
She will be keen to know that every person who passes gets a hospitality skills passport, which we believe can genuinely make a difference across all age groups and all sections of the community.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of work capability assessments for people with neurological conditions.
May I start by welcoming the hon.
Gentleman to his place in this House?
The work capability assessment is a functional assessment based on how a person’s condition affects them, not on the condition itself.
Work capability assessors have training across a range of health conditions, including neurological conditions, and can access a range of resources that have been quality-assured by relevant external clinicians.
My entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests has not been published yet, but I am a trustee of an epilepsy charity.
I thank the Minister for his welcome and for that answer, but for people with neurological conditions, particularly multiple sclerosis and epilepsy, the condition is not uniform.
One week they might be affected in one way, and the next week in a different way.
so the capability assessments have to match that so that they meet people’s capabilities as they are.
The published consultation on reforming the assessments is still causing a lot of concern for people with those conditions, so what more can the Minister do to make it a holistic process that recognises people’s needs as they are?
I am not in a position to set out the outcome of recent work capability assessment consultation, but a key principle underpinning the test and trials that I touched on earlier is to take better account of fluctuating conditions, helping people to provide high-quality evidence as early as possible in the claim journey.
We are spending a lot of time working with stakeholders to develop that work, and I would be very willing to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about that.
What steps his Department is taking to support people in Essex into employment.
Employment in Essex is up 4% on 2020 figures and better than in 2010.
Full credit goes to the Essex jobcentre  staff, who, working across the county with local skills providers, are providing real opportunities for local men and women.
They held a 50-plus event in Witham recently, for example, and my right hon.
Friend will be aware that there is a jobs fair in Maldon on Wednesday, just down the road from her constituency.
My hon.
Friend is well aware of the fact that Essex is a powerhouse when it comes to employment, job creation and economic growth.
That said, many businesses are still frustrated because they find recruitment and training difficult.
We have the autumn statement coming up, but will he touch on some of the cross-departmental discussions he has been having to look at how we can support businesses by lowering taxes, getting rid of regulation and red tape, and helping them to employ more people and grow the economy?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for her question, and for her robust championing of Conservative values and support for businesses and jobs in her constituency and across Essex.
We at the DWP are working across Government to ensure that we consider different ways of supporting jobs, investment, childcare support, higher-paid skills and pathways into work.
The views of my right hon.
Friend are strongly put, and I am quite sure that Treasury Ministers and the Chancellor will have taken due notice.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce youth unemployment.
The level of youth unemployment is down by 43.8% since 2010, and this Government remain committed to delivering targeted support to young people through our expanded DWP youth offer, providing comprehensive employment support for 16 to 24-year-olds claiming universal credit.
That offer includes intensive support through the youth employment programme, youth employability coaches and youth hubs across Great Britain.
I visit businesses on a weekly basis, and one thing they tell me in Ashfield is that they struggle to recruit apprentices.
One of the barriers is the requirement for English and maths, because a lot of these young people would make great apprentices but they either messed about at school or have not had that support.
What more can we do to get those young people into apprenticeships, and then support them with their maths and English at a later stage?
We fund apprentices to achieve English and maths qualifications by the end of their apprenticeships.
We understand how important they are for people’s long-term career prospects, and we are boosting the rate for those qualifications by 54% from January.
We are also piloting flexible English and maths requirements for young people with learning difficulties or disabilities, to ensure that they are not overlooked when it comes to apprenticeship opportunities.[Official Report,  16 November 2023 , Vol. 740, c. 7MC.]
Economic inactivity due to ill health has more than doubled for 18 to 24-year-olds over the past decade.
Why does the Minister think that is?
Could she also please look again at the closure of the local jobcentre in Halton Lea in my constituency because of building safety issues?