Upon Trooper Carlton's arrival, a member of Wicksburg Rescue advised

Carlton that another ambulance would be required for both patients

since they needed immediate medical attention.
Without hesitation,

Carlton transported Simon to Flowers Hospital in his patrol vehicle to

ensure rapid treatment and care.
Physicians, nurses, and hospital staff were able to stabilize Simon

after the incident, and both Jessica and Simon are expected to make a

full recovery.
I am confident Trooper Carlton's quick and selfless actions saved the

lives of Jessica and Simon.
I would like to thank Senior Trooper Christopher Carlton for his

service.
He serves the State of Alabama with integrity and always

answers the call of duty.
I extend my gratitude for his hard work and

diligence in public service.
The Second Congressional District of

Alabama is blessed to have such an outstanding citizen.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CORPORAL DONALD A. SHIELDS

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of service

and sacrifice of United States Marine Corps veteran Corporal Donald A.

Shields.
Cpl.
Shields was born in the town of Harpersfield, New York in 1932.
After graduating high school, Cpl.
Shields voluntarily enlisted into

the United States Marine Corps on September 7, 1951 during the onset of

the Korean Conflict.
Cpl.
Shields left his job as a dairy farmer to

serve.
After completing basic training, Cpl.
Shields was deployed to Korea

where he served selflessly and honorably.
Cpl.
Shields earned two

Purple Hearts for his valor and sacrifice, along with the Korean War

Service Medal, United Nations Service Medal, National Defense Service

Medal, and, most notably, the South Korean Presidential Unit Citation

for his service with the 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division in

Korea.
Following his 3 years of service in the Marines, Cpl.
Shields was

honorably discharged from active duty, although he continued to serve

in the Marine Corps Reserve until 1959.
Upon his return stateside, he

found employment as a truck driver for Mobil Oil Corporation.
Cpl.
Shields moved his family to Castleton, New York and drove for Mobil for

33 years before retiring.
Donald always remained involved in his local community.
He worked for

the Town of Schodack as a building inspector and member of the Zoning

and Planning Board.
Donald was also a member of the Veterans of Foreign

Wars Post 7337, a communicant of St Paul's Methodist Church, and a Boy

Scouts Troop Leader.
Donald was a proud family man, and enjoyed

traveling with his wife, spending time with his grandchildren, and

doing handyman work for his friends.
Corporal Donald A. Shields' record of service to his country and

Rensselaer County is admirable, and it is my honor on behalf of New

York's 21st Congressional District to recognize the commendable life

and inspiring legacy of Corporal Shields.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
ROBERT WHITMORE

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to formally commend Dr. Robert

Whitmore of New Bern, North Carolina for more than 40 years of service

as a physician and his exemplary record of service.
He has attended to

our Eastern North Carolina community and our Nation honorably.
His reputation and accolades for patient experience are a testament

to the great care and expertise he has consistently provided throughout

his career.
As a urologist myself, I understand that providing top

quality medical care is more than simply treating a disease but taking

the time to listen to patient concerns and answering their questions.
His standing in our community as a caring doctor, who personally

follows up with patients, shows his commitment to the profession and

his great character.
Furthermore, his CarolinaEast Beacon of Service

Award attests to his expertise and ability to touch the lives of so

many others.