As a urologist myself, I understand that providing top

quality medical care is more than simply treating a disease but taking

the time to listen to patient concerns and answering their questions.
His standing in our community as a caring doctor, who personally

follows up with patients, shows his commitment to the profession and

his great character.
Furthermore, his CarolinaEast Beacon of Service

Award attests to his expertise and ability to touch the lives of so

many others.
I would be remiss if I failed to say thank you for Dr. Whitmore's

service to our Country as a staff urologist in the U.S. Army.
Military

doctors endure so much, and it takes a special person to do the job.
Dr. Whitmore is a true servant-leader with a heart for others and is

revered among America's heroes.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring this incredible physician for

all he has done and continues to do for the people of Eastern North

Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GREG AND CAROL KUPP UPON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF KUPPY'S DINER

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Greg and Carol Kupp

upon the auspicious occasion of the 90th Anniversary of ``Kuppy's

Diner'' on August 6, 2023.
Kuppy's is located in the heart of Middletown, Pennsylvania, and has

remained a beloved landmark since Percy Kupp founded the establishment

in 1933, during the Great Depression.
Kuppy's has been owned and

operated by Fourth Generation Kupps (Greg and Carol) since 1991, with

the Fifth Generation (Rachel) working alongside them daily, and even

mentoring the Sixth Generation (Jackson) to take over someday.
The Kupp

Family is dedicated to continuing the tradition of their small,

hometown, hardworking, friendly, and community-based establishment

where all are welcome and treated like family.
Kuppy's Diner has enjoyed and earned extraordinary success, due in no

small part to Percy Kuppy's philosophy, ``if you serve good food at

reasonable prices, people will be satisfied.''
But perhaps the most

significant factor in Kuppy's longevity, popularity, and legacy is the

Kupp Family's tireless dedication to and appreciation of their

customers and community for nearly a century.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 10th Congressional District, and

surrounding communities, I'm honored and humbled to commemorate Greg,

Carol, and the entire Kupp Family upon the 90th Anniversary of Kuppy's

Diner in Middletown, Pennsylvania.
I wish them continued God's

blessings for all they have built, achieved, and contributed, not only

to the communities of Central Pennsylvania, but to the United States of

America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY K. CLARK

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary K. Clark as she

celebrated her 102nd birthday on August 9, 2023.
Ms. Clark proudly served our country as a World War II Navy

Lieutenant.
During the war, she worked on a triage group as an

operating room nurse stationed in the Pacific Theater.
While serving in the Navy she met her loving husband, Edward L. Clark.
The couple was married for 65 wonderful years.
Ms. Clark now resides in

Candler, North Carolina.
It is my honor to recognize her today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF JOAN KAPLAN DAVIDSON

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Joan

Kaplan Davidson, a philanthropist and champion of conservation in New

York State who recently passed away at the age of 96.
Joan spent her life advocating for the restoration and conservation

of New York's treasures and her legacy is one of vision and action.
She

served as the leader of the J.M. Kaplan Fund, as the New York State

Commissioner of Parks, Recreation, and Historic Preservation, and gave

her time to countless non-profit boards and committees.