This investment ensures they no longer bear this

burden, bringing critical services right to their doorstep.
This consulate is a living testament to the rich tapestry of cultural

and historical ties that bind the Greater Springfield Community with

the Italian diaspora.
The collaboration between the consulate and local

schools to offer Italian-language programs exemplifies this deep

connection, going back to the beginning of Springfield's relationship

with its sister city, Bracigliano, Italy.
Furthermore, this consulate

reinforces the essence of our shared stories, and serves as a beacon

for younger generations to explore, understand, and appreciate the

contributions and shared legacies of Italian-Americans in our district.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my appreciation for the reopening

of this consulate in Springfield.
It stands as a testament to the

shared heritage and enduring bonds forever connecting our two nations.
The consulate is a welcome addition to the First District, and I

anticipate many fruitful years of collaboration and growth ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MARIE A. MAK, DIRECTOR OF CONTRACTING AND

NATIONAL SECURITY ACQUISITIONS, GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the

dedicated public service of Ms. Marie Mak, Director of Contracting and

National Security Acquisitions at the Government Accountability Office

(GAO), upon her retirement from Federal service.
Ms. Mak has devoted

over 36 years of service to the Federal Government, including at Naval

Air Systems Command and the U.S. Coast Guard, before joining GAO in

2002.
Since entering the Senior Executive Service in 2014, Ms. Mak has

skillfully led numerous GAO teams to conduct insightful analyses of

acquisition programs and contracting processes within the Departments

of Homeland Security and Defense, resulting in high quality reports for

Congress.
Her wide-ranging portfolio has also included assessing the

Federal Government's response to hurricanes, wildfires, and other

natural disasters, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic.
Throughout her GAO career, Ms. Mak has taken a balanced, fact-based

approach to reviewing Federal programs--a fundamental cornerstone of

what Congress and the American public value about GAO.
Drawing on her

experience at the Coast Guard, where she helped develop strategic plans

and performance measures, and allocate resources, she was able to

understand the challenges that agencies often confront in their day-to-

day management efforts.
She coupled that experience with a critical eye

to recommended actions that agencies can take to improve their

acquisition processes to deliver better, timelier, and more affordable

systems used to execute their missions.
She has testified before

Congress several times on a variety of Coast Guard acquisition and

disaster response contracting issues and delivered numerous briefings

on key defense acquisition programs.
As a result of Ms. Mak's work,

Congress is able to hold agencies accountable to first responders,

warfighters, and the American public.
Ms. Mak has received numerous GAO awards throughout her career,

including the Customer Service Award and John Henry Luke Mentoring

Award.
While Ms. Mak's work has saved taxpayer dollars, she has also

positively impacted the growth and development of the people with whom

she works.
Ms. Mak embodies GAO's people values of ensuring others are

respected, valued, and treated fairly, and has served as a trusted

mentor and advocate that invests her time in coaching and developing

people.
Her focus on staff development will benefit the next generation

come.
I congratulate Ms. Mak on her well-deserved retirement and thank her

for her distinguished service to Congress and the American public.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING AND HONORING THE LIFE OF COLONEL BOB DILL

HON.
JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life and

military service of Colonel Bobby Dill, who passed away on August 14,

2023, at the age of 91.
Colonel Dill was a native of Greenville County in South Carolina.