Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Joan

Kaplan Davidson, a philanthropist and champion of conservation in New

York State who recently passed away at the age of 96.
Joan spent her life advocating for the restoration and conservation

of New York's treasures and her legacy is one of vision and action.
She

served as the leader of the J.M. Kaplan Fund, as the New York State

Commissioner of Parks, Recreation, and Historic Preservation, and gave

her time to countless non-profit boards and committees.
I had the

pleasure of working alongside her to designate the Hudson River as New

York's first Heritage River and to work to advance numerous local

waterfront development plans and historic preservation projects.
Joan

chose to make a profound impact through the power of small, decisive

actions, and her work has inspired me and countless others.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

honoring the enduring legacy of Joan Kaplan Davidson, a woman who made

a profound difference in the Hudson River Valley and New York State.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DALE HAMILTON'S 60 YEARS OF SERVICE TO NORTH CONWAY

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dale Hamilton

on his retirement from the North Conway Fire Department after an

impressive 60-year tenure as a firefighter.
His position as the

longest-serving member of the department speaks to his tireless

dedication to maintaining the safety of the North Conway community, and

his love for his work is an inspiration to those he serves with and

those he strives to protect.
His distinguished lifetime commitment to

public safety is vital to keeping New Hampshire safe, and I commend his

years of service to North Conway and the Granite State.
A longtime resident of North Conway, Dale joined the North Conway

Fire Department in 1963, and has remained a fixture in the department

ever since.
Dale's experience in all positions, including operator of

Engine 3, the ladder truck, and dispatcher, has made him an integral

member of the North Conway Fire Department.
Through his kind demeanor,

dedicated work ethic, and his love of his craft, Dale has become a

beloved and renowned member of the North Conway community.
While we can

never fully repay our debt of gratitude to Dale, we recognize his

decades of service and immeasurable impact.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to congratulate Dale Hamilton on his well-deserved

retirement and the work he has done to protect and serve the North

Conway community.
He will serve as a shining example for future North

Conway firefighters, and I look forward to seeing what his next chapter

holds.
I wish him all the best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE OPENING OF THE ITALIAN CONSULATE IN SPRINGFIELD

MASSACHUSETTS

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to

acknowledge a landmark moment for the people of Springfield and the

broader western Massachusetts community: the reopening of the Italian

Consulate in Springfield, Massachusetts.
The reestablishment of a consulate in our district is more than just

a diplomatic gesture; it is a tangible commitment by the Italian

government to enhance their services and accessibility throughout the

U.S. For years, residents with ties to Italy--ties that span

generations--have often had to embark on lengthy journeys to receive

consular services.
This investment ensures they no longer bear this

burden, bringing critical services right to their doorstep.
This consulate is a living testament to the rich tapestry of cultural

and historical ties that bind the Greater Springfield Community with

the Italian diaspora.
The collaboration between the consulate and local

schools to offer Italian-language programs exemplifies this deep

connection, going back to the beginning of Springfield's relationship

with its sister city, Bracigliano, Italy.