I knew Senator Scott well through his transformational work in the

state.
From 1988 to 1990, he served as Vice Chair for Richland County

Council.
He was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives

in 1990, where he served until his election to the South Carolina State

Senate in 2009.
Throughout his nearly 33 years in elected office,

Senator Scott sponsored legislation to promote access to education and

affordable housing, improve career outcomes for HBCU students, and

further rural equity.
He was recognized with many awards and accolades

throughout his service, from the Order of the Palmetto, South

Carolina's highest civilian honor; to receiving the South Carolina

National Guard Association Senator of the Year award; to receiving

honorary Doctorates from various universities.
His dedication to the betterment of the Palmetto State extended to

our South Carolina Military Department, as Senator Scott commanded the

Joint Services Detachment from February 18, 2017, to January 19, 2019.
During that time, he actively recruited to increase enrollment,

improved unit efficiency and readiness, and provided critical support

for the Youth ChalleNGe Academy Program.
Senator Scott was a man of faith and a longtime member of New

Ebenezer Baptist Church in Columbia, South Carolina.
He was an active

participant in the church, serving as Church Clerk from 1980 to 1995,

on the Trustee Board from 1980 to 2005, and as a Deacon from 2005 until

his passing.
He is lovingly remembered by his wife, Joan Crouch, son,

John L. Scott, III, extended family, political colleagues, and the

members of our shared brotherhood, Omega Psi Phi fraternity.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in recognizing

the life and legacy of Senator John L. Scott, Jr. Senator Scott

embodied the Biblical teaching to ``Be devoted to one another in love.
Honor one another above yourselves,'' and as such devoted his life to

improving the welfare of every South Carolinian.
He will be sorely

missed and well remembered.