JEFF DUNCAN

Mr. DUNCAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life and

military service of Colonel Bobby Dill, who passed away on August 14,

2023, at the age of 91.
Colonel Dill was a native of Greenville County in South Carolina.
He

was a 1955 graduate of Clemson University and earned a master's degree

from Oklahoma University.
In the U.S. Army, he served in Korea,

Vietnam, Germany and on Army Staff at the Pentagon.
After retiring from military service, he spent several years

investing in the next generation by working as a substitute teacher.
Later, he would leave retirement to take on a new career as a

newspaperman--working diligently to keep his community informed.
With

his wife LaVerle at his side, he wrote articles, attended countless

meetings, and remained devoted to printing the truth.
Mr. Speaker, Colonel Bob Dill's life was devoted to serving his

country and his local community.
Soloman tells us in the book of

Proverbs that ``a good name is to be chosen rather than great riches.''
Colonel Bob Dill was a kind man who loved his country, and his memory

will live on in the Third District of South Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO OHIO WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY'S GOSPEL LYRES CHOIR

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commend to the House the

50th anniversary of the first concert of Ohio Wesleyan University's

Gospel Lyres Choir.
From its founding in October of 1972 by students Cheryl Smith and

Marteal Pitts, the Gospel Lyres Choir provided a place for African

American students at Ohio Wesleyan to gather in fellowship and

friendship and to use their musical gifts to praise God.
At its debut

concert on campus on November 4, 1973, the Choir numbered an impressive

22 members.
Through the years, Choir members served as unofficial ambassadors of

Ohio Wesleyan, performing at churches not just in the city of Delaware,

Ohio, but across our great state and beyond.
Its members formed strong,

lifelong bonds as they touched countless lives with the Gospel message

they shared through their music.
Mr. Speaker, Choir alumni will gather on campus during Ohio

Wesleyan's homecoming weekend this October for a reunion concert and

celebration.
On behalf of the people of Ohio's Fourth Congressional

District, I thank the members of the Gospel Lyres Choir for

contributing so richly to the musical landscape of our great state.
I

wish them all the best as they mark their golden anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO SENATOR JOHN L. SCOTT, JR.
HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a dedicated

servant leader, good friend, and native son of South Carolina.
South

Carolina State Senator John L. Scott, Jr. transitioned from this life

on August 13, 2023, in Charleston, South Carolina.
His passionate work

to improve access to education and health care will have profound

implications for generations to come.
Senator John L. Scott, Jr. was born on October 21, 1953, in Richland

County, South Carolina, to the late John L. Scott, Sr.
and Gracie W.

Scott.
Senator Scott graduated from C.A. Johnson High School in

Columbia, South Carolina, and attended my alma mater, South Carolina

State University, where he graduated in 1975 with a bachelor's degree

in accounting.
He would go on to found J.L. Scott Realty Company, Inc.,

in 1981 and serve as owner and President of C&S Consulting Group.
I knew Senator Scott well through his transformational work in the

state.
From 1988 to 1990, he served as Vice Chair for Richland County

Council.
He was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives

in 1990, where he served until his election to the South Carolina State

Senate in 2009.