Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF KATHY BAILEY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
137

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF KATHY BAILEY

HON.
GLENN THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate

the life of Kathleen Bailey who passed away surrounded by her loved

ones earlier this month.
Born and raised in Northwest Pennsylvania, Kathy was known throughout

Oil City for her love and dedication to the region.
She was a true

advocate for Oil City, working hand-in-hand with local businesses for

the betterment of the community.
Those who knew Kathy could attest that

her enthusiasm was infectious.
Aside from her work in the community, Kathy was passionate about the

arts.
In her free time, she sang in the Barrow-Civic Theater and the

Erie Philharmonic Choir.
She also played the organ for St. Stephen

Church and St. Joseph Church.
Mr. Speaker, scripture in Thessalonians 4: 13-18 instructs us with

these words:

``Brothers and sisters, we do not want you to be uninformed about

those who sleep in death, so that you do not grieve like the rest of

mankind, who have no hope.''
Kathy lived to bring hope and optimism to so many in her community.
Let us also count our blessings that we were fortunate enough to know

Kathy Bailey.
I send my sincere condolences to her husband, Scott, and

their family during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AARON ANDERSON

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Aaron Anderson for

his efforts to better his community.
In high school, Aaron was a dedicated member of the youth service

club at Blaine High School.
As a member of ``Bengals in Action,'' he

spent countless hours volunteering at the North Anoka County Emergency

food shelf.
While volunteering, he noticed a problem with the procedure

for taking orders.
Luckily for Aaron, the solution lay in another area

of his interest, technology.
Aaron, with the help of his friend and fellow Eagle Scout, Andrew,

created a software application to help track the food shelf's orders.
The application immediately helped reduce confusion when taking orders

and increased efficiency in sorting and packaging donations for

distribution.
Their application keeps records of past food shelf

orders, family members, and dietary restrictions, which customers can

reuse each time they come in.
In fact, their program has allowed food and necessities to be

delivered to clients in half the time.
In recognition of their efforts, Aaron and Andrew were recently

presented with the Congressional Award.
The award represents the

highest Congressional honor available for young Americans.
Aaron and Andrew are true inspirations and examples of what it means

to be a community servant.
They are bright young men committed to

making a difference in the world and I look forward to seeing all they

accomplish in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ALABAMA LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY SENIOR TROOPER CHRISTOPHER

CARLTON

HON.
BARRY MOORE

Mr. MOORE of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the

heroic action of Senior Trooper Christopher Carlton with the Alabama

Law Enforcement Agency.
On February 17, 2023, at approximately 4:38 P.M., Senior Trooper

Carlton responded to a vehicle crash on Highway 84 in Houston County,

Alabama.
Senior Trooper Carlton rescued Jessica Joy Thrasher of Lynn

Haven, FL and 4-year-old Simon Thrasher, from the scene.
Upon Trooper Carlton's arrival, a member of Wicksburg Rescue advised

Carlton that another ambulance would be required for both patients

since they needed immediate medical attention.
Without hesitation,

Carlton transported Simon to Flowers Hospital in his patrol vehicle to

ensure rapid treatment and care.
Physicians, nurses, and hospital staff were able to stabilize Simon

after the incident, and both Jessica and Simon are expected to make a

full recovery.