29th year as head coach and his 41st overall year with the team, Coach Izzo recently added another accomplishment to his already impressive resume with his 700th career win, all of them with the Spartans.
It was quite a present for Izzo to reach this milestone on his 69th birthday, however his dedication to the Spartans, to the MSU community, and to his home state of Michigan is the gift he continues to offer to us all.
Growing up in Iron Mountain in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, young Tom Izzo dominated his high school football, track, and basketball teams.
He didn't know it at the time, but his decision to focus on basketball at Northern Michigan University not only changed his life, but changed the course of the history of the sport.
A tireless worker from the very beginning, it's no surprise that Tom Izzo went on to be named an AllAmerican and established the Wildcat record for most minutes played in a season.
Northern Michigan University is also where Izzo began his collegiate coaching journey, serving as an assistant until a position opened up at Michigan State University.
There, he worked under legendary coach Jud Heathcoate until his retirement, and in 1994 was officially named head coach of the Spartans.
His incredible statistics could fill volumes: Izzo led his team to the 2000 NCAA National Championship, 10 regular-season Big Ten Championships, six Big Ten Tournament titles, eight Final Four appearances, eight National Coach of the Year awards and a Big Tenrecord 25 straight NCAA Tournament appearances.
When the Spartans were selected for the 2023 NCAA Tournament, Izzo became the first men's basketball head coach in history to lead his team to 25 consecutive appearances.
He is MSU's all-time winningest coach, with his accomplishments enshrined in both the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and the Michigan Sports Hall.
And now, he joins an elite group of fewer than 40 Division 1 coaches to achieve 700 career wins.
So beloved by students is Tom Izzo that students must camp out to join the highly coveted ``Izzone'' section of the Breslin Center, resulting in a sea of green and white tents and a 24-hour revival-style demonstration of support and love for the section's namesake.
And when tragedy struck campus one year ago and a gunman claimed the lives of three students and injured several others, it was Izzo's voice the community turned to in the hours and days after the shooting.
At a campus-wide vigil, he encouraged each and every Spartan to confront fear and to stand together.
``We need each other,'' he told us.
``For 40 years I've always believed that at Michigan State, we are at our own strongest when we are together.''
That night, Tom Izzo described himself as ``just a basketball coach.''
But he is so much more.
A true leader and teacher, Coach Tom Izzo has brought so much more than hundreds of basketball wins to Michigan State University; he has brought stability, unity, and healing.
Tom Izzo personifies the characteristics of the ancient Spartans, who were known for being prepared, methodical, jovial, loyal, and courageous.
His heart beats to the tune of ``Victory for MSU'' and his blood runs pure Green and White.
With abiding gratitude, it is my honor to recognize his service here, in the United States House of