Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an incredible milestone reached by Raymond Tremblay of Vernon, Connecticut, who turns 100 years old on February 14, 2024.
Raymond is the epitome of a patriotic, service-oriented American and continues to live a full life.
Born on February 14, 1924, to Yvonne and Emile Tremblay in Berlin, New Hampshire, Raymond has been a devoted American, dedicating his life and work to bettering our country.
Raymond's life trajectory changed with our Nation's entry into the Second World War following the attack on Pearl Harbor.
In 1943, he heeded the call of his Nation to serve the United States in World War II.
Raymond was drafted into the Infantry and sent to train in North Carolina.
There he spent time honing his skills, preparing to be deployed at a moment's notice.
The Army Air Force, during a visit to the base for recruitment of new airmen and engineers, recognized Raymond's talent and commitment to the war effort and immediately approved his transfer to that branch of the service.
Now newly baptized as an airman, Raymond traveled to Texas to train as a flight engineer on a B-17 aircraft.
His attention to detail and devotion to his obligations led to a promotion to the rank.
Although never sent to fight in the European or Pacific theaters, Raymond was always ready to go wherever he was needed, a symbol of his devotion to his country.
After his service in the Air Force, Raymond used his newly acquired aviation knowledge to contribute to a leading company in the aerospace industry.
After the war concluded and he was discharged, Raymond returned home to Connecticut and found employment within the experimental and testing division at Pratt and Whitney where he could continue to support its mission with his skills and passion for working with aircraft.
Pratt and Whitney Aircraft was instrumental in developing jet engines in the Cold War era that made a decisive difference in protecting our allies and the U.S. homeland.
Until his retirement in 1982, Raymond was a part of that effort which our Nation should never forget.
During this time at Pratt and Whitney, Raymond also married his hometown sweetheart and the love of his life, Lillian.
Together they moved to Vernon, Connecticut in 1957.
In Vernon, Raymond fulfilled his life-long dream of settling down and owning his own home, a place he and his wife raised their family in and lived for over 60 years.