Mr. KIM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the selfless service and incredible accomplishments.
Sandra Ortega, a United States Air Force Veteran and retired Chief Master Sergeant.
She was the first African-American woman to join the Air Force in 1958.
Under the direct commission of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, Dr. Ortega dedicated her military career and life after serving to improving the lives of countless military families and communities.
It was in the Air Force where she challenged and broke down racial and gender stereotypes and barriers.
During her service, Dr. Ortega worked as the Chief of Social Actions where she implemented programs to help servicemembers and their families remain as constructive members of their military community and educate them on drug and alcohol addiction prevention.
Her service has had ripple effects across New Jersey and the Nation.
Not only did Dr. Ortega dedicate her life to serving our country, she has worked to improve the lives of communities around the world.
She worked to improve education and health infrastructures across Africa, rebuild and stabilize communities in the former Soviet Union after its dissolution, and other emergency management and relief efforts in disaster-stricken communities.
Dr. Ortega earned a Masters in Counseling Psychology from Ball State University, an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from Morgan State University, and a Ph.D. in Sociology from La Salle University.
Today, she spreads her love for, and the importance of, education through her role as an Adjunct Professor at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
The scope.
Ortega's work has touched so many lives, including some in my home.
A resident of Marlton, she has been elected three times as the Democratic Committeewoman representing Evesham Township, New Jersey in the Burlington County Democratic Committee.
Dr. Ortega not only excelled at serving her country and community, but she is a loving wife, mother, and grandmother.
She was married to her late husband, Julio Ortega, for over 60 years and has four daughters and nine grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Dr. Sandra Ortega and her positive impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor her tenure as a public servant and veteran of the United States Air Force.
We are lucky to have her inspiration in our community.