Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Superintendent Charles Davis of College Hill Church of God in Christ (COGIC).
Pastor Davis was a pillar in the Tampa Bay community and beloved by all who knew him or had the opportunity to join him in prayer.
He leaves behind a legacy of servant leadership that should inspire neighbors across the Tampa Bay area for decades to come.
Charles Davis was born in St. Petersburg, FL as the ninth of ten children to Willie and Dorothea Davis.
The family moved to Tampa in 1949.
Pastor Davis graduated from H.W. Blake High School in 1959 and from Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University in 1963 with a Bachelor of Science in Education.
Superintendent Davis met Deloris Longworth, and they were married in December 1966.
He embarked on a career of public service, education and as a faith leader.
The Church of God in Christ has been a part of the Tampa community for over 100 years.
From the years of 1964 to 1997, COGIC was pastored by Bishop W.E. Davis, Superintendent Charles Davis's father.
At age twenty-five, Charles decided to dedicate himself to God and lead a life as a leader in the church.
In 1997, the membership requested that Elder Charles Davis be appointed as The Pastor of COGIC.
Under the leadership of Superintendent Davis, COGIC has continued to thrive.
Superintendent Davis served COGIC in almost every level of ordination, including Deacon and Elder.
He served as Pastor, Sunday School teacher, chairman of the Administrative Board and Chairman of the Elders Council of the Jurisdiction.
His most beloved role was serving in the youth department as Jurisdictions Young People Willing Workers (YPWW) President.
Outside of COGIC, Superintendent Davis was bigger than life and very active in the Tampa civic community.
He was the Coordinator of Childcare and Head Start in Hillsborough County, a Hillsborough County Community Action Agency Director and Martin Luther King Scholarship Fund Board Member, a member of the Tampa NAACP and Tampa Urban League.
Superintendent Davis also held many special appointments, including the Mayor's Community Awareness Task Force, Florida Bar Grievance Committee and the Thirteenth Judicial and State Board Member of One Church One Child, appointed by the Governor.
Pastor Davis loved his family more than anything, and is survived by his wife, Deloris