Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my warmest congratulations to KABC-TV as it celebrates its 75th anniversary of broadcasting.
Launched on September 16, 1949 as KECA-TV on Channel 7, ABC's fifth television outlet and Los Angeles' seventh television station, the 7:00 p.m. premiere featured a program with civic leaders and a variety program, followed by a University of California Los Angeles-Oregon State University football game.
On February 1, 1954, the callsign of KECA-TV was changed to KABC-TV.
Since then, KABC-TV has established itself as one of the premier local news and information sources in Southern California, flourishing along with the City of Los Angeles as the area's population grew during the post-war years.
The station was originally located in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles until 2000 when it moved to its current home in Glendale.
Since its conception, the station has been instrumental in shaping public discourse, providing a platform for local issues, and celebrating the diverse communities.
With a team of well-versed and dedicated news anchors and reporters, the station delivers compelling news stories that are relevant and important to Angelenos, communicating complex issues with clarity and empathy.
KABC-TV's news anchors have been consistently described as approachable, authentic, and exceptionally skilled in their roles.
Throughout challenging times such as the Covid-19 pandemic, turbulent local politics, and devasting wildfires, these award-winning anchors and reporters have served as accurate, reliable stewards of information.
In the era of rapid technological change, KABC-TV has been at the forefront of innovation in digital and social media engagement, embracing the evolving media landscape and adapting its skillful strategies to connect with audiences across the region.
This commitment to modernization ensures that Southern California and Los Angeles in particular, receive timely and significant news, through televisions, accessing content via their phones, or through social media platforms.
KABC-TV has garnered numerous accolades, including many Emmy Awards from the Los Angeles Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
I am proud to recognize this outstanding station for its enduring legacy and immeasurable contributions to the television and news industry in our local communities.
I ask all Members to join me in congratulating KABC-TV Los Angeles upon its 75th anniversary.