Obviously, public safety is paramount in all of this, and I do want to say to the Minister that the fact that contingency plans were being drawn up is itself worrying.
I accept what the Chair of the Justice Committee,  the hon.
and learned Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , says about this being a sensible step to take, but it is indeed very worrying that we have to have contingencies in place.
If in the future these contingency plans are activated, what happens if the police decide not to prioritise an arrest and in the meantime that person goes on to harm someone?
I am thinking of non-contact sexual offences and, in particular, retail crime, which the Home Affairs Committee has been looking at recently.
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that arrests of offenders of the kinds she describes are extremely important, and at no point would I ever expect, even in the contingency outlined—in fact, it never came to pass, as I have set out—that offenders of the kinds she references would not continue to be arrested.
That is critically important.
The ECSL 70 measure—end of custody supervised licence for up to 70 days—which comes into effect tomorrow, is designed to ensure that such scenarios never come about, because as Policing Minister I want to make sure that we never see the situation she describes.
Will my right hon.
Friend accept that the action by the leader of the National Police Chiefs’ Council is against the separation of powers principles?
We make the law in this House, and we expect it to be implemented and administered without fear or favour.
What seems to be happening is that unelected chiefs, such as the NPCC leader, are interfering with the administration of justice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that things would be a lot better if the Criminal Justice Board had not failed to meet for two years, which is apparently what has happened?
Will he accept that we need to start putting things right?
The Times today describes it as a failure of administration.
I am happy to confirm that the Criminal Justice Board, chaired by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor, meets very frequently.
Indeed, I attended its most recent meeting just three or four weeks ago—with the Lord Chancellor, other Ministers, police leads, senior members of the judiciary and the Crown Prosecution Service, and many others—so I can categorically confirm that it does exist and it meets regularly.
On my hon.
Friend’s question about the police, the police are rightly operationally independent.
It is not for Ministers to direct how they discharge their duties; they discharge their duties appropriately with their  professional standards and professional judgment, and we support them in doing so.
Operational independence for the police is important, as I am sure everyone on both sides of the House respects.
It is obvious from the Minister’s demeanour that he does not like to be called to account, but he should reflect on the fact that the mere fact such a letter was written, and in the circumstances in which it was written, is a cause for concern, which he should be taking seriously.
It is symptomatic of a wider malaise in the English and Welsh criminal justice system.
Last year, 215,933 burglaries went unsolved across England and Wales—an average of 592 a day.
Is that not something the Minister should be addressing, rather than getting a little bit worked up with the shadow Home Secretary?
I may have got worked up, because the allegations being made were, in my view, unfounded and unsupported by the facts.
I was simply trying to put across the facts—both the numbers and also the quotes from the relevant policing lead—which flatly contradicted the dystopian picture that the shadow Home Secretary, characteristically, was seeking to paint.
To answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, we of course take such matters seriously.
The Lord Chancellor is working night and day to increase prison capacity, both by building new prisons expeditiously and by pulling every lever at his disposal to build more capacity within the existing estate.
The prisons are pretty full because the police have done a good job at identifying, catching and incarcerating dangerous criminals.
A thoughtful approach, of the kind called for by the Chair of the Justice Committee, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , has been taken.
That is why, with the implementation of the end of custody supervised licence tomorrow, the issues and contingencies provided for in the letter of last week will no longer be required.
It was an eight-day period and, thankfully, those contingencies were not in fact required.
It is reassuring to hear from the Minister that the contingencies were not required, but also interesting to see that the letter was actually issued.
Given his reactions here today to that, what process has he put in place to ensure that he is consulted before any such instructions or suggestions are issued?
As a former Home Office Minister, my hon.
Friend has a great deal of experience in this area.
The police are operationally independent, but we liaise closely with them and the National Police Chiefs’ Council.
I have regular discussions with Gavin Stephens, who chairs the NPCC, and, in relation to this matter, with Chief Constable Rob Nixon, who is the criminal justice lead, and with Deputy Chief Constable Nev Kemp of Surrey, who is the lead for custody.
I will take this opportunity to place on the record my thanks to police up and down the country for their careful management over the past seven days, which has ensured that our fellow citizens have been kept safe.
North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire police have just arrested 62 people in a county lines operation.
They seized swords, a machete and a crossbow, and took 3 kg of cannabis, crack  cocaine and heroin off the streets, alongside the misery and violence that characterises county lines gangs.
I am so grateful to them for that work, but are the Government suggesting that they should have allowed it to continue until further notice under these contingency plans, all because the Government have so mismanaged the criminal justice system and the collapse in prison places?
First, prison places have not collapsed; I think there are more prison places now than in the recent past.
I congratulate North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire police on that operation, which the hon.
Lady said led to 62 arrests of dangerous criminals.
As I have said, none of the contingencies referenced were activated, and there was never any question of dangerous criminals of that kind not being arrested.
That is exactly the kind of operation we like to see.
I am speaking from memory, but I think we have closed down something like 6,000 county lines in the past four years.
I am delighted to see such operations successfully putting dangerous criminals where they belong: behind bars.
I am glad to hear that the contingency contained in the letter was not required.
We can tell how tough this Government are being on crime and criminals by the very heavy population in our prison estate.
The long-term solution is to build more prisons.
Can the Minister update us on when he estimates the prison building programme will catch up with the prison population?
The Justice Secretary and the Prisons Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Charnwood (Edward Argar) , who is also here, are building prison capacity rapidly.
By the end of next year they will have added 10,000 prison places, including at sites such as HMP Millsike, which will be open shortly.
We are embarking on a huge prison construction programme, which is on top of the fact that we already have record numbers of prison places.
The fact that we have filled those up with criminals, serving typically longer sentences, is testament to the successful approach to law and order that this Government have taken.
Last Friday I attended a community meeting in my constituency with a group of residents, our local safer neighbourhood team and some of our elected councillors.
It was in response to a fatal shooting of a young 26-year-old.
The residents spoke about having the reassurance of knowing that the suspect had already been arrested, thanks to the work of the local police.
What is the Minister’s message to my constituents, and many others across the country, where suspects will now not be arrested as a result of this guidance?
First, I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady’s local police for the work they have done.
I gently refer her to my previous answers: there have been no arrests that ought to have taken place but did not as a result of this contingency.
The way she framed her question completely ignored the answers I have previously given.
The contingencies referred to in the letter were not in fact required, so her constituents and everybody else’s can be assured that the police are continuing to do their job of arresting dangerous criminals.