The Secretary of State was asked— What recent steps her Department has taken to improve internet connectivity.
What recent steps her Department has taken to improve internet connectivity.
What recent steps her Department has taken to improve internet connectivity.
More than 82% of UK premises can now access gigabit-capable broadband, up from just 6% in January 2019.
The National Infrastructure Commission recently reported that we are on track to meet our target of 85% gigabit coverage by 2025.
Through Project Gigabit, we have already signed 31 contracts, with another this week, to bring fast, reliable connectivity to hard-to-reach communities across the UK.
We have also created an attractive pro-competition environment to build networks in this country.
Investment in fixed networks increased by 40% in real terms from 2019 to 2022, with more than 100 providers rolling out gigabit broadband across the UK.
I very much welcome the Minister’s response, but does she agree that we need to ensure that we do not create a new digital divide where only parts of certain communities are upgraded, depending on where they are situated and where they are connected to the telecom box?
This is causing a lot of concern in my constituency, where a continuing digital divide is being created.
Making sure that we do not have a digital divide is at the heart of Project Gigabit.
By the time the programme is over, 99% of premises in our country will have gigabit-capable coverage, but during the roll-out process some will get that coverage sooner than others.
We just had a new contract signed for Yorkshire, which will cover 3,400 premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
He is right that we must ensure that premises between the commercial roll-out and the contract roll-out from Project Gigabit are not left out.
Fast internet connections are just as important in rural areas such as Broadland and Fakenham as they are in the rest of the country.
I welcome the Government’s gigabit project.
In Norfolk, it is rolling out 62,000 new connections and unlocking another 45,000 from the commercial sector, but will the Minister explain why it is taking so long and how we can accelerate the project even more?
We are rolling out gigabit networks faster than any EU country.
I understand that the east of England has had particular connectivity challenges, which is why four contracts are being rolled out across that part of the country.
As my hon.
Friend said, there are 62,000 premises in Norfolk, 8,000 of which will be in his constituency.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on broadband and digital communication, I am pleased that the number of premises with access to gigabit-capable broadband in my constituency has increased from 3% in 2019 to 54% as of March.
What more can my hon.
Friend do to address the shortfall in coverage in the hardest-to-reach areas, and to expedite those awaiting a type C procurement contract, to ensure that we promote universal coverage across the UK?
My hon.
Friend has probably been one of the strongest and toughest broadband champions in this House.
I think of her and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Banff and Buchan (David Duguid)  always when I have meetings with Building Digital UK.
Let me reassure her that we are making very good progress on type C. We have named a preferred supplier for that contract and we hope to have a lot more news on that soon, which will be of interest to people across the country, particularly those in her constituency.
Hull already has high superfast broadband, and although we welcome competition, we do not welcome broadband poles being put up all across the constituency.
What can the Minister do to force companies to share their infrastructure and stop the blight of ever-increasing numbers of poles appearing up and down our streets?
I have met the hon.
Lady about this issue, and I have made representations to KCOM and Connexin, the companies involved in her neck of the woods.
I believe that productive talks are under way between them, overseen by Ofcom.
We hope that a lot more progress will be made, and that network roll-outs will be paused when there seems to be overbuild.
In Wellingborough and Rushden, organisations such as Serve and the Teamwork Trust offer digital support for the excluded, but for low-income households, access to the internet through libraries and schools is a key tool for employment and betterment.
In rural towns such as mine, what is the Department doing to ensure that low-income households have access to digital services?