There is a question here.
Prime Minister, can we please ensure that we embed recognition of early signs of sepsis?
It would not have worked for me—mine was  too quick and too sudden—but many people do get a few days.
If we can stop somebody from ending up like this, I would say that that is a job well done.
I would also like to impress upon Health Ministers the importance of allowing the provision of appropriate prosthetics, particularly for multi-limb amputees, at the right time.
Thank you, Mr Speaker; thank you, Prime Minister.
[Applause.]
It is so wonderful to hear from my hon.
Friend.
I thank him for his kind words, but I also personally pay tribute to his family, who are here in the Chamber.
I know first hand the extraordinary job they did to support him over the past several months, and they all deserve our absolute admiration and thanks for what they have done.
Before I answer the substantive question he has raised, I also join him in paying tribute to the NHS workers who looked after him.
My hon.
Friend is right that sepsis is a devastating condition; we are working hard to raise awareness of it, and I know that he will play a leading role in doing that.
Without getting into all the details, I will just say that he is right: as the NHS itself has recognised this morning, more needs to be done, and I can assure him that we will do that.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins)  will discuss with him shortly, as will I, his suggestions for how we can improve care and awareness for people, but I will end where I started earlier today:
Craig, you have inspired each and every one of us.
Thank you.
12.39 pm (Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the impact on public safety of the request to chief constables to reduce arrests in response to the prison capacity crisis.
I am delighted to have the opportunity to talk about public safety, about the record number of police officers in this country—3,000 more than under the last Labour Government—and about the fact that according to the crime survey there is less than half the crime today than there was under the last Labour Government.
There were 620 homicides in the last year of the last Labour Government, compared with 577 in the last year.
I am delighted to talk about all those excellent criminal justice results.
I believe this urgent question was prompted by a letter circulated about a week ago by Chief Constable Rob Nixon in his capacity as criminal justice lead for the National Police Chiefs’ Council, in which he referred to short-term prison place pressures over a period of eight days expiring tomorrow.
I have spoken to Chief Constable Rob Nixon in the last half an hour and he has confirmed to me that the contingencies referred to in the letter were not required.
He said the contingencies were not required because the prison place situation in practice did not merit it; he said there have been no delays to arrests that he is aware of; and he has said that while a small number of people were conveyed to court in police cars and there was a small number of delays to arrival at court, no one who should have got to court did not do so.
I am delighted to confirm to the House that the contingencies referenced in the letter did not materialise, and that the short-term fluctuation referenced in the letter will be over tomorrow.
I have to say that the Minister’s response is shocking: telling people they have never had it so good when faced with this crisis in the criminal justice system shows just how out of touch he is.
The state of crisis in the criminal justice system after 14 years of Conservative Government is now so dire that police chiefs were asked to arrest fewer people because the system could not cope.
At the Operation Safeguard silver update they were asked to consider pausing any planned operations where large numbers of arrests might take place to ease the pressure within the criminal justice system—because this Tory Government, in power for 14 years, had so catastrophically failed to manage the criminal justice system or build the basic prison places promised.
Last week alone there were 280 prisoners in police cells overnight; we have got early release, massively expanded, starting tomorrow, including for domestic abusers; and now this serious impact on public safety of Operation Early Dawn telling the prisoner escort service not to collect prisoners from police stations to take them to court because there are not enough places, with police forces having to pick up the pieces instead.
The NPCC said in its letter in the strongest terms that that is unsustainable and that it risks public safety.
Will the Minister tell us what assessment he did when these letters went out, and when the crisis reached this point, of the scale of the challenge?
Who, in these circumstances, does he think it is acceptable not to send to court because of his Government’s abject failure on law and order?
Violent criminals?
Domestic abusers?
Repeat shoplifters?
And which big operations involving lots of arrests does he think should be paused in these situations?
Crackdowns on drugs rings or grooming gangs?
Swoops on people smugglers?
And when should they be paused until?
Where is the Government plan?
Arrests have already halved since the Tories came to power, and charge rates have already dropped through the floor.
The legacy of 14 years of Tory government on law and order is more criminals let off, more victims let down.
Britain deserves better.
The right hon.
Lady likes to pontificate in an animated fashion, but the fact is that, according to the crime survey, crime has halved since the Government of which she was a part left office.
She feigns indignation about the early custody release scheme, but she forgot to mention that, under the last Labour Government, it ran for three years and saw 80,000 people released early.
The right hon.
Lady referenced the letter from last week.
I have a message here from Chief Constable Rob Nixon, sent to me about 45 minutes ago, updating me on the actual situation, so let me just read out to the House what it says.
The National Police Chiefs’ Council criminal justice lead said: “There have been no delays to arrests.”
He said there have been some minor delays in getting people to court, but everyone who needed to got there.
A small number were conveyed by police, but there was limited operational impact.
He says: “There has been no compromise to public safety, and the contingency of delaying arrests was not activated as it was not necessary.”
That is from the National Police Chiefs’ Council, sent 45 minutes ago.
Those are the facts, and I suggest the right hon.
Lady sticks to them.
[Interruption.]