The ONS data released today shows that consumer prices index inflation has fallen to 2.3%—a return to normal levels last seen before the pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
Earlier this week, the IMF said that the UK economy is “approaching a soft landing”.
It upgraded its forecasts for UK growth in 2024, having seen lower inflation accompanied by stronger than expected growth in the first quarter.
These developments are proof that the Government’s plan is working, the difficult decisions we have taken are paying off and the UK economy really is beginning to turn the corner.
Let me start with the inflation figures.
When the Prime Minister came to office less than two years ago, inflation was over 11%.
The fall to 2.3% means that we have seen the fastest fall in inflation in nearly half a century.
The UK now has a lower inflation rate than the United States, France and Germany.
Food inflation is at its lowest level since November 2021, having fallen for 13 consecutive months, and staples such as milk, cheese and eggs are now cheaper than they were this time last year, although there is more to do.
Energy bills have also come down, with the price cap for the typical annual bill now over 25% lower than a year ago, although they are still above where they were in 2021.
The fall in inflation has not happened by accident.
The Government have had to make difficult decisions to get us to this point, as well as supporting the Bank of England as it has acted to bring down inflation sustainably.
We have reduced borrowing, which is now forecast to fall in every year to 2028-29, and we are acting to boost growth without generating inflation.
We have frozen fuel and alcohol duty, which the Office for Budget Responsibility estimates will reduce inflation by 0.2% in this financial year.
Moreover, in the face of widespread pressure we have reached fair pay deals for public sector workers, instead of doing what the Labour party would have done: cave in to inflation-busting pay demands.
We must always remain vigilant when it comes to inflation, but today’s numbers show the benefits of sticking to our plan.
We know that recent years have not been easy for people, but with wages having now grown faster than inflation for 10 months in a row, families around the country will start to see their money go further.
And we are doing more, because on this side of the House we recognise that while the tax rises of recent years may have been necessary at that time of crisis, they should not be permanent.
We will do the hard work to bring taxes back down, because we know that to do so will lead to more growth for our economy.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has already delivered tax cuts worth £900 for the average worker.
Since 2010, the effective tax paid by somebody on an average salary has fallen under Conservative Governments from 24% to 19%.
Combined with national living wage increases, that means the after-tax income of somebody on the lowest legally payable wage has gone up by 35% in the  same period.
Labour’s approach is different.
All Labour Governments since the 1970s have increased the tax burden in both good times and bad.
Given the fiscal rules Labour has set, the only way for it to pay for its spending commitments would be to raise taxes by considerably more than the £20 billion of tax increases they have already outlined.
I will now turn to the IMF’s annual article IV mission to the UK and what it said about the Government’s other economic priority, beyond inflation, to deliver growth and opportunity for the whole United Kingdom.
The IMF’s message was, overall, a positive one.
We have seen growth of 0.6% in the first quarter of this year that is stronger and more broad-based than many independent forecasters expected, and no other G7 country has grown faster in the first quarter on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
The IMF has upgraded its forecast for the whole of this year from 0.5% to 0.7%, and in April said that the UK is expected to see the fastest cumulative growth of any major European economy over the next six years.
That is partly the result of our focus on areas that the IMF says are critical to delivering sustainable economic growth: boosting jobs, boosting the labour supply and increasing business investment.
We already have a proud record on jobs.
The president of the CBI recently described the UK as a job-creating factory.
That is because, over the last 14 years, we have built one of the most flexible, dynamic labour markets in Europe.
But we cannot take that for granted and we cannot let the Labour party impose new burdens on employers, which would turn a job-creating factory into a French-style inflexible labour market.
Unemployment in France, as it so happens, is nearly double that of the United Kingdom—indeed, not far off where it was in the UK under the last Labour Government.
We must not turn the clock back.
The OBR estimates that cuts in national insurance will bring the equivalent of 200,000 more people into the workforce—enough to fill nearly a quarter of the vacancies in our economy.
We are reforming welfare.
Labour has said it is against welfare sanctions—fair enough, that is its position—but that will mean more people on our welfare rolls, not less.
The reforms of the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions will help 1 million people move from welfare into work, at a cost of £2.5 billion.
Meanwhile, the introduction of full expensing, the biggest business tax cut in decades, will boost business investment by £15 billion in the coming years and give this country the most generous capital allowances in the OECD.
There is more to do, and the IMF is right to point out that further bold reforms will be needed and that boosting growth and productivity is the key challenge for the United Kingdom.
However, in the words of the IMF’s managing director, the UK is in a good place.
Inflation is back to more normal levels, growth is picking up, wages are rising and we are cutting taxes.
The plan is working, and the difficult decisions that have been taken by the Government are starting to pay off.
Now is not the time to change course, because given Labour’s policies on jobs, welfare reform and tax, we know that the difference, if it is elected, will be profound and damaging for every family in the country.