The Minister is basically saying the same today, yet my inbox is full of cases of where perpetrators of domestic violence, rape, sexual violence and child abuse against multiple victims are being released early from prison.
Does he think that someone who has raped someone, gone to prison, come out and done it again is not deemed a threat to the public?
I can answer the hon.
Lady’s question specifically: the early release scheme that the Lord Chancellor established expressly excludes serious violence and sexual offenders, including rapists.
There is an additional safeguard, which did not exist in the previous Labour Government’s equivalent scheme: a governor’s veto of early release if they believe there is a threat to public safety.
I am glad that the Minister has brought the Lord Chancellor and the Prisons Minister with him, as they can explain how 70-day early release—Operation Early Dawn—means that criminals either will not be locked up or are being let out early.
Is the truth not that he is presiding over operational failures in policing, the courts and the prison system, and is responding to them with ad hoc panic measures?
The police are successfully reducing crime, for which I thank them.
In the last calendar year—the most recent year for which figures are available—there were 30,000 more successful outcomes, which typically means a prosecution, than the previous year.
The courts and prisons systems in England and Wales—as in Scotland and around the world—are under pressure, candidly speaking, largely as a result of the post-covid environment and delays that built up in the system during covid, which have not yet cleared.
That is not unique to this jurisdiction.
Those people released according to the criteria that I mentioned are closely supervised under licence, and subject to recall should they breach that licence.
My constituent Johnny Wood’s sister Jackie was tragically killed by four men driving a stolen lorry in 2018.
They were convicted of dangerous driving, but one of them has been released from prison, having served only half his sentence—just five years.
He is reported to have broken his banning order from the local area while under supervision from the Probation Service.
Johnny and his family have been let down by every part of the system over the last six years.
What is the Minister’s message to Johnny, and what specifically can he do to help in this case?
I have every sympathy for victims such as the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and the truly tragic case that she outlines.
If she would like me to look into particular policing aspects of that case, I would be happy to help.
If it is a prisons, probation or sentencing-related issue, my right hon.
Friends from the Ministry of Justice stand ready to help her and her constituent.
In relation to automatic release on to licence, under the last Labour Government all offenders ended up getting automatically released at the halfway point.
This Government have substantially reduced that, including for offences such as rape.
I recall in a Bill Committee a couple of years ago that Labour MPs voted against a measure to keep rapists in prison for longer.
Over the weekend I was almost in tears reading a letter from a local primary school of an account of one of their young mums who felt so intimidated by antisocial behaviour on her estate that she was unable to walk her young son to school in the morning.
The school tried to  provide a social worker to escort her, but they also felt intimidated.
What message does it send to the school, the mum and her child about the safety of our streets when chief constables feel it necessary to deprioritise arrests on the Minister’s watch?
Cases of the kind that the hon.
Lady describes would not have been in the scope of the contingency outlined in the letter of a week ago.
The antisocial behaviour that she described is completely unacceptable.
I am sure that many Members are parents and would want their own children to go to and from school safely.
The Government have launched an antisocial action plan, one of the elements of which is a funded scheme for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols.
That started just a few weeks ago, so I would urge the hon.
Lady to speak to her local police and crime commissioner—I think a newly elected one in Northumbria, if memory serves me correctly—and to ask that one of the funded hotspot patrols be set up in the vicinity of that school to try to tackle the issue that she described, because no parent should have to face that.
Figures published last month showed that Bedfordshire police has the slowest response time to 999 calls, because of understaffing.
Does the Minister realise how ridiculous it sounds to ask the police not to police and to arrest fewer people, because his Government have broken the justice system and are allowing criminals to get away scot-free?
That is a completely inaccurate characterisation of the situation.
The eight-day period provided for a contingency that was not required.
I have read to the House an assurance from the relevant National Police Chiefs’ Council lead that arrests were not forgone or cancelled as a result of the contingency.
More widely, as I have said, we have record police numbers and lower crime than 14 years ago, and I would have thought that we would all welcome that.
The issue with prison capacity is partly a crisis of reoffending.
Dartmoor prison was subject to an inspection last year, and was awarded only one out of four because of inadequate education and work opportunities.
HMP Dartmoor holds a large number of people convicted of sexual offences, but the report says that there were no accredited programmes for rehabilitation.
Sexual offences in Devon and Cornwall rose by 19% in the year to 2023.
Does the Minister accept that the prison capacity crisis is partly about reoffending, and what is he doing about it?
The Justice Secretary has assured me that Dartmoor is a well-run and well-regarded prison.
One of the reasons why my colleagues in the Ministry of Justice, here on the Benches, are presiding over such a large increase in prison capacity is to ensure that prisoners are better rehabilitated in the prison estate.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly mentioned reoffending: preventing reoffending is critical.
Much offending is connected with drug addiction—some estimates suggest nearly half—so getting more people into treatment is important, both in the courts system and in the prison estate.
It is critical that, as people leave prison and re-enter the community, the drug treatment they received in prison continues in the community.
We call it continuity of  care, and it has increased quite dramatically recently—I would like it increase even more.
That is one of the ways that we will reduce reoffending, which, as he said, is an important policy objective.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker, I wonder if you could help me to get some answers.
The Minister said during the urgent question that certain criminals who are a risk to the public would not be released, unlike Charlie Taylor, the inspector of prisons, who said that high-risk prisoners are being released under the scheme.
I have heard of a case where it took the court 29 months to hold a sentencing hearing on actual bodily harm against two different people as part of a domestic abuse situation.
The prisoner was sentenced to four years, and was deemed to be such a risk because of previous sexual violence convictions that he was put on remand.
On the day of the sentencing hearing, he was released immediately because he had been identified as suitable for early release.
Yet the Minister told me today that no one with a history of sexual offending, who was a risk to the public or who had committed domestic abuse would be released.
That is just one of many cases.
I wonder whether the Prime Minister or the Minister has misled the House.
Could you advise me how I could take that up?