The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 22 May.
I know the whole House will join me in remembering the victims of the horrific Manchester Arena bombing seven years ago today.
Our thoughts are with them and their families.
I pay tribute to Figen Murray, who joins us in the Gallery, for the courage and bravery of her campaigning in her son Martyn’s memory.
I look forward to meeting her later today.
I also add my personal welcome back to Parliament to my friend and colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
No one who watched his interview last night could have failed to be awed by his incredible resilience.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I, too, welcome  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay)  back to the House and wish him well in his duties.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks.
The Association of Dental Groups, in its May 2022 report, identified my Wellingborough constituency as one of England’s dental deserts.
I welcomed the Prime Minister’s grand scheme to send dental vans to constituencies like mine but, months on, he is having to U-turn because there are not enough vans.
Why can he not address this issue seriously?
That is not right.
Actually, thanks to our dental recovery plan, we are delivering 2.5 million more dental appointments.
There is a new patient premium and new provision for remote communities, and we know the plan is now delivering because, since it was announced in January, over 500 more dental practices are now accepting new patients.
I also point out to the hon.
Lady that, compared with her party’s plan, we are producing more than twice the number of extra appointments to get people the treatment they need.
Today’s news on inflation is good news not just for consumers in Carshalton and Wallington but for capital projects, such as the investment in St Helier Hospital and in building a second hospital in my constituency, protecting A&E and maternity services locally.
Given the good news on the economy, will the Prime Minister recommit today to working with the NHS in my area to build that second hospital and improve St Helier Hospital?
And does he agree that we can only underpin a strong NHS with a strong economy?
We are investing in better healthcare right across our country, and I am delighted to see that Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust was recently allocated over £6 million to upgrade A&E and will benefit from a new specialist emergency care hospital in Sutton as part of the programme.
As my hon.
Friend says, that is possible only because of the difficult decisions we have taken to bring inflation back to normal and grow the economy.
Today’s figures show that the plan is working, and I am sure the whole House, perhaps including the Leader of the Opposition, will welcome the news that inflation is now back to normal.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I will begin by saying a few words to  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
First, thank you for meeting me privately this morning with your wife and daughter, so I could personally convey my best wishes to all of you.
Secondly, on some occasions—there are not many—this House genuinely comes together as one, and we do so today to pay tribute to your courage and determination in not only coming through an awful ordeal, but being here with us today in this Chamber.
Thirdly, I want to acknowledge your deep sense of service.
I think politics is about service, and resuming your duties as an MP and being here today is an example to all of us of your deep sense of service, and we thank you for it.
I also welcome Figen Murray, who is up in the Gallery, who lost her son Martyn seven years ago today in the Manchester Arena attack.
We remember everybody  who was lost in that awful attack.
She is campaigning for Martyn’s law, which we must make a reality as soon as possible.
The infected blood scandal reflects a profound failure across almost every part of the British state.
In our apologies on Monday and on the question of compensation yesterday, this House was united; however, we have too many times heard similar sentiments from that Dispatch Box and this one.
There are many hard yards to go.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we will make real progress only if we finally tackle the lack of openness, transparency and candour that Sir Brian Langstaff identified as having prolonged the victims’ suffering for decades?
The inquiry was established to get to the truth and provide answers, and this week’s report represents a hugely significant moment for the community.
This was an appalling scandal.
I am sure the whole House is grateful for the diligent work of all those who have supported Sir Brian Langstaff and the work of the inquiry.
I also pay tribute to the bravery of every individual who has come forward and told their story in their fight for justice; their voices have finally been heard.
I agree with the right hon.
and learned Gentleman: we will listen to them and ensure that nothing like this can ever happen in our country again.
The infected blood scandal is truly shocking, but it is not unique.
The story is familiar: concerns raised but ignored; reports written but not acted on; victims and their families campaigning for years just to be heard.
If I may, I want to focus on the duty of candour—or lack of it—that has been a failing in scandal after scandal and injustice after injustice from Grenfell to Horizon, Hillsborough and now the infected blood scandal.
I have read that the Government have called for evidence on the duty of candour in health, but I cannot think of a single example where that duty of candour should not apply to all public servants across the board.
I do not think it is possible for any of us to stand at these Dispatch Boxes and honestly say “Never again” unless we address that.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the time has now come for the duty of candour to be clearly enshrined in law across the board?
I am, of course, aware of the recommendation made by Sir Brian Langstaff in the final report of the inquiry on the duties of candour and accountability.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care previously introduced the duty of candour to the health service.
It is important that the Government take the time to fully digest the gravity of the report’s findings.
The wrongs that have been committed are devastating and life-altering for so many, and ensuring that nothing like this ever happens again is a priority.
We are sympathetic to that, and are going through the recommendations in detail at the moment before providing a comprehensive response.
Of course, given the situation and the gravity of the findings, it is a recommendation for which there is an enormous amount of sympathy.
I understand that the Prime Minister wants to look at the recommendations in detail and to come back to them in due course, but we cannot look  away on this duty of candour.
Can I ask the Prime Minister at least to expand the call for evidence on the duty of candour beyond health?
We owe it to the victims of Hillsborough and Horizon to work across the House to establish a far-reaching and binding duty of candour as quickly as possible.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman will remember that on Monday I said very specifically that the patterns of behaviour we have seen in this appalling tragedy have been replicated in others, and I mentioned Hillsborough specifically, so I am very aware that there are structural and behavioural cultural problems that we need to fix.
There is an enormous amount of support and sympathy for the principle of the duty of candour.
He will understand that we are digesting the full contents of the report, but of course we want to right the wrongs of the past and, crucially, ensure that nothing like this happens ever again.
In his report, Sir Brian identified a number of individual failures, even cover-ups, but alongside that he also found equally important and harder to reach institutional and cultural failings, including in the NHS: a defensive attitude that refused to acknowledge problems, the silencing of those who raised concerns and a total failure of leadership when faced with the truth.
The NHS does a remarkable job every day, but those failings are indefensible.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the very culture of the NHS needs to change?
Yes, Mr Speaker.
I discussed this issue on Monday in my response to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromsgrove (Sir Sajid Javid) .
The NHS provides lifesaving care to so many people every single day, for which we are enormously grateful, but the report makes it crystal clear that there were significant failings.
The NHS failed: it failed people and it let them down.
It is right that the NHS is held accountable for that and learns the lessons.
There clearly have been improvements and changes in medical practice since that time, but going forward we need to go through the full recommendations of Sir Brian Langstaff’s report and hold the NHS to account for bringing through the changes that are necessary.
We need reform.
We need change.
I saw at first hand how important reform is during my time running the Crown Prosecution Service, but I also saw how hard it is, particularly on cultural issues.
It requires brave and difficult decisions.
Eleven years ago, as Health Secretary, the now Chancellor said: “The era of gagging NHS staff from raising their real worries about patient care must come to an end.”
Eleven years on from that and 10 months on from the Lucy Letby case, there are still clear examples of NHS managers still gagging staff and then being moved on, instead of being moved out.
Will the Prime Minister now commit to ensuring that those who gag and silence whistleblowers will no longer be able to work in the NHS?
Of course the behaviour that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman describes is wrong
and, I believe, already illegal under our laws, but we will ensure people have the ability to raise concerns.
One thing that I know has given many of those who have been impacted by the scandal some reassurance is the  appointment of Sir Robert Francis to be chair of the inquiry.
Obviously he is someone who does not just have a wealth of experience dealing with this particular set of issues, but has a long track record of working with the NHS on the issues that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises.
Sir Brian’s report is a victory for all those campaigners and victims who fought so hard for this moment, including my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , but it is also one of profound pain, anger and sadness for so many.
There is a chance for us to make real progress on this issue and we must do that with victims in mind.
Given the degree of cross-party consensus that we have already seen on apologies and compensation, and given the Government’s promise to ensure compensation by the end of the year, will the Prime Minister also now promise to deliver on all the recommendations in the same timeframe, by the end of the year?
Of course we want to deliver on the recommendations as quickly as practically possible.
Indeed, our expectation is that we can do that before the end of the year.
As I said, Sir Robert’s appointment will bring a wealth of experience; it is crucial that the chair has the knowledge, expertise and familiarity with the issues.
His support for delivering the scheme and ensuring that compensation can be paid by the end of the year will be invaluable.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about the community.
Over the next few weeks, Sir Robert will seek views from the infected blood community specifically on the proposed scheme, to ensure the scheme will best serve those it is intended for.
Our shared priority is delivering compensation to all those infected and affected with absolutely minimum delay, and begin bringing justice to all of those impacted.
In 1997, the public voted in what they were told would be a sort of continuity Conservative Government—the same policies, but with different faces.
Instead what they got was record immigration, constitutional vandalism and a broken economy.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, with the economy now roaring back to life under a Conservative Government, the last thing we need is a return to the failed Labour recipe of high taxes, open borders and employment laws that destroy jobs?
My hon.
Friend gives a superb and passionate economic diagnosis.
He is right: inflation is now back to normal, and, indeed, lower than that of France, Germany and the United States.
Inflation is at its lowest level in years, our economy is growing faster and wages are rising, which is why we need to stick to the plan that is working.
He is right to point out the risks of what the Labour party proposes: 70 new laws —70 new laws!
Labour has caved in to its union paymasters, and what does that mean?
It means that it will cost jobs and damage our economic recovery.