The Secretary of State says she wants to ensure that “brilliant people can contribute and succeed, irrespective of their background.”
That is only right, but given that only 16% of practising engineers are women, it is like trying to play premiership football with half our players barred from the pitch.
Can the Minister explain why not one of his major science strategies—the life sciences vision, the national AI strategy, and the UK science and technology framework—features an equality impact assessment?
We have no idea whether those strategies are helping to break down barriers or not.
The Secretary of State’s war on woke has so far cost the taxpayer tens of thousands of pounds and delivered only damage limitation.
Why can the Minister not fight for our scientists and engineers instead?
As the hon.
Lady well knows, diversity, STEM education and skills are at the heart of the UK science and technology framework, and we will be publishing skills frameworks for each of its priority areas.
What steps her Department is taking to support the life sciences manufacturing sector.
The Government could not be more committed to supporting our valued life sciences sector, which, in the financial year ending 2022, contributed well over £100 billion in turnover to the UK economy and employed more than 300,000 people.
As the Minister will know, there is a shortage of laboratory space and clinical trials in the UK, and companies such as Precision Health Technologies Accelerator in Birmingham, led by the excellent Professor Gino Martini, want to be part of the solution to the problem.
What help can the Government give businesses of that kind so that we can increase the number of clinical trials to help the advancement of lifesaving medicines?
My hon.
Friend is right: such is the growth of this important sector that we need more lab space quickly.
I personally benefited from the advice of Professor Martini in the life sciences real estate working group.
Precision Health Technologies Accelerator does some amazing work in my hon.
Friend’s constituency to knock down barriers to building, many of which are sadly the fault of Labour councils.
Dementia and Alzheimer’s disease remain the largest cause of death in the United Kingdom.
The Government pledged in 2019 to fund dementia research.
What more is the Minister doing to ensure that we have early diagnosis, access to trials and support for life sciences to transform dementia outcomes?
Dementia is a crippling disease for so many people, and will touch so many people’s lives.
The Health Secretary and I recently hosted the heads of the Dementia Mission at No. 10 Downing Street to announce more funding, and I should be happy to meet the hon.
Member and any representatives of dementia organisations in his constituency.