I join others in welcoming back to the House  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
We admire his courage, and send our best wishes to him and his family.
I also join others in remembering all the victims of the bombing at the Manchester Arena.
Amanda claimed carer’s allowance when caring for her mother, but the Department for Work and Pensions is now hounding her to pay back £1,200.
Karina, whose daughter requires round-the-clock care, has been hit by a bill for £11,000.
Victoria is being forced to pay back £100 a month.
They are just some of the tens of thousands of carers who are victims of the DWP’s flawed system, punished harshly for going sometimes just a few pounds over the arbitrary earnings limit.
Family carers do a remarkable job.
They should not be penalised for working, or for the DWP’s own failures.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Government should be supporting carers, not persecuting them?
The Government recognise the contribution and sacrifices that carers up and down the country so often make to care for others.
That is why we have increased carer’s allowance by almost £1,500 since 2010.
It is why we introduced carer’s leave, and it is why the better care fund funds respite care breaks for carers, which I know have been warmly welcomed and used.
In the rare number of cases where individuals have not appropriately informed the DWP about a change in their circumstances, the DWP has then rightly sought to recover overpayments, as it would be expected to in order to ensure the integrity of the system and protect the taxpayer, but of course it will work with anyone who is struggling with their repayment terms, and will always look to negotiate an affordable repayment plan.
I, too, welcome back my hon.
Friend the Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay).
The £8 billion made available by the Government for the repair of roads and potholes is very welcome; however, some local authorities, such as Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council, which serve my constituency, sometimes use inferior material, so the works need to be done again in a few months’ time.
That is an issue that applies to many constituencies across the country, so will the Prime Minister use his influence to ensure that there are tough quality specifications, so that the repairs can last much longer?
I am proud that we have announced an additional £8 billion for roads resurfacing over the next decade—money made available through the reallocation of HS2 funding.
That will mean fewer potholes and smoother, safer roads across our country, but I agree with my right hon.
Friend that it is of the utmost importance that these repairs are completed with high-quality materials.
I join him in calling on Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council to make sure that they deliver that for his residents.
In the wee small hours of Saturday morning, I received an email—I apologise for the language, Mr Speaker—calling me a “fucking parasite”, a “rat”, and a “piece of shit”.
This came in response to my challenging the appropriateness of a US citizen, Michael Franzese, doing a tour in the UK, as part of which he is advocating publicly for the self-proclaimed misogynist influencers Andrew and Tristan Tate, who are encouraging toxic attitudes among young men in this country.
The Prime Minister has spoken about banning hate preachers from entering the UK.
Will he extend that to misogynists?
Those who seek to divide us, undermine our values, and indeed intimidate and threaten others have no place in our society, and we will not hesitate to use not just the full force of the law but our immigration regime to make sure that we have security and cohesion in this country.
The population of Maldon is rising rapidly, and for over 20 years my constituents have been promised a new hospital, yet the Mid and South Essex integrated care board is proposing to close the existing St Peter’s Hospital without any replacement, leaving my constituents and those of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham (Priti Patel) having to travel up to 30 miles for some treatments.
Will the Prime Minister ask Ministers to tell the ICB to withdraw this proposal and to commission an independent assessment of how best to provide the quality local health services that my constituents, and those of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham, deserve?
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his commitment to his constituents.
I know that he and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  met both the Minister for Health and Secondary Care and the Minister for Social Care recently to discuss this issue.
I understand that the ICB has extended its consultation by three weeks to ensure that more consideration can be given and voices can be heard, but I will ensure that the relevant Minister keeps my right hon.
Friends updated on the progress of this.
My constituent has recently applied to move from her council home because she can no longer walk up the stairs and is in constant pain.
She has been waiting for an knee operation for more than two years and has become progressively worse.
She feels forgotten and neglected.
Does the Prime Minister agree that his Government are failing and that this country is waiting for a Labour Government to bring down NHS waiting lists?
Of course I am sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
We are putting in more money and rolling out more elective surgical hubs to bring the waiting lists down.
She talks about the difference that the Labour party would make to the NHS.
Her constituents can just look to Wales to see what is happening when it comes the NHS: a quarter of the Welsh population on a waiting list, the worst emergency care performance in Great Britain, people on long waiting lists five times more than they are in  England and, on average, people waiting 40% longer for treatment.
That is the reality of Labour and the NHS—failing.
Forty years ago, Mrs Thatcher described high inflation as a “destroyer…of industry, of jobs, of savings”.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that sentiment is as true today as it was then?
What assessment does he make of today’s announcement for my Gedling constituents, who want to be able to save, get a good job and enjoy a reasonable standard and cost of living?
My hon.
Friend is right that today marks a major moment for the economy; not only have we halved inflation, but it has returned back to normal, thanks to the collective hard work, sacrifice and resilience of people up and down the country.
That is further proof that our plan is working.
Mortgage rates have come down, energy bills have come down, taxes are being cut and inflation is now back to normal.
That shows that when we stick to the plan, we can look forward to a brighter future, but he is right to point out the alternative: the Labour party imposing £2,000 of tax rises—that is what would put the country’s stability at risk.
England’s chief medical officer said that reducing sewage in rivers and seas is a “public health priority”, highlighting the problems that dumping untreated sewage causes.
Even the treated sewage that is continuously discharged into rivers and seas contains faecal matter.
Water firms are now asking for bills to go up by up to 91%, when they have paid out billions to shareholders and neglected pipework and infrastructure.
Can the Prime Minister tell me why his Government are allowing those companies to destroy our waterways and make obscene levels of profit, while making people ill?
The level of overflows we have seen is unacceptable, but we have gone further than any other Government, monitoring 100% of overflows—up from only 7% under Labour—investing record amounts in our water infrastructure, enshrining in law strict targets and introducing unlimited fines for water companies to hold them to account.
But when it came to this House the Labour party could not even vote for its own policy.
That is because there is only one party with a plan to protect the environment—the Conservative party.
Our NHS needs to be at the cutting edge of innovation and transformation, so I very much welcome the recent announcement on artificial intelligence in the delivery of radiotherapy.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to going further and faster in the roll-out and realising the potential of AI and the latest, most innovative medtech across our NHS, benefiting not only patients, but clinicians?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we need to ensure that our NHS is a world leader in medical innovation.
That is why yesterday we announced funding to roll out game-changing AI to radiotherapy departments in England.
The benefits are clear, because  that technology can locate cancer cells two and a half times quicker than doctors alone.
But we will not stop there.
We recognise the huge potential; that is why the productivity plan announced in the spring Budget will modernise the NHS and ensure that our patients get the care they deserve.
In recent days, the Trussell Trust has revealed that its network has handed out more than 3.1 million emergency food parcels in the past year.
That is the most it has ever distributed and nearly double the number of five years ago.
Absolute poverty among children in this country has risen by its highest rate in 30 years, and a quarter of all children live below the poverty line.
Two thirds of UK children in poverty live in families in which at least one parent works.
My Streatham constituency is one of the worst affected.
Does the Prime Minister have any plans to restore the child poverty unit, address the calls for universal free school meals, or report on any Government plans aimed at tackling child poverty at all?
Nobody wants to see any child grow up in poverty, and that is why I am pleased that the record of this and previous Governments has reduced not just the number of people living in poverty, but the number of children living in poverty, thanks to our measures to strengthen the economy.
When it comes to food support for vulnerable children, we have extended the holiday activity and food programme with £200 million of funding, and we are investing £30 million in our national school breakfast programme, which will now run until the end of the summer term.
The best ways to help people with the cost of living are to cut their taxes, keep unemployment low and get inflation down—things that this Government are doing.
What is the Prime Minister’s assessment of how the very welcome news of today’s reduction in inflation will help businesses and families with the costs that they face?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right in his analysis of how to help working families and our country.
Thanks to the difficult decisions that we have taken, inflation today is back to normal, which is a very welcome moment.
Of course, there is more work to do, and people are only just starting to feel the benefits, but it is clear that the plan is working, and that is why we have also been able to deliver significant tax cuts worth £900 to the average worker in our country.
That is all progress that would absolutely be put at risk by the Labour party.
Harland & Wolff is an iconic cornerstone of the UK’s future shipbuilding, defence and energy capabilities.
It has saved four shipyards from administration, having invested millions, and it now employs 1,500 workers across England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, many of whom are my constituents.
Approval for the company’s export development guarantee is crucial to consolidate that progress.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that that is achieved?
The Government are committed to supporting the UK shipbuilding sector right across the nation.
I have seen at first hand what companies such as Harland & Wolff do, and the role that they play in the economy.
Although, as the hon.
Gentleman will understand, I cannot comment specifically on the details of any individual case due to commercial sensitivity, I can assure him that we are working closely with Harland & Wolff in its request for a UK Export Finance-guaranteed loan—that is under consideration.
I also pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  for all his strong advocacy for that company.
The smart new £15 million accident and emergency unit at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary opened in the early hours of this morning.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking the team at HRI and welcoming the new doctors and nurses who have been recruited for the A&E unit, and does he agree that, alongside the new teaching block at Greenhead College, the West Yorkshire investment zone and the trans-Pennine rail upgrade, it shows that we are delivering for my constituents in the Holme and Colne valleys and Lindley?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and his constituents on their brand-new A&E unit at the Huddersfield Royal Infirmary, which is, as he said, a real game-changer for residents.
It is not the only piece of delivery in his area.
He mentioned the trans-Pennine rail upgrade delivering faster journeys, but there are also levelling-up projects such as Huddersfield open market and the new teaching block at Greenhead College.
They show that it is the Conservatives who are delivering on the priorities of his local community.
The International Criminal Court’s chief prosecutor is seeking arrest warrants for Israeli and Hamas leaders for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
This House does not aid and abet Hamas, but it does aid and abet Israel through the sale of arms, such as components for Israeli F-35s—known as the most lethal fighter jet on earth—which are raining down hell on Gaza.
Will the Prime Minister uphold international law, drop the nonsense about the most robust licensing system in the world and end arms sales to Israel?
If the ICC issues arrest warrants, will he comply by ensuring that those individuals are arrested if they enter the UK?
It is always nice to see the changed Labour party in action.
When it comes to the ICC, this is a deeply unhelpful development, which of course is still subject to a final decision.
There is no moral equivalence between a democratically elected Government exercising their lawful right to self-defence and the actions of a terrorist group, and the actions of the ICC do absolutely nothing to get a pause in the fighting, or to get the hostages out or aid in.