Title: 60TH ANNUAL HELMVILLE LABOR DAY RODEO; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
133

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

60TH ANNUAL HELMVILLE LABOR DAY RODEO

HON.
RYAN K. ZINKE

Mr. ZINKE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Helmville Labor

Day Rodeo for their 60th year old operation, The Helmville Rodeo is

commonly called ``the biggest little rodeo in Montana,'' drawing folks

from all over the state to a town of less than 50 people to enjoy the

events and festivities.
Helmville has been around since Irish immigrants first made their way

to the Big Sky, chasing fortune in the Gold Rush.
Some of the first

families to settle in Helmville back in the 1860s still live and work

there.
The ranches in the valley are passed down from generation to

generation.
Helmville is a classic Montana town, with one long road going through

the middle, an old western bar on the side named the ``Copper Queen,''

and a school where several grades are taught at the same time.
The kind

of the place where you don't just know your neighbors by name but the

whole town.
It is nestled deep in a beautiful valley in the Garnet

Mountain Range, the kind of gem that is scattered all around Montana.
Once a year, Helmville is flooded with rodeo enjoyers from around the

State.
The Helmville Labor Day Rodeo is a major event in the area and

has delivered on the promise of summer fun for 60 years now.
Two days

of bull riding, team roping, steer wrestling, mutton bustin' and many

other events are more than enough of a draw for Montanans to drive the

hours that it takes to get from one small town to another.
It is the

last rodeo of the season for the Northern Rodeo Association, so top

riders all show up to impress the crowds and try to score points to

make it to the post season.
The burgers or barbeque could draw any

redblooded American to the scenic valley, but the one-of-a-kind events

keep them there for the long haul.
Whether it is trying to find the cow

in a herd of steers at the wild cow milking event or the community

dance, there is no shortage of western fun to remind us of what rural

life is all about.
Don't mistake the size of the town for the heart that is put into the

event.
Folks in Helmville are proud of the show they put on and anyone

who has attended would attest to that.
The rodeo club works year-round

organizing the event, but as the date grows closer, the whole community

comes together to pitch in and be ready on Labor Day weekend.
60 years

is a lifetime of bringing joy, good sport, and great community to

Western Montana.
As it has grown from a ranch-led rodeo to a

professional event, it has never lost its character.
Mr. Speaker, and my esteemed colleagues, I ask that you join me in

congratulating the Helmville Rodeo on their 60th year of hosting a

legendary Labor Day Rodeo.
Bravo Zulu.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CECILIA POPE'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
TROY E. NEHLS

Mr. NEHLS of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to

Cecilia Pope, a constituent of mine who turns 100 years old on August

26, 2024.
Her journey began in 1924 as Cecilia Lujan Baca, in Clayton, New

Mexico, where she spent her early years.
She ventured to Denver,

Colorado for high school, carving out a path of independence and

growth.
In October of 1947, fate introduced Cecilia to her first

husband, Master Sargent Alfred Hill of the U.S. Air Force.
They had two

children together, John in 1950 and Lisa in 1955.
However, tragedy

struck as they embarked on their move to Biloxi, Mississippi, in July

1957.