Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Mrs. Faylene

Whitaker on being named North Carolina Farmer of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF CULPEPER BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Culpeper Baptist

Church on their 250th anniversary.
Over the last 250 years, Culpeper Baptist Church has served as a

space for the community to gather, connect, and worship.
Formed in 1774

as Mount Poney Baptist Church, the church was a place of worship open

to all--Black, white, freemen, enslaved people, and servants.
The

community flourished under the ideals of religious liberty, which are

forever woven into the history of Culpeper Baptist Church and the

fabric of our nation thanks to the actions of its third pastor, John

Leland.
Leland directly petitioned then-Virginia legislator James

Madison to enshrine religious liberty in our Constitution.
In 1833, Mount Poney Baptist moved to the Town of Culpeper, where it

built a new church in 1858.
The church then changed its name to

Culpeper Baptist Church in 1873.
Finally, in 1955, Culpeper Baptist

Church moved and began services in its present-day location.
Since its inception, Culpeper Baptist Church has worked to serve the

community well.
In 1949, it established a kindergarten program--now

known as the Child Development Center--which has grown to serve the

community.
Thanks to the labor of love poured into the program, it will

celebrate 75 years of helping children from infancy through elementary

school later this year.
To better assist the community, Pastor J.T.

Edwards created the Virginia Baptist Home for the Aged in 1950, known

today as The Culpeper.
Later, in partnership with the community,

Culpeper Baptist Church renovated space within the church's building to

open Generations Central Adult Day Care in May 2022, where aging adults

are provided with intergenerational programming and care.
Finally, in

response to the growing Latino population in Culpeper, Primera Iglesia

Bautista Maranatha, the longest-serving Hispanic Church in Culpeper,

was founded in 2001 at Culpeper Baptist.
The church continues to thrive

today.
Throughout the last 250 years, Culpeper Baptist Church has cultivated

a culture of faith and service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating Culpeper Baptist Church on their 250th

anniversary.
Please join me in wishing this community success as they

work to foster a love for their neighbors and honor a history that

upholds the American ideal of religious liberty.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

JOYCE HUNTER DEDICATION

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that

I recognize and congratulate my constituent, Joyce Hunter, on her

retirement from one of the largest multiemployer pension funds in the

United States, the Central Pension Fund of the International Union of

Operating Engineers and Participating Employers (``Central Pension

Fund'').
Joyce's lifelong dedication to the Central Pension Fund, which has

spanned over four decades, and its mission to provide secure retirement

benefits to operating engineers and

their families, has been unwavering.
During her tenure, Joyce has

successfully worked in various capacities in nearly every department of

the Fund and has a well-earned reputation both inside and outside of

the organization for her institutional knowledge and her unwavering

work ethic.
Indeed, most developments at the Central Pension Fund--both

big and small--have likely involved Joyce's input and advice.
As Director of Human Resources and Administration, Joyce has

effectively served as the face of the organization for the Fund's

employees, having spearheaded the Fund's recruitment and hiring

efforts, while also playing an integral role in strategic planning.
In

addition, by all accounts, Joyce has always gone above and beyond her

technical job duties and has prioritized the professional development

and personal well-being of her colleagues by creating and fostering a

positive and enjoyable work culture.