Indeed, most developments at the Central Pension Fund--both

big and small--have likely involved Joyce's input and advice.
As Director of Human Resources and Administration, Joyce has

effectively served as the face of the organization for the Fund's

employees, having spearheaded the Fund's recruitment and hiring

efforts, while also playing an integral role in strategic planning.
In

addition, by all accounts, Joyce has always gone above and beyond her

technical job duties and has prioritized the professional development

and personal well-being of her colleagues by creating and fostering a

positive and enjoyable work culture.
In that regard, Joyce is notorious

for hosting and facilitating costume-themed events and ice cream

socials, and for placing personal notes and small gifts on her

colleagues' desks in the pre-dawn hours before work.
In summary, Joyce's well-deserved retirement marks the end of an

illustrious career, and while the Central Pension Fund will undoubtedly

miss her deep institutional knowledge, dedication, and guidance, I am

confident that the Fund will continue to thrive for decades to come as

a result of her efforts.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues

join me in recognizing the lifetime of selfless service and tireless

dedication of Joyce Hunter.
Her commitment to the Central Pension Fund

serves as an inspiration to us all, and we extend our best wishes upon

her retirement in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOE CASTIGLIONE

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Joe Castiglione as

he receives the Ford C. Frick Award for broadcasting excellence.
Born on March 2, 1947, to parents Pamela and Frank, Castiglione was

raised in Hamden, Connecticut, alongside his seven siblings.
With a

passion for sports broadcasting from a young age, Castiglione grew up

listening to longtime Yankees announcer and inaugural Ford C. Frick

Award recipient, Mel Allen.
Castiglione followed his passion for

broadcasting at Colgate University, where he received his Bachelor of

Arts and worked for the school's radio station broadcasting Colgate

football and basketball games.
After receiving his master's degree from Syracuse University,

Castiglione began his career as a television sports anchor at WFMJ-TV

in Youngstown, Ohio.
It was in Youngstown where Castiglione also met

the love of his life, Janice Lowry, a third-grade teacher.
364 days

after their first date, Joe and Janice were married and will celebrate

their 53rd anniversary this November.
Over their past five decades of

marriage, Castiglione and Janice have raised their three children,

Duke, Tom, and Kate, and now have six grandchildren.
In 1979, Castiglione continued his broadcasting career and first

began reporting on baseball at WKYC-TV, calling games for the Cleveland

Indians.
He later called games for the Milwaukee Brewers in 1981,

before returning to Cleveland in 1982.
In 1983 he was hired on a one-

year agreement with the Red Sox.
42 seasons later, Castiglione is now

the longest tenured announcer in Red Sox history.
Throughout his career, Castiglione has called over 6,000 games,

including four no-hitters and two 20-strikeout games.
Additionally,

Castiglione was the first Red Sox broadcaster to call the final out of

a Red Sox World Championship, ending the team's 86-year drought in

2004.
He would later deliver the final out call for the Red Sox's World

Series wins in 2007, 2013, and 2018.
Outside of his work as a Red Sox

radio announcer, Castiglione taught broadcast journalism at

Northeastern University for 29 years and Franklin Pierce University for

12 years and has been a long-time supporter of the Jimmy Fund.
Over the last four decades, Castiglione has established himself as a

pillar of the baseball community.
In 2014, Castiglione was inducted

into the Red Sox Hall of Fame, and on July 20, 2024, Castiglione was

awarded the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum's Ford C. Frick

Award.
This award deservedly celebrates Castiglione's passion for

baseball and commitment to quality broadcasting throughout his career.