In October of 1947, fate introduced Cecilia to her first

husband, Master Sargent Alfred Hill of the U.S. Air Force.
They had two

children together, John in 1950 and Lisa in 1955.
However, tragedy

struck as they embarked on their move to Biloxi, Mississippi, in July

1957.
Alfred, at the young age of 34, left this world due to a fatal

heart attack, leaving Cecilia and their two children.
Undeterred by the hardships, Cecilia moved to Amarillo, Texas, with

her children.
In 1960, she married Alex Pope, and welcomed a daughter,

Alexis in 1963.
As life unfolded, they traversed through various cities

due to Alex's profession, ultimately settling in Houston in 1966, where

they rooted themselves in the Sharpstown area.
Tragedy struck once more when Alex passed away in 1987, yet Cecilia's

spirit remained unbroken.
In 2004, she made the decision to move to

Katy, Texas, to be near her two daughters.
Her resilience and enthusiasm for life is inspiring.
Despite the

challenges she has faced, Cecilia remains active, independent, and

devotes her time to her passions.
She's an avid reader, immerses

herself in the world of literature, and finds solace in her prayer and

family.
Cecilia treasures the moments spent with her friends, children, eight

grandchildren, and eight great-grandchildren.
Her dedication to family

and her unwavering spirit is a testament to her strength.
Moreover, her

faith has been an anchor throughout her life, and is an active member

of the Epiphany of the Lord Catholic Church in Katy, Texas.
Cecilia's story is not just one of resilience in the face of

adversity, but also a celebration of a life richly lived--a life that

continues to inspire those around her.
To that end, I want to once

again honor her on behalf of the people in the 22nd Congressional

District of Texas.
I wish Cecilia a happy birthday.
May God continue to bless her and her family every single day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
FAYLENE WHITAKER ON BEING NAMED NORTH CAROLINA FARMER OF

THE YEAR

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mrs. Faylene Whitaker on being named North Carolina Farmer of the Year.
Mrs. Whitaker has the unique honor of being the first woman to be

named North Carolina Farmer of the Year.
Mrs. Whitaker started Whitaker

Farms with her late husband Richard in 1975, who she has surely honored

with this award.
Together, they purchased 36 acres of land in Randolph

County and as a result of their hard work, Whitaker Farms has now grown

to 1,000 acres and includes a variety of different crops.
The Whitakers

use innovative and sustainable farming practices to ensure high crop

yields, healthy soil, drip irrigation and devote a majority of the land

to organic production.
Our state has a long and proud tradition of agricultural excellence.
Many people don't even realize where the food they eat every day comes

from, but the Whitakers could tell you they worked around the clock, 24

hours a day when they first started, to ensure they could pay back

their first bank loan while overcoming weather conditions that make

farming nearly impossible.
I know I speak for our region and entire

state when I say thank you to our hard-working farmers and the

Whitakers for their dedication to putting food on the table in North

Carolina.
From peanuts to sweet potatoes, North Carolina farmers

generate some of the highest quality produce in the world.
We are

thrilled to recognize Mrs. Whitaker for her continuation of that

tradition.
Again, congratulations to Mrs. Whitaker for winning this prestigious

award.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Mrs. Faylene

Whitaker on being named North Carolina Farmer of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF CULPEPER BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.