Over the last four decades, Castiglione has established himself as a

pillar of the baseball community.
In 2014, Castiglione was inducted

into the Red Sox Hall of Fame, and on July 20, 2024, Castiglione was

awarded the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum's Ford C. Frick

Award.
This award deservedly celebrates Castiglione's passion for

baseball and commitment to quality broadcasting throughout his career.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Joe Castiglione and ask that my

colleagues join me in recognizing his years of hard work and impact on

sports broadcasting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARK MYERS, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF LETTER CARRIERS BRANCH 79

HON.
ADAM SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

and legacy of Mark Myers, who served as the Vice President of the

National Association of Letter Carriers (NALC) Branch 79 Seattle.
Mark served as NALC's legislative liaison to my office for many

years.
He was a constant advocate for the voices and needs of his

union's members.
He was a very effective advocate and all that were

]ucky enough to know Mark know that he was both sincere and kind in all

that he did.
Throughout his life, Mark embodied what it truly means to serve.
Mark

served his union through his work with my office, but a]so through his

work at the Martin Luther King, Jr. County Labor Council and the

Washington State Labor Council.
Not only was Mark the current Vice

President of the NALC Branch 79 Seattle, but he had also served as

Secretary-Treasurer and made history as the only retiree re-elected for

three consecutive terms.
Mark spent his time outside of work continuing to serve his

community.
He was a former member of the Highline Community Council and

a devout member of his local church, the Saint Francis of Assisi Parish

in Burien.
Mark is a shining example of true leadership and commitment.
I

appreciate his many years of service working with my office, as well as

all of his service to our community.
He will be deeply missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MR.
ALDO JAVIER GARCIA

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr.

Aldo Javier Garcia, who tragically passed away on June 24, 2024, at the

age of 25.
Mr. Garcia was born in Hanford, California to Javier Pelagio

Garcia and Araceli Navarro Garcia.
He had one brother, Orlando Navarro

Garcia.
Mr. Garcia grew up in the Central Valley and was the proud son

of farmworkers, from whom he learned the values of hard work and

perseverance from a young age.
After graduating from Corcoran High

School, Mr. Garcia went on to attend the University of California,

Berkeley.
Mr. Garcia was an exceptional student and dedicated his time

to the university community, having served as the Student Director of

the UC Berkeley Public Service Center.
In 2021, Mr. Garcia received his

Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science and was accepted to the

prestigious Jess M. Unruh Assembly Fellowship.
After being selected by

the fellowship program, Mr. Garcia served as a Fellow for California

State Assemblymember Lori Wilson.
Last year, Mr. Garcia began his dream

job as a legislative staffer for Assemblymember Juan Carrillo.
As

Assemblymember Carillo's Legislative Aide, he worked hard on

legislation to help improve the lives of Californians.
Mr. Garcia was a

valuable asset and a strong leader on both Assemblymember Wilson's and

Carrillo's teams, and he was at the beginning of an impactful career in

California politics.
Mr. Garcia will be remembered by his family,

friends, and colleagues as a kind and compassionate young man who

always put the needs of others before his own.