This was head coach Patrick Nix's first state title victory

at Central Phenix City and the Red Devils' third football state title

in school history.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Coach Nix, the Central

Phenix City High School football team, students, faculty and all the

fans.
Go Red Devils.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEBORAH GYM'S PERFECT PSAT SCORE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

outstanding academic accomplishments of a constituent from my district,

Deborah Gym.
Deborah is a sophomore at Central Bucks South High School who

regularly demonstrates a commitment to academic excellence, with this

dedication culminating in her achieving a perfect score of 1520 on the

Preliminary SAT (PSAT).
Deborah demonstrated a proficiency in various

focuses of reading, including information and ideas, craft and

structure, and expression of ideas, and mathematics, including a

remarkable understanding of algebra, advanced mathematics, problem-

solving and data analysis, and geometry and trigonometry.
Deborah's performance on the PSAT should serve as a testament to her

character as an intelligent and motivated young woman.
I am encouraged

by her motivation to perform incredibly in her academic career, and I

am proud to represent such remarkable young people in my district.
It is my hope that, by Deborah's example, students throughout my

district and throughout the country are encouraged to challenge

themselves academically, and endeavor to strive for excellence in every

facet of their lives.
Moreover, the example provided by young men and

young women, like Deborah, should serve as inspiration to challenge

ourselves and strive for excellence in every facet of our lives.
I would like to wish Deborah the best in her future endeavors, both

academically and professionally, and once again congratulate her on her

incredible performance on the PSAT.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
WILLIAM (BILL) A. SNOW ON 40 YEARS AT EDGEWOOD

CONGREGATIONAL METHODIST CHURCH

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr.

William (Bill) A. Snow on his 40th anniversary at Edgewood

Congregational Methodist Church in Anniston, Alabama.
Dr. Snow and his wife, Myra, came to Edgewood Congregational

Methodist Church in January of 1984.
Under his leadership, the church grew larger and outgrew the building

on Railroad Street in Blue Mountain.
In 1995, the church moved to its

current location on Brighton Avenue in Anniston.
Since moving to its

current location, the church has had a major sanctuary and fellowship

hall renovation.
Through the years, two building projects have been

completed.
The church has grown over the past 40 years from 50 to 500

members.
Under Pastor Snow's ministry, several members have been called

into the ministry.
Through Pastor Snow's leadership, in June of 2002, Edgewood Church

built the first permanent structure on Buvuma Island located in Lake

Victoria in Uganda, Africa.
The structure was named The Edgewood

African Church.
It serves as a church, a school, and a medical clinic.
During COVID-19, the church found new avenues to spread the Word

through the streaming of services and social media.
Financial support

increased so much during this difficult time that even to this day

giving remains strong and no formal offering is taken on Sunday

mornings.
Edgewood Church is the loving and caring church it is today because

of the vision and leadership of Pastor Snow and his wife.
Inspired by

its leadership to share the love of Jesus with those in need, Edgewood

is involved in outreach ministries that make a difference in lives of

those in the community.
Pastor Snow will never know on this side of eternity the number of

people and the families whose lives have been enriched through his

ministry.
Those who have been the recipient of Pastor Snow's personal

ministry through the loss of a loved one can especially testify to the

spiritual hope and steadfast support he has given.