Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to wish a happy 103rd

birthday to Willie James Thomas, Sr.
On behalf of Missouri's First

District, we are thankful for everything he is and everything he has

done to provide for his family, neighbors, coworkers, and friends.
103 is a remarkable milestone and worthy of great celebration.
Mr.

Thomas has seen and lived through segments of history that most of us

can only rely on through books and education, and from being in close

community

with elders like him.
His trials, triumphs, and everything in between

are a beautiful testament to a remarkable and full life.
Throughout his life, Mr. Thomas has had many blessings.
He is the

beloved father of three, a grandfather of 10, a great-grandfather of

21, and great-great-great-grandfather of six.
As a World War II Army

Veteran serving in England, France, and Germany, we thank him for his

dedication to his family and service to our country.
I am so grateful for the opportunity to celebrate his life because it

is an inspiration to so many of us in St. Louis.
I wish Mr. Thomas

peace and continued joy tending to the best yard in University City

throughout his 103rd year.
Happy birthday and bountiful blessings to Mr. Willie James Thomas,

Sr.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL ELECTIONS HOME RULE

ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Special Elections Home Rule Act.
This bill would give the District of

Columbia complete authority to set the date of special elections for

local offices, like other jurisdictions.
This bill would remove a

limitation in the D.C. Home Rule Act that is not only inconsistent with

the self-government granted by the Home Rule Act, but is also harmful.
In 2012, I got legislation enacted that gave the D.C. Board of

Elections (Board) more flexibility to set the date of special elections

for local offices.
Although I sought complete authority for D.C. to set

the date of special elections, the 2012 law did not include this home-

rule principle.
The Home Rule Act originally required the Board to hold special

elections on the first Tuesday occurring more than 114 days after a

vacancy and allowed the Board to schedule special elections on the same

day as the next general election if that election occurred within 60

days from when a special election would otherwise have been held.
This

inflexibility led to special elections being held on religious holidays

and forced D.C. to hold a special election separate from an upcoming

general election, costing D.C. hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The

2012 law requires the Board to hold a special election on a Tuesday

occurring between 70 and 174 days after a vacancy.
This bill is an important step to perfect home rule for D.C. I urge

my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CENTRAL PHENIX CITY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING

THE 7A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

Central Phenix City football team for winning the AHSAA Class 7A state

title.
On December 6, 2023, The Central Phenix City Red Devils left no doubt

as to who deserves to be state champion, prevailing in a close game

against four-time-champion Thompson 21 to 19 to secure their title win.
The game was played at Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
The Central Phenix City Red Devils finished their championship season

undefeated.
This was head coach Patrick Nix's first state title victory

at Central Phenix City and the Red Devils' third football state title

in school history.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Coach Nix, the Central

Phenix City High School football team, students, faculty and all the

fans.
Go Red Devils.