Inspired by

its leadership to share the love of Jesus with those in need, Edgewood

is involved in outreach ministries that make a difference in lives of

those in the community.
Pastor Snow will never know on this side of eternity the number of

people and the families whose lives have been enriched through his

ministry.
Those who have been the recipient of Pastor Snow's personal

ministry through the loss of a loved one can especially testify to the

spiritual hope and steadfast support he has given.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Pastor Snow on this

incredible milestone and for spreading God's Word across our area.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
CHERYL LATZA

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

of wisconsin-

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

career and service of retiring Houdini Elementary School crossing

guard, Ms. Cheryl Latza.
For 44 years, Cheryl has dedicated her time and efforts to protecting

children throughout the Appleton School District at Houdini Elementary

School.
Given Cheryl's kindness and sincere care, she became more than

just a crossing guard for many students; she also became a friend.
Cheryl was the first hello in the morning and the last goodbye to

students on their way home, something that families throughout the

Appleton area are surely thankful for.
Cheryl exhibits the qualities of

a true community leader, and I thank her for her continued service.
Her

actions will be remembered for many years to come throughout the

Appleton community.
Cheryl has dedicated decades of unwavering service to the Appleton

community, and I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing her.
Goodbyes can be difficult, but I wish Cheryl the best in her well-

deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PRINCIPAL DANA NALLY

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate Dana Nally, Principal of Bedford Elementary School, for being

selected as the 2023 National Distinguished Principal in Iowa.
In her 16 years as Principal at Bedford Elementary, Principal Nally

has touched the lives of countless children and faculty.
She has

advocated for student wellbeing and academic growth, and worked to

create a high-quality, student-first learning environment.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commending Principal Nally for her

extraordinary leadership at Bedford Elementary School.
Great leaders

surround themselves with great staff, which in turn inspires greatness

in their students.
There is no doubt Principal Nally has been a force

for good in the lives of countless young Iowans and the Bedford

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROBERT CABANA'S YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to recognize

Robert Cabana for his years of service in the National Aeronautics and

Space Administration.
Mr. Cabana is retiring at the end of this year

after serving as the agency's associate administrator, making him the

highest-ranking civil servant.
Robert Cabana acts as the agency's chief operating officer and

manages more than 18,000 employees.
Before serving in his position, Mr.

Cabana served as the director of NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center in

my district.
There, he oversaw all NASA facilities and activities at

the spaceport.
Robert has spent countless years serving his country, graduating from

the U.S. Naval Academy in 1971 and commissioning as a second Lieutenant

in the U.S. Marine Corps.
Robert Cabana retired from the U.S. Marine

Corps in September 2000 as a colonel.
Robert Cabana has recorded four space flights, logging a total of 38

days in Space.
Cabana was inducted into the Astronaut Hall of Fame and

named an Associate Fellow in the American Institute of Aeronautics and

Astronautics and a Fellow in the Society of Experimental Test Pilots.