Representing

hardworking, good hearted constituents like Jerry Grabarek is an

inspiration to me to stay focused on helping people which is his

trademark.
Amazingly Jerry continues to serve even as he surpasses 50

years of hard work for Preston and the southeast region.
I ask that my

colleagues join me in thanking Jerry for his decades of dutiful

stewardship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PETE ALFARO

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to

honor the life of my friend and longtime community leader, Pedro

Cuellar ``Pete'' Alfaro of Baytown, Texas, who passed away on December

11, 2023.
Pete devoted his life to public service, honorably serving as

mayor of Baytown, as a city council member, on the Lee College Board of

Regents, and on numerous other community and non-profit boards.
He was

a leader, mentor, friend, and role model to countless in the region,

and leaves behind a legacy that will continue to inspire new

generations of public servants for years to come.
Pete was born August 10, 1940, to Felipe and Victoriana Alfaro.
After

serving in the United States Army as a basic electronics instructor at

Fort Bliss for three years, Pete attended the University of Texas at

Austin.
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical

Engineering in 1969 and was a lifetime member of the Texas Exes alum

association.
That same year, he began his career as an electrical

engineer at Humble Oil and Refining, now ExxonMobil, where he would

remain employed for the next 31 years.
After being elected to the city council in 1989 where he served two

terms, Pete was voted in as the first Hispanic mayor of Baytown, a

position he held for 11 years.
His pivotal role in infrastructure

development, particularly the completion of the Fred Hartman Bridge in

partnership with then-Governor George W. Bush, epitomized his

dedication to building a stronger Baytown.
However, his reach was not confined to the city hall, it extended to

significant roles on boards such as the Lee College Board of Regents,

the Houston Methodist Baytown Hospital Board of Trustees, and the

Patient and Family Advisory Council.
After facing the devastating loss

of his daughter, Debi, Pete channeled his grief into a steadfast

commitment to elevating healthcare standards.
Chairing the Quality and

Patient Safety Steering Committee at Houston Methodist Baytown for two

decades, he worked tirelessly to ensure the surrounding community

received and had access to top-notch healthcare.
In recognition of his

efforts, the Houston Methodist Baytown Hospital dedicated its new

state-of-the-art education and training facility in honor of Pete and

his wife, Lupe, in May of this year.
Throughout the years, Pete left a significant impact in the public

and private sector.
In fact, he was named the 2004 Baytown Sun

newspaper's ``Citizen of the Year'' and the 2010 ExxonMobil's ``Refiner

of the Year'' for his community service.
Pete was preceded in death by his beloved daughter, Debi Alfaro

Yarborough.
He is survived by his loving wife of 61 years, Guadalupe

``Lupe'' Alfaro; daughters, Priscilla Alfaro and Sandra Rodriguez; son,

Paul Alfaro; and grandchildren, Christopher, Marissa, Austin, Alexis,

Mikaela, Emily, Nicholas, and Kelsey.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to honor the memory and legacy of Pete

Alfaro.
My heartfelt prayers are with his wife and loved ones during

this challenging time.
May Pete rest in peace knowing his tenacious

efforts for the betterment of Baytown, Lee College, and the surrounding

community will forever be remembered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JOYCE GRAYSON

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

career of nurse Joyce Grayson of Brooklyn, Connecticut.