Robert Cabana retired from the U.S. Marine

Corps in September 2000 as a colonel.
Robert Cabana has recorded four space flights, logging a total of 38

days in Space.
Cabana was inducted into the Astronaut Hall of Fame and

named an Associate Fellow in the American Institute of Aeronautics and

Astronautics and a Fellow in the Society of Experimental Test Pilots.
He also received the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Presidential

Distinguished Rank Award, and the National Space Club Florida

Committee's Dr. Kurt H. Debus Award.
Col.
Cabana is also a recipient of

the Rotary National Award for Space Achievement's National Space

Trophy.
I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to

join me in recognizing Col.
Robert Cabana and his dedication to serving

his country.
While he will be sorely missed, I would like to wish him

well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MR.
KERRY ARMSTRONG

HON.
BARRY LOUDERMILK

Mr. LOUDERMILK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. W.

Kerry Armstrong, Chairman of the Atlanta Regional Commission (ARC), for

skillfully shepherding the ARC forward as its chairman for the past ten

years.
Kerry will conclude his chairmanship at the end of this year,

and I know the other members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation,

who represent the greater Atlanta region, will join me in thanking

Kerry for his dedicated service on the ARC Board, which will continue

even as he departs the chairmanship.
The ARC plays an invaluable role in the health of the Atlanta region.
Under Kerry's leadership, my colleagues and I have worked successfully

with the ARC on numerous initiatives important to the region, including

delivering Older Americans Act services, workforce development,

regional transportation planning, and homeland security.
However, when

it comes to Kerry and the ARC leadership, there is perhaps no issue as

singularly important as the protection and preservation of our state's

water supply.
In this very critical area, the ARC's work is unrivaled.
Kerry Armstrong came to Atlanta over thirty years ago, attracted by

the beauty of the region, and I dare say, of his wife, Wendy, whom he

met there.
Kerry has pursued a successful career in real estate

development and finance; and over time has served in numerous public-

private roles, including chairing notable community improvement

districts (CIDs) in the region.
As Kerry turns the page on this chapter in his life, I want to

congratulate him, Wendy, their daughter Jenny, and her husband Ben, and

let Kerry know how much we value him and count on him for advice and

support.
The Atlanta region is richer for his efforts.
Atlanta Mayor Andre Dickens takes up the gavel this January, as

incoming Chair; and he will be fortunate to be working alongside ARC

Executive Director Anna Roach, whose selection Kerry spearheaded.
On

behalf of the citizens in the Atlanta region, we thank Kerry for his

guiding hand at the ARC, his dedication to our communities, and his

service to the great state of Georgia.