Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 2 Capitol Police officers, Officer Jacob J. Chestnut, Jr., and Detective John M. Gibson, who were shot and killed by a gunman in the Capitol on July 24, 1998.
In the afternoon of July 24, 1998, a lone gunman forced his way past a security checkpoint, fatally shooting Officer Chestnut.
The assailant ran toward an entrance that led to the offices of Tom DeLay of Texas, the Majority Whip.
Detective Gibson, a member of DeLay's protective team, told others to hide and find cover.
The gunman shot Gibson, and although mortally wounded, Gibson returned fire, striking the gunman.
Detective Gibson's selfless acts resulted in lives saved and provided an opportunity for responding officers to restrain the gunman and end the horrific events that day.
Officer Jacob Joseph Chestnut, Jr., was a 20-year Air Force veteran, having served 2 tours in Vietnam, and retired as a Master Sergeant.
He has the distinction of being the first African American to lie in honor at the Capitol.
He was 58 years old.
Detective John Michael Gibson had been selected as part of the dignitary protection team for Congressman Tom DeLay and had served with the United States Capitol Police for 18 years.
He left behind his wife, a 17-year-old daughter, and 2 sons, 14 and 15 years old.
He laid in honor with Officer Chestnut in the Capitol rotunda.
Both men were buried with full honors in Arlington National Cemetery.
These men gave their lives in defense of the democracy that serves all of us while defending the lives of congressmen and -women, congressional staffers, and other United States Capitol Police officers.
In the days that followed, 
Representative DeLay stated that the death of these officers symbolized, ``the sacrifices of thousands of police officers across the Nation who do their duty to serve and protect the public, sometimes under great abuse, sometimes under great disregard, and many times people take them for granted.
It all comes together when an incident like this happens and we realize how much we owe to police officers all over this country.''
I'll say that the women and men who comprise the United States Capitol Police Department continue to be a very important component in safeguarding the form of government that allows us daily and routine freedoms.
Today we remember Officer Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson while thanking all who are a part of the United States Capitol Police Department.