Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
Mr. Abdul Noor, winner of a Black Engineer of the Year Award.
The youngest of four siblings and the son of a single mother, Abdul and his family faced many challenges in his youth.
Abdul was born in Pakistan after his mother made the difficult decision to leave her home in search of a better life for her family.
At the age of three, Abdul's mom relocated her family to Idaho with the help of a refugee organization.
They eventually made their way to Virginia in search of opportunities for their family.
Growing up, Abdul was an active learner--he played baseball, swam, practiced martial arts, and participated in clubs where he learned about computers and robotics.
Throughout his high school career, Abdul served as the president of his high school Red Cross chapter, organized toy drives, and was an active volunteer in the community.
His love for the medical field stems from his mother's career as a pediatrician, which she sacrificed to give her children a better life.
Abdul credits family meal conversations with his mom and sisters for sparking his interest in the biomedical engineering field and helping steer his college career.
After graduating from high school, Abdul attended George Mason University where he focused his undergraduate studies on biomedical engineering.
He graduated Magna Cum Laude in 2020, was awarded the Chairman's Award, and was also class speaker.
After graduation, Abdul joined MITRE as an Associate Biomedical Engineer after having interned with them his junior year of college.
As a member of the MITRE team, Abdul continued to learn and grow and excelled on projects due to his ability to adapt and learn quickly.
In addition to his work at MITRE, Abdul is the CEO of Rune Innovations Inc., a medical device startup he founded with the goal of designing, patenting, and marketing surgical airway management devices for use by medical professionals.
Abdul and the Rune team have since developed a patent-pending device called the Sliding Jaw Thrust Device (SJTD) which would allow a medical professional to clear a patient's obstructed airway by mimicking the jaw thrust maneuver.
Abdul's leadership was invaluable in navigating the process of creating and applying for a patent for this technology.
Abdul's commitment to biomedical engineering and professional growth is admirable.
His strong work ethic has led him to be this year's recipient of a Black Engineer of the Year Award (BEYA).
Specifically, Abdul was named the winner of a Modern-Day Technology Leader Award by a panel of leaders from industry, government, and academia in recognition for his work in shaping the future of engineering, science, and technology.