Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce a bill cosponsored by every California Democrat and the entire Nevada delegation renaming the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-506) in honor of the late U.S. 
Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA).
We recognize her legacy and leadership spanning more than three decades to Keep Tahoe Blue.
Among her many accomplishments, 
Senator Feinstein secured more than $715 million in authorized federal funding under this landmark 2000 law to conserve Lake Tahoe and the surrounding basin for future generations.
Senator Feinstein's 2016 amendments to this law provided new authorities for the U.S. Forest Service to combat wildfires across the Tahoe Basin.
These authorities were first employed in combating the devastating Caldor Fire in 2021 and in the recovery since.
Nobody in government has done more to Keep Tahoe Blue than Senator Feinstein.
She organized the first annual Tahoe Summit in 1997, while I served as Deputy Secretary of the Interior during the Clinton Administration.
The California and Nevada Senators have since rotated hosting the Tahoe Summit annually, which I have been honored to attend over the years.
In 1999, 
Senator Feinstein sponsored the original Lake Tahoe Restoration Act, the companion of which by then-Congressman John T. Doolittle (R-CA) was enacted into law in the year 2000.
In the 114th Congress, I was honored to sponsor the companion to 
Senator Feinstein's ``Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015'' with then-U.S. 
Senator Dean Heller (R-NV), which was enacted into law the following year.
Under the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 (Division AA of Public Law 116-260), she worked with Congresswoman Dina Titus (D-NV), U.S. 
Senator Alex Padilla (D-CA), and me to authorize the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers new invasive species in alpine lakes pilot project to safeguard Lake Tahoe.
Under the Water Resources Development Act of 2022 (Title LXXXI of Public Law 117-263), she worked again with us to secure an additional $25 million in federal funding for restoration efforts across the Lake Tahoe Basin, such as restoration of the Upper Truckee River and Marsh.
This past March, 
Senator Feinstein sponsored the ``Lake Tahoe Restoration Reauthorization Act of 2023'' with the entire Nevada delegation to provide an additional $415 million in federal funding until 2034.
I can think of no better tribute to 
Senator Feinstein's decades of leadership to help conserve Lake Tahoe than passing this bipartisan reauthorization into law.
I am deeply saddened by the passing of this amazing public servant, longtime friend, and treasured colleague.
Senator Feinstein will be missed dearly, but her legacy will endure through the lives of the countless Californians she improved during her storied life and career.
My colleagues and I from the California and Nevada delegations are honored to recognize 
Senator Feinstein's tireless advocacy for our public lands by sponsoring this bill to rename the landmark Lake Tahoe Restoration Act in her honor.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members to join us in cosponsoring this bill.