Mr. Victor Garza.
He is a longtime community advocate and Latino leader in San Jose, CA.
Victor Garza was born in Eagle Pass, Texas, and moved to California in 1960.
He enlisted in the United States Navy and when he left the Navy, he realized there were limited services for veterans in the community.
He observed that Latinos were struggling to gain a political voice and recognized that two key areas that needed to be addressed were educational attainment of Latinos and increasing their political participation and increasing services to people in need throughout the community.
He was active in one of the most important veterans' groups in the nation, the American GI Forum.
Victor became the first Manager of the Santa Clara County Office of Veterans Services.
He has received numerous commendations and awards for his long history of political activism and community involvement including proclamations from the U.S. Congress, State Legislature, County.
and the City.
He was awarded ``Outstanding Young Man of America'' by the U.S. Jaycees, recognized by the Santa Clara County Human Relations Commission for outstanding service and dedication to the community, and was an Olympic Cross Country Torch Relay Participant in 1996.
The Victor Garza Community Center in Austin, Texas bears his name, as does the Victor Garza Educational Center at Evergreen Valley College.
He founded the La Raza Roundtable in 1988, Santa Clara County's largest coalition of Latino and Mexican American organizations, and spent the last 4 decades fighting for his community.
In 1998, Victor was invited by the White House to participate in President Clinton's Initiative on Race and Poverty.
Victor has been a strong voice for equitable education, social and health services, immigration issues, employment and promotional issues that impact the Latino workforce, as well as veterans affairs.
He is truly the best our community has to offer, and it has been my privilege to work alongside him and I am proud to call him my friend.