Mr. CARDENAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Xiomara FloresHolguin as a Valley Luchadora.
Xiomara is famous in Los Angeles County for her work as a social worker and protecting thousands of kids during her amazing career.
She grew up a child of immigrants from Nicaragua.
As a first generation American whose first language was Spanish, Xiomara has always understood the importance of inclusion, representation, and protecting those without a voice.
She received her master's degree in social work from the University County Department of Children and Family Services.
During her time posted with the Emergency Response Command, there were many nights when she was the only Spanish-speaking social worker in the entire county available to respond to emergency calls to accompany law enforcement to homes where Spanish-speaking children needed care.
When LAPD units answered calls about gang violence, Xiomara was there.
When LAPD busted a human trafficking ring, Xiomara was there.
When they raided a house where drugs were being manufactured, Xiomara was there.
Her primary concern was always the innocent children caught up in the violence, usually standing to the side, quiet and frightened while police arrested the adults around them.
She made sure they were cared for and reunited with family whenever possible or placed into the foster system.
Xiomara retired after 36 years with the Department of Children and Family Services.
She leaves behind a legacy of new policies that protect the welfare of vulnerable children throughout Los Angeles.
She continues to give back to her community by way of teaching parttime at the California State University Northridge Department of Social Work.
Xiomara understands the need for compassion and trained, culturally competent crisis professionals to respond to urgent calls, values she passes on to her students.
In addition to her work at CSUN, she remains a tireless worker and advocate for underserved populations and is a major influencing member I thank Xiomara.
It is my honor to recognize her as a distinguished community leader and luchadora during this Hispanic Heritage Month.