Whenever

there has been a need for a reliable voice in Herkimer, Vincent has

readily provided that voice.
Vincent Bono has proven himself to be a true statesman.
On behalf of

New York's 21st Congressional District, I thank him for all he has

contributed to life in the North Country and wish him luck as he begins

a new chapter of his public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
AYANNA PRESSLEY

Ms. PRESSLEY.
Mr. Speaker, on March 21, 2024, I missed votes due to

an illness.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
99; YES on Roll Call No.
100; and NAY on Roll Call No.
101.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY PRESS SECRETARY, TAYLOR DEACON, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK

ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Press

Secretary, Taylor Deacon, for her work on behalf of every constituent

in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
This week, Taylor will

depart my office for a new opportunity serving as Deputy Communications

Director and Press Secretary in the Office of Rep. Don Davis, and I

could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
A Michigan native, Taylor's Midwest work ethic shines through in

everything she does.
From earning a Girl Scout Gold Award to graduating

Magna Cum Laude from Elon University, her grit was as evident early in

life as it is now on Capitol Hill.
As my Press Secretary, Taylor served as a trusted advisor and liaison

to the media, using her sharp communications skills to articulate the

accomplishments of our office and forge productive relationships with

members of the press.
Taylor brought a combination of passion, zeal,

and enthusiasm to whatever task she was assigned.
Her communications

instincts, honed by work experience in the private and public sectors,

are top notch, and I couldn't ask for a better companion to dash to an

interview during a busy week.
Taylor Deacon has a rare combination of wit and patience that helps

her maneuver whatever press landscape came her way.
An invaluable

member of my team, Taylor brought humor to a job that can often feel

heavy and remained unflappable in tough situations.
Her colleagues on

the legislative team will always remember her skill at turning dry bill

text into punchy press releases and consistently being game for a

little wordplay on even the most arcane topics.
Taylor has explained

the difference between official and political work enough in the past

year to last a lifetime and still has a bright smile for everyone she

encounters.
Her charm and grace--as well as her sarcasm--will be deeply

missed by her colleagues.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her expertise and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that this expertise will continue to

serve the Nation and the people of North Carolina's First Congressional

District.
I wish Taylor all the best in her future endeavors and thank

her for three years of faithful service to this Nation--and many more

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REVEREND EMMETT SCOTT ANITON, JR.
HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to offer

my heartfelt congratulations and well wishes to an exceptional mentor,

devoted leader, Vietnam War Veteran, faithful servant of God, and

cherished longtime friend, Reverend Dr. Emmett Scott Aniton, Jr., as he

concludes his 45 years of service at Friendship Missionary Baptist

Church.
A special celebration marking his 45th Anniversary and

retirement from preaching the Gospel will take place on April 7, 2024

at the church in Columbus, Georgia.
Born on March 8, 1940, in Oneonta, Alabama to Mr. Emmett Scott

Aniton, Sr.