Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to offer

my heartfelt congratulations and well wishes to an exceptional mentor,

devoted leader, Vietnam War Veteran, faithful servant of God, and

cherished longtime friend, Reverend Dr. Emmett Scott Aniton, Jr., as he

concludes his 45 years of service at Friendship Missionary Baptist

Church.
A special celebration marking his 45th Anniversary and

retirement from preaching the Gospel will take place on April 7, 2024

at the church in Columbus, Georgia.
Born on March 8, 1940, in Oneonta, Alabama to Mr. Emmett Scott

Aniton, Sr.
and Mrs Estella Aniton Woods, Rev. Aniton graduated from

Southside High School in Etowah County, Alabama before earning his

Bachelor of Theology from Selma University in 1964.
Following his

service in Vietnam, he furthered his education at Alabama A&M

University, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology.
Having answered the call to preach, Rev. Aniton began his ministry at

First Baptist Church in Jacksonville, Alabama, where he served his

congregation faithfully.
In November 1978, he accepted the call to

pastor at Friendship Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia,

where he has led with passion and dedication since April 1979.
Under

his guidance, the church has flourished spiritually, numerically, and

in its physical facilities.
Rev. Aniton's impact extends beyond the church walls, with his

involvement in various community organizations and leadership roles.
He

has been recognized with awards such as the NAACP Religious Affairs

Award and the Rainbow PUSH Coalition Lifetime Achievement Award, among

others.
His commitment to service and leadership exemplifies the quote

by George Washington Carver when he said ``How far you go in life

depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the

aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the

strong.
Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
Rev. Aniton has used his ministry to reach people from all walks of

life.
Spurred by the example of Jesus, he has used his life's work to

help the ``Least of These.''
In reflecting on his achievements, Rev. Aniton acknowledges the

unwavering support of his late wife, Mrs. Dorothy Rigby Aniton, his

children, grandchildren, and extended family.
Personally, I have been

blessed to benefit from Rev. Aniton's wisdom and friendship for over

four decades.
He never told me what I wanted to hear; he always told me

what he felt I needed to hear.
Rev. Aniton has inspired and mentored

many with his sterling example of what a man of God should look like.
He is truly a man after God's own heart.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in The U.S. House of Representatives

to join me, my wife Vivian, and the 765,000 people of Georgia's Second

Congressional District in expressing our deepest gratitude and best

wishes to Reverend Dr. Emmett Scott Aniton, Jr. as he embarks on a

well-deserved retirement after 45 years of devoted service at

Friendship Missionary Baptist Church.
May God continue to bless him and

his loved ones as he enters this new chapter in his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SENATOR JEAN BREAUX

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of Indiana Senator

Jean Breaux, who lived a life of selfless and profound service to the

Indianapolis community.
For decades, Senator Breaux served our community with her signature

fierce advocacy and fighting spirit.
Prior to holding office, Senator

Breaux worked for the Indiana Department of Economic Development, where

she fought for Hoosiers of all backgrounds.
In 2006, she was elected to

the Indiana Senate--following in the footsteps of her mother, Billie

Breaux--and served as assistant Democratic leader for the Senate

Democratic Caucus from 2012 to 2020.
In her role, Senator Breaux fought tirelessly for vulnerable and

disadvantaged Hoosiers.