Title: CELEBRATING EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY'S 175TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
51

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY'S 175TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Eastern Michigan

University in recognition of its 175th anniversary.
An R2 Doctoral

University for High Research Activity, Easton Michigan University has

spent the last 175 years educating the future leaders of this nation

and its contributions to society are worthy of commendation.
Established as Michigan State Normal School in 1849 as the first

normal school outside of New England, the school opened its doors with

122 enrolled students on March 29th, 1853, and quickly established a

reputation of training excellent educators.
By 1899 the school had

developed the first four-year curriculum for a normal school in the

United States and Michigan State Normal School became Michigan State

Normal College.
The college continued its important mission in

educating students through World War II, the Great Depression, and

World War II, and later became Eastern Michigan University in 1959

after establishing its graduate school.
Following the transition to

university status, an international student exchange program was

organized with Britain in the early 1970s to allow students to gain

broader perspectives and experiences.
With the original seven colleges and schools in the arts and

sciences, business, education, health and human services, engineering

and technology, honors college, and the graduate school, Eastern

Michigan University has produced numerous notable alumni over its

storied history.
The university's more than 145,000 living alumni

encompass several state governors including Michigan's 31st Governor

Fred W. Green, State Supreme Court Chief Justices including Marilyn

Jean Kelly and Marvin B. Rosenberry, U.S. Senators Royal Copeland and

Charles E. Potter, numerous U.S. Representatives, and former U.S.

Secretary of Transportation Rodney E. Slater.
The University Athletics

Department has also produced several notable professional athletes in

the National Football League, as well as National Basketball

Association Hall of Fame player George Gervin.
Today, Eastern Michigan University's main campus sits in Ypsilanti,

Michigan, with over 800 acres available to more than 13,000 students

across the undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Since the 1970's,

the university has offered courses in Jackson, Michigan, and has since

expanded to seven satellite campuses as well as the recently added

online course program.
Additionally, several programs have been added

to the university including the Centers for Corporate Training, the

World College, and doctoral programs in educational leadership,

technology, and psychology.
Outside the classroom, the Eagles have

found success in their three NCAA Division 2 national championships and

13 NAIA Division 1 national championships in baseball, men's cross

country, men's swimming and diving, and men's indoor and outdoor track

and field.
The Eagles now compete at the NCAA Division 1 FBS level of

collegiate sports and have twice been NCAA Division 1 national runner

up and have made four appearances in the NCAA Division 1 men's

basketball tournament.
It is inspiring to see everything that Eastern Michigan University

has accomplished over the past 175 years and the university's

incredible growth is a testament to the quality education and broad

opportunities it continues to provide to students.
I am eager to see

all that the university accomplishes in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING WESTERN ENERGY ALLIANCE'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a champion of our

nation's abundant energy resources.
Western Energy Alliance is celebrating 50 years of unifying

stakeholders and policymakers in support of oil and natural gas in the

West.
Their work has helped balance the environment by providing

citizens with the energy they need.
Today, just as in 1974, energy policy is vital to America's success.