Western Energy Alliance is celebrating 50 years of unifying

stakeholders and policymakers in support of oil and natural gas in the

West.
Their work has helped balance the environment by providing

citizens with the energy they need.
Today, just as in 1974, energy policy is vital to America's success.
Today, as back then, we also see regulators going out of their way to

hamstring innovative solutions from small, independent companies

focused on harnessing our Nation's mineral resources--companies that

constitute the Alliance's membership.
Fortunately, the Alliance has been a guiding voice and valuable

resource for members of Congress and has helped consumers combat high

prices at the pump and lower their utility bills.
Congratulations to Western Energy Alliance for reaching the 50-year

milestone and I thank them for being a credible advocate of western oil

and natural gas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HERMELINDA SAPIEN

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the accomplishments of

Hermelinda Sapien.
She has dedicated 55 years to the Center for Employment Training, and

the past 25 years she has displayed her unwavering leadership as

President and Executive Director.
The Center for Employment Training is an economic and community

development corporation.
Their job training and placement programs

teach marketable skills to people of all educational levels and

backgrounds, supporting them through the process of job placement.
With

12 locations, including San Jose's, CET's impact is monumental.
Mrs. Sapien's work with CET began as an Administrative Assistant, and

her commitment served her well as she moved up to Human Resources

Director, Chief Administrative Officer, Deputy Director, and

ultimately, President and CEO.
CET's ability to work with our community and support the dignity of

self-sufficiency is largely due to Sapien's hard work.
She dedicated

her career to ensuring CET's financial stability and guaranteeing that

the needs of students at CET were being met.
Thousands of people have received the training and support they

needed to find meaningful employment that supports them and their

families.
Hermalinda's work and that of all the CET staff has changed

lives and our community for the better.
Hermelinda's leadership has

made a profound difference.
Hermelinda Sapien will be retiring in June of this year, and it is

with great pride and respect that I recognize her accomplishments.
I share with the CET's Board of Directors in their heartfelt farewell

to Mrs. Sapien, and we will always remember her impact on the Center

for Employment Training's success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MATTHEW HYMEL

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Matthew

Hymel upon his retirement from the County of Marin after more than two

decades of extraordinary public service.
Raised in Western Pennsylvania during the economic hardships of the

late 1970s and early 1980s, Matthew has long been interested in how the

government can shape public policy to support struggling communities.
In high school, his family moved to California, where Matthew obtained

a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of California,

Santa Cruz.
After graduating in 1988, he attended John F. Kennedy

School of Government at Harvard University, earning his master's degree

in public policy.
Matthew returned to California and took a position at the Legislative

Analyst's Office in Sacramento.
After six months, government-wide

layoffs prompted Matthew to relocate to the Bay Area, where he worked

as a budget analyst for the city manager of Oakland and then for the

controller's office in San Francisco.
In 1997, newly elected Mayor

Willie Brown was impressed by Matthew's budget development work and

hired him as his budget director.
Matthew worked his way up through the

City and County of San Francisco to the role of Chief Assistant

Controller, before joining Marin County in 2002 as Chief Assistant to

County Administrator Mark Riesenfeld.