His nine-year journey concluded in 2002 when he settled in

with the North Country's own 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum.
During the height of the global War on Terror, Jim provided the

Division with the same essential, high-quality care that had defined

his time with the 101st years prior.
After serving during Operation

Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, he returned to his roots

at the very same Erie VA Hospital where his career had started.
Eventually, Jim would return to the North Country, first as the chief

with Fort Drum's Soldier Recovery Program.
After a long career tending to our warfighters in their hours of

need, Jim is ready for one last transition: on March 14th, he

celebrated a richly deserved retirement after a lifetime of service.
On

behalf of New York's 21st District, it is my distinct honor to thank

him for all he has done in service of the North Country, the 10th

Mountain Division, and our Country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATALIE MUNOZ-SIEVERT AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL

FLORIDA FOR WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Natalie Munoz-Sievert, MD, FACOG, joined

Orlando Health Physician Associates in 2013.
Board certified in obstetrics and gynecology, Dr. Munoz-Sievert

provides comprehensive healthcare for women throughout all stages of

life.
After earning her medical degree from the Florida State University

School of Medicine, Dr. Munoz-Sievert completed her obstetrics and

gynecology residency at Orlando Health Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women

& Babies.
Dr. Munoz-Sievert is a fellow of the American Congress of

Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and is a member of the American

Medical Women's Association.
Additionally, she is fluent in Spanish.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROBIN S. REED

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of

Robin S. Reed.
Robin was a giant in the Arizona business community: a

trusted mentor, a visionary leader and a staunch advocate for minority

entrepreneurs and community development.
From a young age, Robin's mother instilled in him and his four

siblings the belief that life's obstacles were simply opportunities in

disguise.
At age 11, Robin lent his voice to Franklin Armstrong in A

Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, portraying the first Black character in the

Peanuts.
He embraced the opportunity with pride, recognizing the

significance of breaking barriers and advocating for inclusivity.
Robin

discovered the rewards of hard work early--he managed golf courses in

Northern California before he graduated high school and became a

licensed stockbroker by the age of 19.
He began his professional career

in the financial sector--serving as a financial advisor at Charles

Schwaab, stockbroker and detail shop owner.
His experiences as a young

man cultivated a life-long desire to help business owners thrive.
An entrepreneur at heart, Robin started, acquired, operated, and sold

several companies over his 40-year career.
But Robin is perhaps best

known for his tireless work as President of the Black Chamber of

Arizona, a position he held for nearly a decade.
Under his leadership,

Robin tirelessly advocated for equitable access to the tools and

education necessary for entrepreneurial empowerment, striving to

eliminate barriers hindering economic growth Robin demonstrated an

exceptional ability to navigate the complexities of the business world

while remaining steadfast in his commitment to uplifting others.
Because of his work, entrepreneurs across the state have been equipped

with the confidence and resources to achieve their highest aspirations.
Robin's generosity extended beyond his work with the Chamber.
He was

a passionate supporter of Treasure House, an organization aimed at

empowering young adults with disabilities, ensuring they found support

and opportunities for independence within the community as they

transitioned to adulthood.
He used his platform on the Social

Television Network's Community Collaborative to highlight the actions

of local businesses and leaders that promoted diversity, equity and

inclusion.