After six months, government-wide

layoffs prompted Matthew to relocate to the Bay Area, where he worked

as a budget analyst for the city manager of Oakland and then for the

controller's office in San Francisco.
In 1997, newly elected Mayor

Willie Brown was impressed by Matthew's budget development work and

hired him as his budget director.
Matthew worked his way up through the

City and County of San Francisco to the role of Chief Assistant

Controller, before joining Marin County in 2002 as Chief Assistant to

County Administrator Mark Riesenfeld.
In 2005, the Board of Supervisors

chose Matthew as his successor and at the young age of 38, Matthew

assumed the role of Marin County Administrator, a role he has held for

almost two decades

As Marin County Administrator, Matthew successfully managed a

multimillion-dollar annual budget, supervised administrative work for

the county's 2,000 employees, and provided the board of supervisors

with timely research and recommendations.
He led with intelligence and

stability during the economic challenges of the 2008 through 2010

recession, pension obligations, and the COVID-19 pandemic.
He worked

closely with other agencies, nonprofits, healthcare providers, and the

Marin County Office of Education to establish a cohesive approach to

minimizing the pandemic's impact on the community.
Upon his retirement, Matthew leaves the county with a strong fiscal

position and administrative plan focused on integrating cross-

departmental initiatives that address racial equity, capital

improvements, behavioral health, affordable housing, and homelessness.
Beyond his outstanding budget management, Matthew is known by his

colleagues and the Marin County Board of Supervisors for his

collaborative work style and humble demeanor.
He is an exemplary public

servant.
Mr. Speaker, as Matthew Hymel retires after 22 years of service to

Marin County, I respectfully ask that you join me in expressing

heartfelt gratitude to Matthew for his innumerable achievements in

improving the quality of life for the staff and residents of Marin

County and in sending him best wishes on his next endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
JAMES MILLER

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Mr. James Miller

and to thank him for his long and exemplary career serving our

constituents and servicemen.
Jim's service to our troops began four decades ago while he was

pursuing his second Master's Degree at Florida State University, after

earning his first from Slippery Rock University.
While pursuing his

educational goals, he interned with the Mental Hygiene Clinic at the

Erie County, Pennsylvania Veteran Affairs Hospital.
This would prove to

be a formative experience for Jim who, upon graduation in 1989, took a

job at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
During his time at Fort Campbell, Jim

served in a variety of roles including the Chief of Community Mental

Health and the Chief of Discharge Planning.
In these roles, Jim assumed

responsibility for the well-being of countless troops and their family

members.
He flourished in Kentucky, but when Americans were called to

serve during Operation Desert Storm, Jim followed the 101st Airborne--

the mighty Screaming Eagles--across the waves as the division's social

work officer.
While deployed, he went above and beyond, providing

counseling services to the troops and even establishing a mental health

clinic similar to the one in which he had once worked in.
Jim stayed with the 101st until 1993, afterward continuing his

service at various installations across the nation.
Though his capacity

differed at each station, the quality of service he delivered never

diminished.
His nine-year journey concluded in 2002 when he settled in

with the North Country's own 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum.
During the height of the global War on Terror, Jim provided the

Division with the same essential, high-quality care that had defined

his time with the 101st years prior.
After serving during Operation

Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, he returned to his roots

at the very same Erie VA Hospital where his career had started.