Robin's generosity extended beyond his work with the Chamber.
He was

a passionate supporter of Treasure House, an organization aimed at

empowering young adults with disabilities, ensuring they found support

and opportunities for independence within the community as they

transitioned to adulthood.
He used his platform on the Social

Television Network's Community Collaborative to highlight the actions

of local businesses and leaders that promoted diversity, equity and

inclusion.
His recent collaboration with Impact AZ--a statewide

initiative aimed at bridging the racial wealth gap for Black and

minority-owned businesses--underscores his lifelong mission to foster

intergenerational prosperity and opportunity for all Arizonans.
We owe a debt of gratitude to Robin, who we lost at the age of 62 on

February 28.
He is survived by his wife, Shawna, and beloved children.
Godspeed, Robin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR.
CYNTHIA BAMBARA

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the remarkable tenure

of Allegany College of Maryland President, Dr. Cynthia

Bambara and celebrate her well-earned retirement.
For over four

decades, Dr. Bambara has dedicated her career to the advancement of

higher education, enriching the lives of students and bolstering local

communities through her unwavering dedication.
Her leadership as the first woman to serve as President of Allegany

College of Maryland has proved transformative.
Under her stewardship

for the past thirteen years, the Allegany College of Maryland has

flourished, expanding its academic programs, strengthening community

partnerships, and enhancing student support services.
Through

collaboration with faculty, staff, and administrators, she led the

college to achieve numerous milestones, making ACM a place of

opportunity for all.
The legacy she leaves behind is a testament to her

leadership and the collective achievements of the college community.
It is a privilege to acknowledge Dr. Cynthia Bambara's service and

dedication as she embarks on her next chapter.
Her legacy will

undoubtedly inspire future leaders and continue to benefit ACM students

and the state of Maryland for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VINCENT BONO

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a native son of

Herkimer County, Vincent Bono, and to wish him well as he begins a new

chapter in his storied career.
Mr. Bono was born in Ilion, and he never

strayed too far from home.
In 1985, he settled in Schuyler, which has

been his home ever since.
In 2002, Mr. Bono was elected to represent

Herkimer's 11th district in the county legislature, where he quickly

became a fixture.
He immediately earned the nickname ``Mr. IDA'' for

his support for the county's Industrial Development Agency, which he

now chairs.
Vincent has been a fighter for the economic betterment of

his beloved county since day one.
Under his leadership, business parks

in Schuyler and Frankfort were built, bringing new jobs and residents

with them.
Vincent has also been a champion for students and young

people.
One would be hard-pressed to find a more vocal advocate for

Herkimer Community College than Mr. Bono.
He takes pride in the fact

that he began the Children's Center initiative which will be carried on

by his trusted colleagues and go on to have a positive impact on the

community.
Vincent's service has not been limited to elected leadership.
He has

also served his community as a volunteer firefighter, risking his life

to protect others.
He has also contributed greatly to the work of

numerous organizations tackling issues close to his heart.
Whenever

there has been a need for a reliable voice in Herkimer, Vincent has

readily provided that voice.
Vincent Bono has proven himself to be a true statesman.
On behalf of

New York's 21st Congressional District, I thank him for all he has

contributed to life in the North Country and wish him luck as he begins

a new chapter of his public service.