The right hon.
Gentleman asked why Britain did not support the UN Security Council resolution.
I can tell him clearly that there was a lot good stuff in the resolution that Britain does support, but there was no condemnation of Hamas, and for that reason we felt unable to support it.
However, we did not oppose it, because it had a lot of useful and important stuff in it, and we therefore abstained.
He will recall that there have been a number of resolutions.
We voted yes to the UN resolution drafted by the Americans, but that was vetoed by China and Russia, apparently because they could not bring themselves to condemn what Hamas had done on  7 October .
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me about settler violence.
The targeted killings of civilians are completely abhorrent and we are seeking that those responsible should be not just arrested but prosecuted and punished.
On his comment about travel bans, I can tell him that planning is going on.
The Foreign Secretary discussed this with his US counterpart last week and I hope it may be possible to say something about that shortly.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about Kerem Shalom.
I think that the position of Kerem Shalom is being enhanced at the moment
and I hope very much that that will lead to some facilitation, but those discussions are ongoing at this time.
I am sure that the Minister will want to condemn the gratuitous signs of antisemitism that we saw on the streets again this weekend, which led to Karen Pollock from the Holocaust Educational Trust describing London as “a no-go zone for Jewish people”.
I know that he will want to condemn that.
On the broader issue of a negotiated ceasefire, will he confirm that the Government’s position is as it has been throughout —namely, that Hamas can play no role in the future of the governance of Gaza and that it is Hamas who are responsible for what is happening in Gaza today?
I very much agree with what my hon.
Friend has said.
On his point about a ceasefire, at the moment a ceasefire is wholly implausible.
First of all, Hamas would not agree to one.
They have made it absolutely clear that they want to replicate the terrible acts that took place on  7 October , so I fear that that is not going to happen.
That is why we call for extended humanitarian pauses, and as I understand it, that remains the position of His Majesty’s Official Opposition.