The workload and stress levels of teachers rise exponentially during an inspection.
I am sure that the Minister will join me in offering condolences to the friends and family of Ruth Perry.
In the light of the coroner’s verdict that the “rude and intimidating” nature of the Ofsted inspection contributed to Ruth Perry’s tragic suicide, how is the Minister ensuring the welfare of school leaders is prioritised during inspections?
I of course extend my condolences to the friends and family of Ruth Perry.
It was the most awful tragedy.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State will say a word on that tragedy and Ofsted in a moment.
For now, let me just say that of course the  inspection framework and process must both be fully informative to parents, and supportive to teachers and schools.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the impact of free school meals on children and their parents.
Free school meals support disadvantaged families to the value of £480 a year, ensuring that eligible pupils receive a healthy, nutritious meal.
The Government have expanded free school meals more than any other in recent decades; now, more than a third of pupils in England receive them, compared with a sixth in 2010.
Recently, we have had high food inflation.
While I welcome the fact that the Government have now halved inflation, one of my small schools has told me that it is unable to provide free meals within the money allocated, as it cannot benefit from the same economies of scale as larger schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend review the funds available for small schools?
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend’s point.
The national funding formula recognises that some schools are necessarily small and do not have the same opportunities to realise economies of scale.
Every school receives a lump sum, irrespective of its size—£134,000 for next year—and the Government have reformed the sparsity factor, increasing funding for that from £42 million in 2021-22 to £98 million in 2024-25.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of trends in the level of university applications from international students on the long-term sustainability of higher education institutions.
I am pleased that we have surpassed our target, with well over 600,000 international students.
They remain an important source of income and a source of pride for our universities, and the total impact of international students was worth £37 billion across the duration of their studies.
As the Minister has just mentioned, the economic benefit of overseas students is some £37.4 billion spread between universities and economies across the UK, but applications in this UCAS admissions round are down.
With increasingly stiff competition from elsewhere, UK institutions cannot simply rely on their excellent reputations, so what more can the Minister do to ensure that the UK remains an attractive place for international students to study?
As I said to the hon.
Lady, we have something like 689,000 international students and our target is 600,000 a year.[Official Report,  18 December 2023 , Vol. 742, c. 8MC.]
We are working very closely with Sir Steve Smith.
We want to diversify to a whole range of different countries to advertise ourselves to  international students but, as I say, the trends are good.
The hundreds of thousands of international students who are here benefit our economy and provide an important source of income for universities.