The Minister will have seen pictures of the horrific loss of life in Gaza, which started up again over the weekend, and of half-naked men being paraded through the streets.
The Geneva convention prohibits turning prisoners of war into objects of “public curiosity”.
He will also know of the grave concerns about reports of the use of rape by Hamas fighters on  7 October .
All of this shows that we will need a very clear mechanism for the investigation of allegations of war crimes and for accountability, if war crimes are found to have happened.
Will the Minister set out what the UK Government, who have said that international law must be upheld, believe that mechanism should be?
I have a great deal of sympathy with the points that the hon.
Lady makes.
The British Government have made it clear that all parties in this terrible conflict must abide by international humanitarian law.
We continue to identify and look for mechanisms for ensuring that  there can be no impunity in that respect, and that there will be transparency over the actions that the forces take.
It is good to see you back in the Chair, Mr Speaker.
The humanitarian pauses gave an opportunity for the welcome release of Israeli hostages.
However, as a result of Palestinian prisoners being released, there is a concern that Hamas are gaining ground in the west bank and could end up being the major force in the whole of the area that we call Palestine.
What efforts is my right hon.
Friend making to ensure the release of the hostages without any conditions?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to focus on the terrible plight of the hostages.
I cannot give the House a running commentary on what is happening in respect of the hostages, but there have been no new developments.
He will know that the Ministry of Defence is supplying surveillance flights over Gaza to assist in that general endeavour, but he may rest assured that the plight of the hostages is at the top of our list of concerns.
The Israeli Defence Ministry has told the UN that it “must do better” at delivering aid to Gaza.
This is not a natural disaster; it is deliberate military action, during which Israeli forces have so far killed 130 UN aid staff, mostly alongside their families.
How many more innocent people must die before Members on both Front Benches realise the scale of the atrocities and demand a permanent ceasefire as the only way out?
I understand the right hon.
Lady’s strength of feeling, but she does no service to Members on either Front Bench, who have made it clear that the reasons why a ceasefire would not work are known to the House and that trying to secure humanitarian pauses—the longer the better—is the way to release humanitarian support to those who are suffering in the way she describes.
The despicable actions of Hamas and Iran are responsible for this conflict, but proportionality is important in the rules of war, as my right hon.
Friend knows.
Can he explain what we are doing, working with our friends in the middle east, to encourage a sense of proportionality in Israel’s response, so that we minimise the many civilian casualties while respecting their need to take military action?
My hon.
Friend expresses the balance very clearly and very well, particularly in the first part of his question.
The important point, which Britain makes continually to Israel, is that its response must be proportionate, and it must operate within international humanitarian law.
We urgently need to see steps towards a permanent ceasefire and an end to hostility on all sides, but the Minister is right that neither Israel nor Hamas have agreed to that.
In seeking the release of hostages, and knowing that we need to see an end to Hamas’s influence and place in Gaza, there ultimately needs to be an  alternative to Israel’s current strategy, with hospitals now at breaking point, food and medicine not getting through, and effectively the de-development of Gaza.
What are the Government doing to push for a consensus at the UN, and for a strategy to ensure that the International Criminal Court will be able to hold all parties to account for their conduct?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point about the critical need to get support into Gaza.
Yesterday, 100 trucks got through, and 300,000 litres of fuel got through during 9 and  10 December .
It is nothing like enough, but we are doing everything that we can in respect of the humanitarian effort, alongside our likeminded partners, to galvanise the international humanitarian community to get aid into Gaza.
It is not an issue of getting aid into the region; the aid is there, and there is plenty more back-up to come.
It is about actually getting it into Gaza.
We are stretching every sinew to try to achieve an increase in humanitarian support as fast as we can.
Few would deny Israel’s right to defend itself against an internationally proscribed terrorist organisation, but as a military man, I do not always find it easy to reconcile that with what we are seeing on the ground in Gaza, or the broader operational nature of that campaign.
Could the Minister please assure me of the efforts being conducted behind closed doors to ensure Israeli restraint?
My hon.
Friend is right to underline the concern about the humanitarian casualties, but as I have said repeatedly in response to this urgent question, we are doing everything we can to make the point that he has emphasised.
Hamas are an obstacle to peace and a two-state solution, and they must release all hostages now.
While pushing for that as a means to further pauses in hostilities, can the Minister confirm what discussions are taking place with international partners to create the conditions where Israel is secure and Palestinians can see a path to reconstruction, renewal and statehood in Gaza?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that those discussions are indeed taking place.
The Foreign Secretary was in Washington DC last week, and he had discussions with his counterpart.
The Prime Minister had a lengthy conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu on  5 December , and at COP the Prime Minister met Israel, Qatar, Egypt and Jordan.
He emphasised throughout the importance of providing a political horizon.
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the set of actions that are required, but she may rest assured that the Government are doing everything we can to pursue them.
I was profoundly disappointed by the Minister’s comments when he dismissed calls for a humanitarian ceasefire as being implausible.
If it is so implausible, can he explain why that is the position of every other country in the world with the exception of the United States of America, and does he not understand that it is damaging this country’s credibility to be an honest broker in the necessary international discussions that have to follow?
Can he name one action by his Department that has been designed to try to gain the trust of the Palestinian people in this conflict?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, I am in no doubt that Lord Cameron’s visit to the west bank will have done just that.
On his first point, perhaps he should ask those who are advocating for a ceasefire the question that I have sought to answer: how can there be a ceasefire when neither party to the military action would be willing to accept one?
Since the terrible attack by Hamas on  7 October , more than 250 Palestinians have been killed by illegal settlers in the west bank and there are unconfirmed reports of the involvement of the Israel Defence Forces in the violence.
The criteria outlining who can receive arms export licences from the Government include strong wording on violence against women and children.
What diplomatic engagement has the Minister had to ensure that any arms exported from this country are not used to facilitate unlawful military activity?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to make it clear that the targeted killing of civilians is completely unacceptable.
That is why I said in response to the shadow Foreign Secretary that we seek not just the arrest but the prosecution and punishment of those responsible.
In respect of arms licences, she may well know that Britain has the most demanding export licence regime of any country in the world.
I think that can give us all confidence that those export licences are granted on the right terms.
Is it not very obvious that Israel is herding the entire population of Gaza, in a state of utter desperation and poverty, with a lack of food, medicine and water, and with serious injuries that cannot be treated, and that its ultimate aim is to expel the population of Gaza and to reoccupy it?
Does the Minister not think it is time that we supported the call for a ceasefire, as every other nation in the world has done, and stopped being isolated in this ridiculous approach of saying that somehow a ceasefire cannot work?
We have to start somewhere to save life.
We have to start somewhere to prevent this catastrophe from getting even worse, on top of the 18,000 already killed in Gaza.
I have set out what we are trying to do to relieve the suffering the right hon.
Gentleman so eloquently describes in Gaza, but I have to caution him that a simple call for a ceasefire is not the answer.
Much better, in the view of the Government, is to make it clear that humanitarian pauses—preferably extended humanitarian pauses—offer hope of the sort of relief that he and I both wish to see.
When this terrible conflict comes to an end, as all wars must, both Gaza and the west bank will require substantial investment to restore and enhance the economic wellbeing of the Palestinian people.
What discussions is my right hon.
Friend having with other countries about how they may take a role in an economic revival of the area, which could play a role in a lasting peace?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to emphasise that the economic reconstruction and rebuilding of Gaza will be an essential element in any political settlement.
More widely, as I have set out, the Government are trying to make sure that, when there is an opportunity to drive forward that political horizon, that is precisely what we will do.
I have just met with Othman, a constituent from Halifax, who is originally from Gaza and is utterly distressed about what his family back home are enduring.
The UN Secretary-General has declared that “nowhere in Gaza is safe” for civilians.
We know that the aid getting in is utterly insufficient and the humanitarian situation cannot be addressed until the violence ends.
I have heard what the Minister has to say, but the humanitarian pauses that have been secured might have felt impossible at the start of this conflict.
We urge him to redouble his efforts to work towards an enduring humanitarian ceasefire, which surely is the next logical step.
I agree very much with the hon.
Lady about the importance of securing a humanitarian pause.
That is exactly what we are doing; she will be pleased, like me, to hear that the United Kingdom permanent representative at the United Nations is on a visit to the region at this time to see, among other things, how we can achieve precisely that.