The Secretary of State will be familiar with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in Essex, and I thank her and her ministerial team for their support.
Can she give an assurance that contractors such as Mitie, employed to build a temporary accommodation unit for local schools, are working with schools to deliver programmes on time and to meet their needs?
Right now, we are seeing delays that are affecting the educational outcomes of local children.
The temporary classrooms at St Andrew’s Junior School were delivered by Essex County Council, which I thank once again for its exemplary leadership managing RAAC in Essex.
The Department is working closely with all parties to ensure that any concerns are addressed quickly.
Work is ongoing today to fix a disabled access door.
I can confirm that we will remove RAAC from all schools and colleges.
Settings will be offered either grant funding or rebuilding projects.
We are assessing the right solution for each case and we will update the House shortly.
Swallowfield Primary School has a space-constrained site in my constituency, and relies on temporary accommodation to provide important special educational needs and disabilities interventions for pupils.
However, because of an inadvertent breach of section 77 of the School Standards and Framework Act 1998, it has had a loss of space and may lose that unit because of the compromising effect on outdoor space.
Given that the space lost could never have been used for recreational purposes— Order.
These are topical questions.
It sounds like there are important details to get to grips with, so I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The Government are rightly focusing on technical as well as academic education with the new British standard.
University technical college sleeves would support the Government to enhance pre-16 technical education in secondary schools.
Will the extra £50 million made available for technical education in schools in the autumn statement be available for UTC sleeves?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for UTCs and technical education.
I am delighted that the Secretary of State recently approved two more UTCs.
A couple of weeks ago I visited the brilliant Harlow BMAT STEM Academy, which is a UTC, and UTC Portsmouth.
We will respond shortly to Lord Baker’s request for a UTC sleeve pilot, as she mentioned.
Corpus Christi junior school on Brixton Hill has been closed since July due to RAAC.
We now have tenders approved for the significant works that the Department for Education said were necessary and that it would pay for, but they must begin in January to ensure that they are completed in time.
Could the Secretary of State explain why, despite repeated requests, her Department has still not approved the necessary funding?
Any further delay could mean that my young constituents are left with further disruption and no building to learn in for the next academic year.
We are, as the hon.
Lady will know, committed to ensure that reasonable costs for temporary accommodation and so on are covered in the immediate term and beyond, to make sure that capital costs are covered for either refurbishment or, in some cases, rebuild.
There will be further detail to come before long.
England has shot up the international rankings in education, but schools in Wales have not.
Does that not show that Conservative education reforms are helping kids to thrive in schools in England?
Yes.
We have to compare and contrast that with Wales, which has the lowest educational standards in the UK.
The simple answer to why that is, is that it is run by Labour.
Under Labour, our education standards plummeted from eighth to 27th in maths, from seventh to 25th in reading and from fourth to 16th in science.
Thanks to the hard work of our teachers and pupils, and the reforms under this Conservative Government, we have rocketed back up the tables to 11th for maths and 13th for reading and science.
Every time Labour gets power, education standards fall.
The Conservatives are the only ones taking the long-term decisions to deliver a better education for our children.
Please work with me to enable everybody to get in.
Despite my private Member’s Bill on statutory guidance to reduce the cost of school uniforms—the Education (Guidance about Costs of School Uniforms) Act 2021—far too many schools require a plethora of logos and branded items.
When can we expect more robust intervention from Ministers to deal with this issue?
Schools should be reasonable in what they do and that is what our guidance sets out.
Staff at Bramhall High School have worked extremely hard to maintain the education of students following the discovery of RAAC.
I am grateful for the support given by the  Department and Stockport Council to ensure that temporary classrooms will be in place in the new year.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the headteacher and the staff for all their hard work?
Given the existing condition of the school, will he join me in calling for it to be included in a new build programme?
Can you just help me to get through?
Members have not got in yet
and I really do want to help everybody.
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking and paying tribute to all the staff, children and families at Bramhall High Street.
She is a great advocate for them.
Schools and colleges will be offered either capital grants to fund refurbishment or permanently remove RAAC, or rebuilding projects where they are needed.
Last week, the Government published an update of the list of schools with RAAC.
Will the Minister confirm that the Department is seeking to cross-check its list of schools affected by RAAC with the BBC, because it remains the case that the BBC journalists have more of a grip on this crisis than the Government?
We have a lot of people working on this and rightly so, including making sure that all the surveys get done.
We have also committed to being transparent, which is why we publish regular updates to the list.
We continue to work at pace to try to resolve the problems as quickly as possible for the good of the children.
Malvern College in my constituency employs hundreds of local people, supports the local economy, earns export earnings for our country, ensures that people around the world love the UK, and is a huge supporter of our local schools.
What kind of destructive ideology would put all that at risk and make the UK the only country in the world to tax education?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a dreadful policy and it will have exactly the opposite impact.
It will probably actually cost money and mean children moving schools, and all because the Labour party just plays the politics of envy.
I offer my deepest condolences to the family of Ruth Perry.
Following the inquest last week, will the Secretary of State now consider the removal of the single-word judgment from Ofsted inspection reports?