My hon.
Friend is a true champion of skills in Stoke-on-Trent and, as he mentioned, we strongly support the £3.2 million we are investing through the local skills improvement fund.
That is underpinned by £3.8 billion of additional national investment and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know we will be opening the Stoke-on-Trent Staffordshire institute of technology in September 2024, with £13 million of capital funding as part of our revolution in tertiary education.
My constituency is at the beating heart of motorsport valley and it is critical for motorsport’s future success that we get skills training and education right for young people who want to go into that sector.
The Grand Prix Trust is supporting that effort, having launched a £100,000 annual bursary scheme to help disadvantaged college students become part of the dynamic British motorsport sector, a partnership with the National College for Motorsport and Silverstone University Technical College.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming this fantastic initiative, and tell me what more he can do to help promote this important work?
My hon.
Friend highlights the skills revolution we are having in this country, and the initiatives he has mentioned increase the collaboration between business and skills providers to help disadvantaged students in his constituency to climb the ladder of opportunity in a high-profile industry.
I extend my thanks to Pat Symonds, chief technical officer of Formula 1, and Martin Brundle, chairman of the GPT trustees.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that the South Central Institute of Technology based in Milton Keynes is also exploring opportunities to work with motorsport in the area.
Plymouth is home to world-class skills in marine and nuclear engineering.
Demand for apprentices in our city is growing, especially with the construction of new berths and docks for nuclear submarines at Devonport dockyard.
Does the Minister agree that skills training and apprenticeships are just as important as new cranes and new docks in making these projects a success and supporting our armed forces, and will he meet me, a delegation of Plymouth businesses, our city council and City College Plymouth to look at how we can turbocharge creating more apprenticeships in our city to deliver these exciting and innovative projects?
The hon.
Gentleman will be pleased that his constituency has received over 14,910 apprenticeship starts since 2010, which is really good news, but he is absolutely right that our skills offering is the key for future employment and jobs and to ensure people climb the ladder of opportunity.
We have the apprenticeships, the bootcamps, the higher technical qualification and the free level 3 courses, but I will look at what he says and would be happy to meet him and other Plymouth MPs to work through the important issues he mentions.
Tertiary education providers are themselves businesses that seek to meet local skills needs, and the University of Exeter is no different.
It hosts international students who contribute £486 million to Devon’s economy.
People in Devon do not think of these students as immigrants, given how this funding helps boost skills among local people, so will the Minister talk to his counterparts in the Home Office about taking students out of the net migration figures?
As a former Exeter University student myself, I know how brilliant it is, and it also has a huge and incredibly successful programme of degree apprenticeships.
I am very supportive of international students; they bring a lot of income to our country.
Visa matters are always matters for the Home Office but I am sure there will be discussions about the issues raised by the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of support staff vacancies in schools.
Support staff play a vital role in our schools.
We have given schools the freedom to recruit the staff they require to meet their own needs; although we do not collect central data on vacancies as a result, I can tell the hon.
Lady that the number of support staff working in schools has increased for the past three years.
We have already heard in this Question Time about delays in getting the education, health and care plans in Lancashire.
As a consequence, rural schools like Quernmore, which I had the privilege of visiting on Friday, are left with more children with special educational needs in mainstream but without the financial support package that should come with that.
These small rural schools are therefore having to support children with additional needs and do not always have the right number of staff to be able to do so in the way they would like.
Is support available to rural and small schools, especially in Lancashire, to meet the needs of all children?
We must meet the needs of all children; and at some level, every teacher is a teacher of special educational needs and disabilities.
I recognise that there can be particular difficulties for smaller schools in rural areas, as the hon.
Member mentions.
We have the wider EHCP system, which is better than the previous system.
On places available in special schools, where children are in mainstream schools, I recognise the central role played by teaching assistants.
That is why we have set out in the SEND and alternative provision improvement plan how we will look to consolidate that position and give further advice on the best deployment of TAs.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the workload of teachers.
Reducing unnecessary workload is a priority for the Department and for me.
We have convened a workload reduction taskforce of experts, teaching unions and practitioners to make recommendations on how to minimise workload for teachers and school leaders.
It is good to see you back, Mr Speaker, and looking so well.
The last-minute nature of Ofsted inspections is causing huge anxiety to my small rural schools in Meon Valley.
That means that teachers and in particular headteachers are putting off activities, such as residential school trips, educational trips and professional development courses, in case they get that call from Ofsted.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider changing the notice period for inspections so that teachers can plan their workload better?
I value all those activities that my hon.
Friend sets out that schools undertake for their children.
Like her, I represent a rural constituency—indeed, we have next-door constituencies.
I recognise what she says about small rural schools.
Inspections have an important role to play, but Ofsted also has the flexibility in the framework to take account of the particular position of smaller schools.
Teacher workloads are being exacerbated by teacher vacancies that schools are struggling to fill, and funding pressures are resulting in cuts to support staff, who often support the most vulnerable and needy children.
That is leading to an exodus of teachers from our schools.
Just last week, we saw the staggering figures from the Government that teacher training recruitment targets have been missed by a whopping 50% in our secondary schools, with the sharpest fall in maths, which is allegedly a priority for the Prime Minister.
How bad does it have to get before the Government will produce and implement a proper workforce strategy?
I can confirm that there are 27,000 more teachers and 60,000 more teaching assistants in our schools compared with 2010.
We have the most talented generation of teachers ever, and we continue to focus on a strong recruitment and retention strategy, so that we continue to get the best talent to teach our children.