The Minister did say that too many Palestinians have died in pursuit of a solution to the Hamas problem, but I wondered: does he genuinely believe, and is it the Government’s position, that a military solution—a military defeat of Hamas—is possible?
I have no doubt that it is possible to degrade and stop the military machine that wrought the terrible disaster on  7 October .
When addressing an ideology, however, it is extremely important to recognise that a political process is absolutely essential.
That is why the Government are spending, along with our allies, enormous amounts of time in trying to work through how that could be achieved.
Shamefully, our Government refused to back the ceasefire at the UN Security Council last week, when a motion was supported by 100 countries, including France, Spain and Portugal, among other European nations.
In the face of the indiscriminate killing and suffering that we are seeing day after day in Gaza, is it not a failure of moral leadership to refuse to back a ceasefire?
Will this constant refusal to back a ceasefire not be seen as giving the green light to Israel to commit yet more war crimes?
I think the hon.
Gentleman would receive the same response from those on his own Front Bench as he will receive from me.
As I have already said to the House, a ceasefire is simply impractical, because we have to have two sides that are willing to sign up to a ceasefire and there is absolutely no suggestion, at any point, that either of them will.
A Minister in the Iranian Government, General Ezzatollah Zarghami, formerly of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, has told Iranian media that this “first mission” as the “production manager” of Iranian-made rockets is to supply those rockets to be fired into Israel and hit civilians.
He openly told Iranian media that he lived in Hamas terror tunnels “for some time”.
That is an Iranian Minister openly admitting to having lived in terrorist tunnels and supplying rockets.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern about Iran bankrolling and arming Hamas?
Yes, I share that concern very much, as do the Government.
On illegal settlements, does not the experience of the past two decades show that words have absolutely no impact on Prime Minister Netanyahu?
I welcome the Minister’s announcement today that the Government are examining sanctioning the violent illegal settlers, following in America’s footsteps, but why can we not have a ban on all trade between the United Kingdom and the illegal settlements?
The Government have always made it absolutely clear that the settlements are illegal under international law, and we will continue to make that case as forcefully as we think appropriate.
I agree with the deputy Secretary of State’s comments on degrading Hamas, but does he agree that the malevolent force in the region is Iran?
Although, obviously, we do not want  a direct conflict with Iran, what more can the Government do, with our partners and allies, to ensure that we can degrade the capacity and capabilities of Iran to inflict the suffering that it has inflicted on the region?
My right hon.
Friend will know that the Government have been clear that measures need to be taken, and we have used our own military assets in this respect, to make sure that the conflict does not widen.
We have sent a very clear warning to Iran in that respect, along with our allies, and he may rest assured that we continue to watch this issue with extreme care.
In response to an earlier question, the Minister talked of dangerous regional escalation and the scale of the loss of life.
How do his Government hope to prevent either, and support a just and lasting peace, without calling for a ceasefire?
How can they claim to support a two-state solution when they do not recognise the state of Palestine?
One plus zero has never equalled two.
It is, I think, the policy of both sides of the House that we should not pursue the possibility of a ceasefire, because there is no possibility, for very trenchant reasons that have been set out.
The hon.
Lady is, however, right to point to the political horizon, to ensure that we take advantage, as soon as the moment is plausible, of building a political track.
As part of that, we are looking to build Palestinian state capacity.
We know that Gaza should be under Palestinian control when this is over.
Hamas has no place in a future of Gaza and we must never allow them ever to be able to entrench themselves in the civilian population again.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
What recent engagement has my right hon.
Friend had with Qatari counterparts in relation to their pivotal role as mediator between Israel and Hamas?
Discussions with Qatari go on all the time.
Indeed, my noble Friend Lord Ahmad, the Foreign Office Minister with responsibility for the middle east, has been in Qatar recently.