I, too, welcome the Minister to his place.
On Friday, I joined Labour’s candidate Alan Strickland on a visit to Ferryhill School in County Durham.
The staff team and students are amazing, but staff are left teaching in portacabins, the dining room and the sports hall, the staff room is behind a curtain on a stage, and years 10 and 11 are in a different town.
Last week, yet more schools were added to the list of those with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, and the Secretary of State could not confirm how many will need complete rebuilds.
Given the urgency, can the Minister tell parents, children and staff when this chaos will end?
Mr Speaker, allow me to take this moment to pay tribute to all school staff, leaders, children and their families, who have shown great fortitude in dealing with the disruption caused by RAAC.
We have moved quickly to make sure all schools with suspected RAAC are surveyed and to work with schools to put in place alternative arrangements.
Of course none of that is perfect, but schools have shown great flexibility in working towards that, such that we now have 99% of affected schools back with full-time face-to-face education.
What steps she is taking to increase childcare support for working parents.
What steps she is taking to increase childcare support for working parents.
The Government announced earlier this year transformative reforms to childcare to benefit children, parents and the economy.
By 2027-28, we expect to spend in excess of £8 billion every year on free childcare hours and early education, representing the single largest investment in childcare in England ever.
In recent months, I have visited several early years providers across Bracknell Forest, where it is clear that the improved provision and ratios will make a big difference both for working families and for the providers.
Could the Minister please outline what more could be done to better incentivise working parents to return to work?
Last week the Department for Business and Trade published its response to its consultation on flexible working, making clear that this Government are committed to changes to legislation that will enable more flexible working.
Together with our expansion of childcare, that will ensure parents have more choice over how, when and where they work.
Welcome back, Mr Speaker.
The Early Education and Childcare Coalition has found that 57% of nursery staff and 38% of childminders are considering leaving the early years sector in the next 12 months, and Stroud businesses say the same thing.
That absolutely cannot happen.
They are a skilled and amazing workforce, whom parents trust with the most precious things, and the Government have backed the industry as integral to the growth strategy.
What evidence does my hon.
Friend have that the UK is retaining nursery staff and childminders, and what can we be doing to ensure the new system is successful?