Shockingly, results last summer revealed that one in three students dropped out of their T-level course, which is higher than for earlier cohorts.
Something is going very wrong.
In April, the Education Committee raised major concerns about T-level roll-outs, regional variations and falling employer engagement.
Access to opportunity really matters, so should the Minister not now pause and review the defunding of alternative qualifications, as Labour would, and urgently bring forward the 2023-24 T-level action plan in order to address concerns raised by the Select Committee and Ofsted and bring much-needed clarity and support for colleges, employers, parents and students?
Not content with being in the anti-apprenticeship party, given her plans to weaken the apprenticeship levy and halve the number of apprenticeships, the hon.
Lady is also taking on the mantle of T-level denier.
We have 18 T-levels; we have, as I mentioned, a 90.5% pass rate; we have 10,000 students doing our T-level programme; and we expect the data that we will release early next year to show that many thousands more students are doing the T-level programme.[Official Report,  18 December 2023 , Vol. 742, c. 7MC.]
I am very proud of our T-level programme.
I know that the hon.
Lady will be eating mince pies at Christmas, but I suggest that early next year she may be eating humble pie, because our T-level programme is something to be proud of.
If her Department will make an assessment of the potential impact of after-school childcare on long-term educational outcomes.
In October, the Government announced the allocation of £289 million of start-up funding to local authorities for wraparound care, which we know supports parents to work, as well as having the potential to improve attainment, engagement and attendance.[Official Report,  18 December 2023 , Vol. 742, c. 7MC.]
I recently visited Muschamp Primary School in Carshalton and Wallington, where I observed the Junior Adventures Group UK—a leading provider of school-age childcare in my constituency—in the crucial support that it gives children, particularly those with special educational needs, beyond school hours.
However, it is evident that school-age childcare needs reform.
I welcome that £289 million, but can my hon.
Friend explain how the frameworks will ensure that that investment effectively supports families, specifically those with requirements for special educational needs and disabilities?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have set out clear expectations that all wraparound provision should be inclusive and accessible.
We have given local authorities flexibility in how to spend their funding, but we expect them to distribute it in a way that ensures equal access to provision for parents of children with special educational needs.
What steps her Department is taking to support pupils with special educational needs and disabilities.
We want all children to receive the right support to reach their full potential.
That is why, since March, we have opened 14 new special free schools, with 78 more approved; we have launched our £70 million change programme, benefiting every region in England and testing key SEND and alternative provision, including innovative approaches to speech and language therapy; and, to help young people with special educational needs into work, we are doubling the number of supported internships to 4,500 by 2025.
By next year, we will have increased high-needs funding by 60%, to over £10.5 billion, in just five years.
Last year in Buckinghamshire, one in three education, health and care plans were issued outside the legally required 20-week timeframe.
Will the Secretary of State outline what concrete steps the Department is taking to improve access to educational psychologists and reduce waiting times for EHCPs?
I know how hard parents fight to get the right support for their children.
Sometimes that takes too long, and I am determined to make that easier, which is why we are simplifying and standardising the EHCP process.
However, to deliver that support, we need our fantastic teachers, teaching assistants and specialist SEND teachers; without them, we could not provide children with the support they require.
That is why we are boosting training opportunities through a new national professional qualification for special educational needs co-ordinators, which will be launched in autumn 2024, and investing a further £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists.
We are also training up to 7,000 early years specialists, over 5,000 of whom have begun their training.
We now have 280,000 teaching assistants in our schools, an increase of over 60,000 since we have been in office.
One in 10 children in education in my constituency receives special educational needs support.
Thanks to the Department for Education, we have had a new special school, the Austen Academy—that is a free school—and significant increases in budgets, but can we also ensure that teaching children with special needs is a mainstream part of teacher education?
Supporting children with special educational needs every day is now a mainstream part of school.