From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BILLIONAIRE INCOME TAX ACT AND NOTING THE POPE'S

CONCERN ON INCOME INEQUALITY

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I plan to introduce the Billionaire Income

Tax Act on Wednesday and will hold a press conference with the House

cosponsor Congressman Don Beyer and the Senate bill sponsor Ron Wyden.
It is an effort to establish a level of fairness in federal income

taxation and prevent millionaires and billionaires, and the aspiring

trillionaire, Elon Musk, from taking advantage of the tax code to pay

what, for them is pocket change.
I have not asked him, but it looks

like Pope Leo would endorse the Billionaire Income Tax Act.
He recently

did an interview with a biographer and excerpts were released on

Sunday.
Speaking of societal polarization, he said it is in part caused

by income inequality.
One factor, he said, and I'm quoting him, is

``the continuously wider gap between the income levels of the working

class and the money that the wealthiest receive.
For example, CEOs that

60 years ago might have been making four to six times more than what

the workers are receiving, the last figure I saw, it's 600 times more

than what average workers are receiving.
Yesterday the said news that

Elon Musk is going to be the first trillionaire in the world.
What does

that mean and what's that about?
If that is the only thing that has

value anymore, then we're in big trouble.''
I agree with Pope Leo and

hope our bill will have a significant effect on what everyone seems to

acknowledge is a huge and growing problem.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I missed all the votes in the vote series

on September 8, 2025.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on

Roll Call No.
241, final passage of H.R. 3425, the POST Act; and YEA on

Roll Call No.
240, final passage of H.R. 3424, the SPACE Act.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HIS ALL-HOLINESS BARTHOLOMEW, ARCHBISHOP OF CONSTANTINOPLE

AND ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of His All-Holiness

Bartholomew, Archbishop of Constantinople and Ecumenical Patriarch, as

he visits the United States to receive the Templeton Prize.
Born Demetrios Arhondonis on the island of Imvros, known today as

Gokceada, Turkey, Patriarch Bartholomew was elected the 270th

Archbishop of Constantinople and Ecumenical Patriarch in October 1991.
Today he leads a community of 300 million Orthodox Christians and is

the longest serving archbishop in the church's 2,000-year history.
Patriarch Bartholomew pursued theological studies in Istanbul, Rome,

Switzerland, Germany, and Greece, earning a doctorate in Canon law.
Recognized for his scholarship and global perspective, he has received

honorary doctorates from leading institutions across the world.
Throughout his time as Ecumenical Patriarch, Bartholomew has worked

to build unity among the Christian churches and foster meaningful

dialogue between world religions.
He has convened many international

conferences, bringing together religious leaders from across the globe

to promote coexistence and tolerance.
Known as the ``Green Patriarch,''

Patriarch Bartholomew has brought significant attention to ecological

concerns, organizing global, interfaith symposia on climate change and

ecological responsibility.
For his environmental leadership, he has

received numerous awards and international recognition.
Patriarch Bartholomew has addressed the United Nations, the European

Parliament, and the World Economic Forum, earning accolades from around

the world.
In recognition of his global contributions, he received the

Congressional Gold Medal in 1997.
In September 2025, Patriarch

Bartholomew will travel to the U.S. to receive the Templeton Prize, one

the most prestigious awards recognizing those who use the power of

science to explore the deepest questions of the universe and

humankind's place and purpose within it.