Ms. Lee began her journey at Virginia State University where she

earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration.
She then went

on to pursue a Master of Science in Contract and Acquisition Management

from the Florida Institute of Technology, laying the academic

foundation for a career that would span more than 4 decades.
At the age of 18, Ms. Lee began her career as a student hire.
From

those early days, she demonstrated exceptional leadership, rising

through the ranks to become a well-respected leader.
Over the course of her career, Ms. Lee's contributions have left a

lasting impact on both her peers and the entire federal workforce in

her role as Program Manager of Small Business Programs within the

Department of the Army.
In recognition for her exceptional performance, Ms. Lee has received

numerous awards that reflect her commitment and dedication.
As Resource

Management Chief, she was commended for her service as Acting Deputy

Commander from May 2021 to January 2022, a role in which she displayed

exceptional professionalism.
I want to personally thank Ms. Lee for her decades of service.
Mr.

Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Lee for her 44

years of outstanding federal service.
We are deeply grateful for her

dedication, her leadership, and her invaluable contributions to our

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING STABLE RECOVERY

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Suicide Prevention Month, I

rise to honor Stable Recovery for their work around mental health,

suicide, and addiction.
Stable Recovery is a small, peer-driven,

equine-focused rehabilitation program located in Kentucky.
This program

was launched on Taylor Made Farm in 2022 by co-founders Frank Taylor

and Christian Countzler.
Their vision was simple but powerful: to help

individuals find strength and healing through the power of the horse,

the principles of 12-step recovery, and the dignity of meaningful work.
The School of Horsemanship, created by Frank Taylor and built on

decades of horsemanship knowledge, provides a 90-day residential

program for education and healing.
Residents find structure,

discipline, and purpose as they learn equine care, farm work, financial

independence and participate in daily therapy, support groups, and 12-

step instruction.
The goal was to not only allow residents to thrive

and learn in recovery but to provide a natural employment pathway to

jobs in the equine industry, an industry that needs more skilled

talent.
The horse industry has been extraordinarily supportive.
In just three

short years, Stable Recovery has already seen lives transformed and

exceptional growth.
They credit their success to evidence based

clinical practices, consistency of the program, mentorship, community

and the healing power of horses.
The men and women that have completed

the program have reached milestones of sobriety.
Many now live in

recovery while working in the

equine industry.
Stable Recovery's metrics exceed national norms.
As of

today, 80 percent of Stable Recovery's legacy graduates remain sober

and are employed in the equine industry.
Generous individuals and

organizations, like HISA and Jockeys' Guild, believe in their mission.
Their support has given residents a chance to recover at Taylor Made

Farm and strategic partners have provided stable employment, allowing

graduates to build lives of independence and purpose.
I am honored to recognize the work of Stable Recovery as we consider

their incredible work for our community and what more can be done to

prevent suicide in our Nation.
We can heal people through horses, and

in the process, create better lives, stronger families, and the

opportunity of a bright future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BILLIONAIRE INCOME TAX ACT AND NOTING THE POPE'S

CONCERN ON INCOME INEQUALITY

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I plan to introduce the Billionaire Income

Tax Act on Wednesday and will hold a press conference with the House

cosponsor Congressman Don Beyer and the Senate bill sponsor Ron Wyden.