I wish

her all the best in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE OF DIXIE DEMUTH

HON.
MORGAN McGARVEY

Mr. McGARVEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the

legacy and remarkable life of a Louisville hometown hero, Dixie Demuth,

who fought for equality for women in Kentucky and left a permanent mark

on our city and commonwealth.
Born in 1917 in the famous Samuels House in Samuels, Kentucky, Dixie

moved to Louisville with her mother in 1933 at the height of the Great

Depression.
From an early age, she worked in restaurants and bars,

learning the trade in popular downtown spots until she opened her own

place on 5th Street in Louisville.
She called it Dixie's Elbow Room.
Although Dixie was allowed to own and run a bar, a two-hundred-year-old

Kentucky law prohibited women from working as bartenders or even

sitting at bars.
Dixie decided that just

wasn't right, and, in 1968, she hired her very first woman bartender

and served a woman seated at her bar--her own adult daughter, in fact.
The Kentucky Alcohol Beverage Control Board came down hard and fast,

incensed not only that she was breaking the law but also that she

openly advertised her rulebreaking in the hope that other bar owners

would join her fight, but no one did.
Though the ABC shut her down and

took her liquor license, Dixie did not give up the fight.
Found guilty

of violating the antiquated state law, Dixie appealed her sentence and

brought her case to the Kentucky Court of Appeals, who decided in her

favor in 1972, calling the law ``invidious and arbitrary.''
Her quiet

revolution behind the counter became a landmark victory for women's

rights in the commonwealth and across the country.
At 100 years old, when asked why she decided to take her bold stand,

Dixie remembered: ``I said this is ridiculous, I'm going to change

that, so I did.''
Dixie died in 2020 at the age of 102, but her legacy

lives on.
In 2023, she was inducted into the Kentucky Bourbon Hall of

Fame, which recognizes sacrifice and determination in the bourbon

industry.
Louisville Mayor Craig Greenberg recently unveiled a new

historical marker, part of the Louisville Metro Historical Marker

Program, placed where her bar once stood, ensuring that future

generations will learn about Dixie's fight and victory.
As a co-chair of the Congressional Bourbon Caucus, and as a proud son

of Louisville, I am grateful for the path Dixie paved for the bourbon

industry and the many women who work in it.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the

House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and legacy of

Dixie Demuth, as well as to celebrate the unveiling of the historical

marker that enshrines her in our city's history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF KATHY LUKE

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Mrs. Kathy Chester

Luke of Philadelphia, Mississippi.
Mrs. Luke spent most of her life

living in Philadelphia with her husband, Bob Luke, and always

considered it home.
Kathy was a devoted teacher who poured patience,

encouragement, and a belief that the children she encountered would

help shape a better future for their families and communities into

every student who entered the doors of her classroom.
The love Kathy

showed to her students was a small glimpse into the selfless matriarch

her family remembers her to be.
Nothing brought Kathy more joy than

seeing all her family gathered in one room.
She loved to decorate for

the holidays, travel with her husband, and play mahjong weekly with her

friends.
Kathy's time as an educator impacted countless lives as she served as

a selfless pillar of strength to her students and coworkers.