Nothing brought Kathy more joy than

seeing all her family gathered in one room.
She loved to decorate for

the holidays, travel with her husband, and play mahjong weekly with her

friends.
Kathy's time as an educator impacted countless lives as she served as

a selfless pillar of strength to her students and coworkers.
Her life

and legacy are forever marked with generosity, wisdom, and a deep love

for others.
I am honored to remember her legacy here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
SUMMER L. LEE

Ms. LEE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome His

All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, Archbishop of

Constantinople-New Rome and spiritual leader of more than 300 million

Orthodox Christians worldwide, to Washington, D.C.

This week, His All-Holiness is visiting our Nation's Capital to

receive the Templeton Prize, the most prestigious international award

in religion and science.
With this honor, he joins the ranks of Mother

Teresa, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and the Dalai Lama.
The recognition

reflects not only his scholarship and spiritual leadership but his

unwavering witness for peace, human dignity, and care for creation.
For more than three decades as Ecumenical Patriarch, His All-Holiness

has been a global voice for reconciliation among peoples of different

faiths and traditions.
He has also been one of the first religious

leaders to insist that harming the environment is not simply a failure

of policy but a moral failing.
His leadership reminds us that

stewardship of our planet is inseparable from justice for our

communities.
His leadership has been honored across the world.
In 1997, he

received the Congressional Gold Medal here in the United States, and he

has been recognized internationally as one of the most influential

figures of our time.
Yet the true measure of his ministry lies not in

awards, but in his call for peace over division, compassion over

violence, and responsibility over indifference.
As he has said, ``We

have it in our power either to increase the hurt inflicted on our world

or to contribute toward its healing.
The choice is ours.''
His life's work reminds us that building a better world depends on

moral courage, the same courage we need to meet our own fights for

justice at home.
The people of Pennsylvania's 12th District, including the faithful of

the Presentation of Christ Greek Orthodox Church in East Pittsburgh and

St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral in Pittsburgh, are proud to share

in this welcome.
I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary

ministry of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and in congratulating him

on this well-deserved honor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE, HIS ALL-HOLINESS

BARTHOLOMEW'S 2025 VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES

HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend a warm welcome to the

Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople, His All-Holiness Bartholomew,

the spiritual leader and ``First Among Equals'' of more than 300

million Orthodox Christians worldwide.
During this historic visit to

the United States, His All-Holiness will receive the Templeton Prize--

the world's most prestigious award in Religion and Science.
Patriarch Bartholomew's efforts to promote religious freedom and

human rights and his initiatives to advance religious tolerance among

the world's religions, together with his work toward international

peace and environmental protection, have justly placed him at the

forefront of global visionaries as an apostle of love, peace, and

reconciliation.
We are privileged to host the longest-serving Archbishop of

Constantinople in history here in our Nation's Capital, as he meets

with the President, Secretary of State, and Congress.
His visit to the

United States serves as a testament to his unwavering commitment to

fostering mutual respect and religious tolerance on a global level.