Title: HONORING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
151

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome

Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to our Nation's Capital, and to honor

him for his contributions to the Greek Orthodox community in the Inland

Empire and beyond.
In 1940, All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was born on an

island called Imvros, which is located in modern-day Turkey.
He

completed his elementary and secondary education in both Imvros and

Istanbul.
For his undergraduate degree, he attended the historic

Theological School of Halki, and for his graduate studies, he attended

the Pontifical Oriental Institute of the Gregorian University in Rome,

the Ecumenical Institute in Bossey, and the University of Munich.
He

completed his doctoral dissertation on the topic of Canon Law.
In 1961, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was ordained to the

Diaconate, and in 1969, he was ordained to the Priesthood.
During this

time, he served as the Assistant Dean for the Theological School of

Halki, then as the Personal Secretary for the late Ecumenical Patriarch

Demetrios, before being elected as Metropolitan of Philadelphia and

subsequently Metropolitan of Chalcedon.
The Ecumenical Patriarch was elected in October 1991 as the 270th

Archbishop of the 2000-year-old Orthodox Church.
His office is a

historic title dating to the sixth century--Archbishop of

Constantinople-New Rome, and Ecumenical Patriarch.
At 85 years old, he

is the longest-serving Archbishop of Constantinople and leads more than

300 million congregation members nationwide.
I am proud that one of

those congregations, Saint Spyridon Greek Orthodox Church, is part of

my congressional district in Upland, California.
The Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew has used his influence to travel

to every continent, where he has taken an active role in the World

Council of Churches, addressed both the European Parliament and U.S.

Congress, met with heads of state, and visited Orthodox churches in

various countries.
He has advanced diplomatic relations between

Christianity, Islam, and Judaism internationally by co-sponsoring

international peace conferences centered on racism and extremism.
He

has also supported traditionally Orthodox countries emerging from

decades of wide-scale religious persecution, facilitated conversations

with Muslim and Jewish leaders to promote mutual respect and religious

tolerance, and has traveled to Muslim countries rarely visited by

Christian leaders.
The Ecumenical Patriarch is a champion for environmental advocacy,

introducing environmental issues in his sermons, which has earned him

the nickname the ``Green Patriarch.''
He has used his impact to found

several major conventions, including a global bishop assembly that has

met regularly since 1992, the inaugural Synaxis (assembly) of Orthodox

Primates, the Clergy-Laity Congress, and the World Youth Conference of

the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
The Ecumenical Patriarch has received many awards, including the

Congressional Gold Medal of the United States Congress in 1997, and has

numerous honorary doctorates from institutions worldwide, including

Georgetown University, Yale University, and several other international

institutions.
I warmly welcome Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew as he visits

Washington, D.C., following his acceptance of the Templeton Prize--

honoring those who have made significant contributions in the fields of

Religion and Science.
His service to our community and beyond is worthy

of the highest recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HALLIE COYNE

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Hallie Coyne

and her service and contributions to Virginia's 1st District and the

Nation.
Hallie joined my office in 2022 and quickly became one of the most

effective and recognized personal office defense staffers in the House.
As my National Security Advisor, Hallie has spearheaded numerous

legislative efforts that delivered tangible results to the constituents

of my district, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the country.