Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Hallie Coyne

and her service and contributions to Virginia's 1st District and the

Nation.
Hallie joined my office in 2022 and quickly became one of the most

effective and recognized personal office defense staffers in the House.
As my National Security Advisor, Hallie has spearheaded numerous

legislative efforts that delivered tangible results to the constituents

of my district, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the country.
Among

her many accomplishments, Hallie spearheaded efforts to bolster the

shipbuilding ecosystem in Virginia, strengthen commercial space launch

infrastructure, bridge the gap between new defense start-ups and the

Pentagon, and was a champion of defense technology and innovation.
Hallie has served as a mentor and leader for my legislative staff and

the entire office, sharing her expertise and experience with the rest

of my team.
Her counsel and guidance have shaped my staff into the most

effective and successful team on Capitol Hill.
I would like to thank Hallie for her many contributions and dedicated

service over the last three and a half years.
She is thorough, a true

team player, and a spark in my office that will be dearly missed.
Hallie has been an invaluable member of my team, and I wish her the

best of luck as she moves on to the next chapter of her professional

career.
Mr. Speaker, I thank you in joining me to recognize Hallie Coyne for

her service to Virginia's 1st District and the Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOSEFINA LOPEZ ON THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF CASA 0101 IN BOYLE

HEIGHTS

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Josefina Lopez, a

playwright, artistic director, and community leader.
The daughter of a bracero, Josefina Lopez immigrated to the United

States from Mexico at the age of 5.
Her family settled in Boyle

Heights, where Lopez grew up as an undocumented individual for 13 years

until she was granted amnesty.
Lopez's experience as a Mexican,

undocumented woman is what inspired her to write her acclaimed play

Real Women Have Curves.
The play, which was later adapted into a film, is based on Lopez's

lived experience juggling her family's expectations to work at their

sewing factory, her dream of pursuing an education in New York, and the

ever-present fear of immigration authorities entering their

communities.
Along with her other works, Lopez has had over 100

productions of her plays performed in the United States.
At the start of her writing career, Lopez was often the sole woman of

color in the room, inspiring her to create a path for Latinos like

herself to achieve success in the arts.
In 2000, Lopez founded CASA

0101 to, make this dream a reality by bringing theater and arts

programs to the community she grew up in.
For the last 25 years, the

organization has produced hundreds of plays, provided free arts classes

for young Angelenos, and supported the next generation of storytellers

and artists.
The impact of Lopez's work can be felt from Boyle Heights

to Broadway.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Josefina

Lopez.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
CYNTHIA LEE'S RETIREMENT FROM FEDERAL SERVICES

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Ms. Cynthia Lee

for her remarkable 44 years of federal service with the Department of

the Army.
Ms. Lee began her journey at Virginia State University where she

earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration.
She then went

on to pursue a Master of Science in Contract and Acquisition Management

from the Florida Institute of Technology, laying the academic

foundation for a career that would span more than 4 decades.
At the age of 18, Ms. Lee began her career as a student hire.