Patriarch Bartholomew's efforts to promote religious freedom and

human rights and his initiatives to advance religious tolerance among

the world's religions, together with his work toward international

peace and environmental protection, have justly placed him at the

forefront of global visionaries as an apostle of love, peace, and

reconciliation.
We are privileged to host the longest-serving Archbishop of

Constantinople in history here in our Nation's Capital, as he meets

with the President, Secretary of State, and Congress.
His visit to the

United States serves as a testament to his unwavering commitment to

fostering mutual respect and religious tolerance on a global level.
I look forward to the opportunity to welcome His All-Holiness and

express our collective gratitude for his continued leadership and

dedication to the cause of peace and religious liberty.
In the words of

His All-Holiness: ``If our age will be remembered, it may be for those

who dedicated themselves to the cause of peace.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS, ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, it is an extraordinary honor to

welcome His All-Holiness, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, to

Washington, D.C. We are grateful to receive not only the spiritual

leader of more than 300 million Orthodox Christians worldwide, but also

a man whose life and ministry have embodied courage, compassion, and an

unshakable commitment to peace and human dignity.
He was born Demetrios Arhondonis in 1940 on the island of Imvros in

Turkey--most inhabitants of Imvros were Greek until the 1960's, when

the Turkish government forced them to emigrate.
In 1970, the Turkish

government officially renamed Imvros to Gokceada.
Thus, Patriarch

Bartholomew's journey has been marked from its earliest days by faith

and perseverance in the face of religious persecution and nationalistic

intolerance.
Educated at the Theological School of Halki and later in

Rome, Munich, and Switzerland, he distinguished himself in the fields

of theology and canon law, becoming a respected scholar even before his

ordination.
In October 1991, he was elected the 270th Archbishop of

Constantinople-New Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch, assuming the role of

``first among equals'' in the ancient Patriarchate founded by the

Apostle Andrew.
Since that time, His All-Holiness has been ca]Ied many things: the

``Patriarch of Peace,'' the ``Green Patriarch,'' and, above all, a

bridge builder.
For more than three decades, he has labored under

extraordinary difficulties.
In a region where the Orthodox community

has suffered harassment and intimidation by Islamic extremists, he has

stood steadfast, not only defending the faithful, but offering

reconciliation to their adversaries.
He has endured hostility, threats,

and attempts to silence his office, yet his response has always been

guided by the Christian virtues of forgiveness, humility, and love.
His All-Holiness has taken that witness far beyond the walls of the

Patriarchate in Constantinople.
He has convened dialogues among

Christians, Muslims, and Jews, creating unprecedented opportunities for

mutual understanding in the Middle East, one of the world's most

divided regions, and beyond.
From Libya to Syria, from Egypt to

Azerbaijan, he has sought not confrontation, but instead ``a dialogue

of loving truth.''
Mr. Speaker, His All-Holiness is not only a voice of principle, but a

leader of action.
He presided over the historic Holy and Great Council

of the Orthodox Church in Crete in 2016, granted autocephaly to the

Church of Ukraine in 2019, and continues to strengthen unity within the

Orthodox world while opening channels of dialogue with the Catholic

Church and other Christian traditions.
His leadership is defined not by

power or coercion, but by example--the examples of service, sacrifice,

and fidelity to Christ's command to love our neighbor as ourselves.
As we welcome him, we are mindful that the challenges he faces are

immense.
Religious freedom is often denied to Orthodox Christians--and

under constraint in many of the lands they have inhabited for

centuries.
Christians and other minorities in many regions still face

persecution.