Richard's professional career has also been defined by his service to the community--in the halls of Connecticut's state government, where he worked with the Connecticut Department of Transportation for over 31 years.
His talented work and leadership skills were rewarded over the years with a series of promotions.
At the time of his retirement, he had risen to the position of Fleet Manager for the entire state of Connecticut, which is a huge responsibility, requiring tremendous logistical and organizational skills.
In November of 1973, when Richard joined the Muddy Brook Fire Department, one of three volunteer departments serving Woodstock and the surrounding community, he started on the training squad.
He has since remained a dutiful protector of his neighbors, serving 50 years in fire safety through many different capacities.
He has always been guided by a principle to contribute wherever he felt he was needed by the town.
Richard spent 45 of those years as an EMT.
Given his diligence, Richard was promoted several times within the Muddy Brook Fire Department.
His valuable contributions to the community were recognized and he achieved the rank of Captain by the early 1980s.
During his time as Captain, Richard committed himself to advancing fire safety in Woodstock and took on the role of Deputy Fire Marshal for the town in 1984.
In 1990, Richard was promoted to Deputy Chief of the Muddy Brook Fire Department.
Only two years later he was promoted again to Chief of the Department, a position he would hold until 1995.
It was not just his extensive experience and impressive ethic that prompted these promotions, but also his obvious leadership qualities.
Richard has always been willing to share his abundance of knowledge by mentoring and recruiting new members of the fire department.
Richard was appointed Fire Marshal by the Town of Woodstock in 1996, the position from which, after nearly another 30 years, he retires this month.
Richard has been essential in presenting fire safety and prevention techniques.
As Fire Marshal, he has been responsible for assisting all three Woodstock Fire Departments with fire suppression and hazardous materials activities.
Richard's impact has reached far beyond administering the basic duties of a Fire Marshal.
He has used his plentiful experience to create poster contests for children, scholarships, and more to help publicize and educate the public on Woodstock's fire safety activities.
During this time, Richard has also served as the Safety Officer for the Muddy Brook Fire Department, demonstrating how deeply he cares about protecting those within his community.