Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate a remarkable milestone: the 100th Anniversary Celebration of The Kiwanis Club in Santa Ana.
On October 20, 1920, a group of 77 leading citizens of Santa Ana organized the Kiwanis Club of Santa Ana as the seventh Kiwanis Club in California.
The Club Charter was issued on February 23, 1921.
In the 1920's and 1930's, the Club focused on supporting various youth and community organizations, including the YMCA and Boy Scouts of America.
Members of the Club worked on the coordinating committees for the development of the current Santa Ana College Campus and the YMCA building on Sycamore Street, as well as helped to build the Masonic temple on that same road.
In 1954, a focus on scholarships led to the Club's first award to a Santa Ana High School student for $500.
Due to the generosity of members, friends, and bequests, the Foundation scholarship fund has grown to over $1 million.
Scholarships today are awarded to continuing and transferring Santa Ana College students.
To date, the Club has awarded over $3.6 million in scholarships.
Notably, Kiwanis International eliminated gender as a qualification of membership in 1987.
The Kiwanis Club of Santa Ana welcomed its first female member shortly thereafter.
Santa Ana Kiwanians Doy Henley and Cliff Benson took a stand and advocated for the inclusion of women at the International Convention in 1979.
Since 2000, the club has focused on education and support for lowincome families and those with special needs.
The Club has evolved with the needs of the community and has developed into a group of concerned, motivated men and women from diverse ethnic and vocational backgrounds.
While many similar organizations within the Kiwanis Community and other similar organizations have disbanded, the Kiwanis Club of Santa Ana is still doing significant work in our community.
I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this wonderful milestone of a century of community service.