With the original seven colleges and schools in the arts and sciences, business, education, health and human services, engineering and technology, honors college, and the graduate school, Eastern Michigan University has produced numerous notable alumni over its storied history.
The university's more than 145,000 living alumni encompass several state governors including Michigan's 31st Governor Fred W. Green, State Supreme Court Chief Justices including Marilyn Jean Kelly and Marvin B. Rosenberry, U.S. Senators Royal Copeland and Charles E. Potter, numerous U.S. Representatives, and former U.S. Secretary of Transportation Rodney E. Slater.
The University Athletics Department has also produced several notable professional athletes in the National Football League, as well as National Basketball Association Hall of Fame player George Gervin.
Today, Eastern Michigan University's main campus sits in Ypsilanti, Michigan, with over 800 acres available to more than 13,000 students across the undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Since the 1970's, the university has offered courses in Jackson, Michigan, and has since expanded to seven satellite campuses as well as the recently added online course program.
Additionally, several programs have been added to the university including the Centers for Corporate Training, the World College, and doctoral programs in educational leadership, technology, and psychology.
Outside the classroom, the Eagles have found success in their three NCAA Division 2 national championships and 13 NAIA Division 1 national championships in baseball, men's cross country, men's swimming and diving, and men's indoor and outdoor track and field.
The Eagles now compete at the NCAA Division 1 FBS level of collegiate sports and have twice been NCAA Division 1 national runner up and have made four appearances in the NCAA Division 1 men's basketball tournament.
It is inspiring to see everything that Eastern Michigan University has accomplished over the past 175 years and the university's incredible growth is a testament to the quality education and broad opportunities it continues to provide to students.
I am eager to see all that the university accomplishes in the years to come.