Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Press Secretary, Taylor Deacon, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
This week, Taylor will depart my office for a new opportunity serving as Deputy Communications Director and Press Secretary in the Office.
Don Davis, and I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
A Michigan native, Taylor's Midwest work ethic shines through in everything she does.
From earning a Girl Scout Gold Award to graduating Magna Cum Laude from Elon University, her grit was as evident early in life as it is now on Capitol Hill.
As my Press Secretary, Taylor served as a trusted advisor and liaison to the media, using her sharp communications skills to articulate the accomplishments of our office and forge productive relationships with members of the press.
Taylor brought a combination of passion, zeal, and enthusiasm to whatever task she was assigned.
Her communications instincts, honed by work experience in the private and public sectors, are top notch, and I couldn't ask for a better companion to dash to an interview during a busy week.
Taylor Deacon has a rare combination of wit and patience that helps her maneuver whatever press landscape came her way.
An invaluable member of my team, Taylor brought humor to a job that can often feel heavy and remained unflappable in tough situations.
Her colleagues on the legislative team will always remember her skill at turning dry bill text into punchy press releases and consistently being game for a little wordplay on even the most arcane topics.
Taylor has explained the difference between official and political work enough in the past year to last a lifetime and still has a bright smile for everyone she encounters.
Her charm and grace--as well as her sarcasm--will be deeply missed by her colleagues.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her expertise and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that this expertise will continue to serve the Nation and the people of North Carolina's First Congressional District.
I wish Taylor all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for three years of faithful service to this Nation--and many more to come.