Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Robin S. Reed.
Robin was a giant in the Arizona business community: a trusted mentor, a visionary leader and a staunch advocate for minority entrepreneurs and community development.
From a young age, Robin's mother instilled in him and his four siblings the belief that life's obstacles were simply opportunities in disguise.
At age 11, Robin lent his voice to Franklin Armstrong in A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, portraying the first Black character in the Peanuts.
He embraced the opportunity with pride, recognizing the significance of breaking barriers and advocating for inclusivity.
Robin discovered the rewards of hard work early--he managed golf courses in Northern California before he graduated high school and became a licensed stockbroker by the age of 19.
He began his professional career in the financial sector--serving as a financial advisor at Charles Schwaab, stockbroker and detail shop owner.
His experiences as a young man cultivated a life-long desire to help business owners thrive.
An entrepreneur at heart, Robin started, acquired, operated, and sold several companies over his 40-year career.
But Robin is perhaps best known for his tireless work as President of the Black Chamber of Arizona, a position he held for nearly a decade.
Under his leadership, Robin tirelessly advocated for equitable access to the tools and education necessary for entrepreneurial empowerment, striving to eliminate barriers hindering economic growth Robin demonstrated an exceptional ability to navigate the complexities of the business world while remaining steadfast in his commitment to uplifting others.
Because of his work, entrepreneurs across the state have been equipped with the confidence and resources to achieve their highest aspirations.
Robin's generosity extended beyond his work with the Chamber.
He was a passionate supporter of Treasure House, an organization aimed at empowering young adults with disabilities, ensuring they found support and opportunities for independence within the community as they transitioned to adulthood.
He used his platform on the Social Television Network's Community Collaborative to highlight the actions of local businesses and leaders that promoted diversity, equity and inclusion.
His recent collaboration with Impact AZ--a statewide initiative aimed at bridging the racial wealth gap for Black and minority-owned businesses--underscores his lifelong mission to foster intergenerational prosperity and opportunity for all Arizonans.
We owe a debt of gratitude to Robin, who we lost at the age of 62 on February 28.
He is survived by his wife, Shawna, and beloved children.
Godspeed, Robin.