Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Matthew Hymel upon his retirement from the County of Marin after more than two decades of extraordinary public service.
Raised in Western Pennsylvania during the economic hardships of the late 1970s and early 1980s, Matthew has long been interested in how the government can shape public policy to support struggling communities.
In high school, his family moved to California, where Matthew obtained a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz.
After graduating in 1988, he attended John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, earning his master's degree in public policy.
Matthew returned to California and took a position at the Legislative Analyst's Office in Sacramento.
After six months, government-wide layoffs prompted Matthew to relocate to the Bay Area, where he worked as a budget analyst for the city manager of Oakland and then for the controller's office in San Francisco.
In 1997, newly elected Mayor Willie Brown was impressed by Matthew's budget development work and hired him as his budget director.
Matthew worked his way up through the City and County of San Francisco to the role of Chief Assistant Controller, before joining Marin County in 2002 as Chief Assistant to County Administrator Mark Riesenfeld.
In 2005, the Board of Supervisors chose Matthew as his successor and at the young age of 38, Matthew assumed the role of Marin County Administrator, a role he has held for almost two decades As Marin County Administrator, Matthew successfully managed a multimillion-dollar annual budget, supervised administrative work for the county's 2,000 employees, and provided the board of supervisors with timely research and recommendations.
He led with intelligence and stability during the economic challenges of the 2008 through 2010 recession, pension obligations, and the COVID-19 pandemic.
He worked closely with other agencies, nonprofits, healthcare providers, and the Marin County Office of Education to establish a cohesive approach to minimizing the pandemic's impact on the community.
Upon his retirement, Matthew leaves the county with a strong fiscal position and administrative plan focused on integrating crossdepartmental initiatives that address racial equity, capital improvements, behavioral health, affordable housing, and homelessness.
Beyond his outstanding budget management, Matthew is known by his colleagues and the Marin County Board of Supervisors for his collaborative work style and humble demeanor.
He is an exemplary public servant.