Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize 
Mr. James Miller and to thank him for his long and exemplary career serving our constituents and servicemen.
Jim's service to our troops began four decades ago while he was pursuing his second Master's Degree at Florida State University, after earning his first from Slippery Rock University.
While pursuing his educational goals, he interned with the Mental Hygiene Clinic at the Erie County, Pennsylvania Veteran Affairs Hospital.
This would prove to be a formative experience for Jim who, upon graduation in 1989, took a job at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
During his time at Fort Campbell, Jim served in a variety of roles including the Chief of Community Mental Health and the Chief.
In these roles, Jim assumed responsibility for the well-being of countless troops and their family members.
He flourished in Kentucky, but when Americans were called to serve during Operation Desert Storm, Jim followed the 101st Airborne-- the mighty Screaming Eagles--across the waves as the division's social work officer.
While deployed, he went above and beyond, providing counseling services to the troops and even establishing a mental health clinic similar to the one in which he had once worked in.
Jim stayed with the 101st until 1993, afterward continuing his service at various installations across the nation.
Though his capacity differed at each station, the quality of service he delivered never diminished.
His nine-year journey concluded in 2002 when he settled in with the North Country's own 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum.
During the height of the global War on Terror, Jim provided the Division with the same essential, high-quality care that had defined his time with the 101st years prior.
After serving during Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, he returned to his roots at the very same Erie VA Hospital where his career had started.
Eventually, Jim would return to the North Country, first as the chief with Fort Drum's Soldier Recovery Program.
After a long career tending to our warfighters in their hours of need, Jim is ready for one last transition: on March 14th, he celebrated a richly deserved retirement after a lifetime of service.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, it is my distinct honor to thank him for all he has done in service of the North Country, the 10th Mountain Division, and our Country.