Title: CELEBRATING 120 YEARS OF THE IRIS NETWORK; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
136

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 120 YEARS OF THE IRIS NETWORK

HON.
CHELLIE PINGREE

Ms. PINGREE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

organization in my state that has been providing essential services and

advocacy for individuals with vision impairment and blindness for 120

years.
The Iris Network is one of Maine's oldest and most respected

nonprofit agencies, known for its

steadfast commitment to accessibility, independence, and empowerment.
Founded in 1905 as the Maine Institution for the Blind, with the

support of Helen Keller, the organization initially focused on teaching

trades to help blind and visually impaired individuals enter the

workforce.
Over time, its mission has evolved to offer comprehensive

training programs that meet people where they are--equipping them with

the skills and confidence to live independently.
These programs cover a

wide range of daily life skills, from kitchen safety to technology use.
The Iris Network offers services at its Portland facility and travels

throughout the state to support individuals in their homes.
Further,

they offer holistic guidance to assist organizations businesses, and

employers in making their environments welcoming and equitable.
Their

dedication to accessibility can be found in every aspect of their work.
In addition to its training programs, The Iris Network operates a

thriving residential community.
In 2006, they opened Iris Park

Apartments, a Level I assisted living facility that now serves over

thirty residents.
Iris Park offers a safe, supportive, and empowering

environment where technology is thoughtfully integrated, appliances are

adapted with sensory guides, and community-building activities--like

braille bingo--foster connection and independence.
The Iris Network exemplifies the positive impact that comes from

uplifting others.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to The Iris Network

for 120 years of dedicated service and for improving the lives of

countless Mainers.
Their leadership, compassion, and unwavering

commitment to accessibility deserve our deepest admiration and

commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DIVJOT WARAICH AND AMANJOT SIDHU ON THEIR RECENT MARRIAGE

HON.
JANELLE S. BYNUM

Ms. BYNUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the recent marriage

of Divjot Waraich and Amanjot Sidhu.
Divjot, the son of Sarabjeet and

Ravinder, and Amanjot, the

daughter of Inderjit and Rupinder, cemented their bond on August 1,

2025.
I rise to wish them both a lifetime of love, joy, and success

together.
I am so excited to see what the future brings the two of

them.
I congratulate Divjot and Amanjot.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MARY JANE COURTRIGHT

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary constituent from my district, Mrs. Mary Jane Courtright.
Born on August 7, 1925, Jane exemplifies a century of steadfast

dedication to education, family, and community service.
Her 100 years

others.
Jane's commitment to education was evident early on.
She graduated

first in her class from Camden Catholic High School and was awarded a

full scholarship to Georgian Court College.
There, she earned a

bachelor of science in chemistry in 1946 while also serving as senior

class vice president, in addition to participating in a plethora of

other clubs and student activities.
She went on to earn two master's

degrees, one in science education and another in chemistry.
For over 25 years, Jane taught chemistry at Council Rock High School.
As the only female educator in the school's science department at the

start of her career, she pioneered the implementation of the AP

chemistry program--a program that continues to flourish today.
In 1950, Jane married Joseph Albert Courtright and supported his

service in the U.S. Navy, living in Philadelphia, Pearl Harbor, and

Port Hueneme before settling in Warminster, Pennsylvania.