Under the guidance of Rabbi Eric

Cohen, dedicated officers, staff, and volunteers, the congregation has

embraced this modern space.
From its Nursery and Hebrew Schools to

adult education and dedicated interfaith outreach and charitable

engagements, the FJCC stands today at the head of Jewish life in

Hunterdon County, and reaches members from Trenton to Princeton, and

from Annandale to Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
As the earliest members hoped a century ago, the FJCC today is far

more than a synagogue--it is a true community center.
It provides a

welcoming atmosphere for families on Friday evenings, Torah discussion

on Saturdays, and learning opportunities for youth and adults alike.
It

brings together individuals of all backgrounds, reflecting the

pluralism and mutual respect that are hallmarks of both American

democracy and Jewish tradition.
May it continue to be a sanctuary where

tradition thrives, learning flourishes, and community guides

generations to come.
On this 100th anniversary, I extend my heartfelt

congratulations to the Flemington Jewish Community Center.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LEONARDO ``FLACO'' JIMENEZ

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Leonardo

``Flaco'' Jimenez who passed away on Thursday, July 31, 2025.
A pioneer

of Conjunto music, his music powerfully defined the arts.
He brought

generations together through his one-of-a kind talent.
He is survived

by his wife, Adela, his eight children, and his brother, Santiago

Jimenez, Jr.

A San Antonio native, Mr. Jimenez was born into a family of

musicians.
He was the grandson and son of trailblazing accordionists

who encouraged ``Flaco'' to pursue music.
He played with his father's

band as a child, launching a career that spanned more than seven

decades.
As ``Flaco'' began to master the accordion, he soon packed Texas'

dance halls at a young age.
His performances captivated audiences and

spread throughout the country.
His incredible talent led to

collaborations with notable musicians who dominated the air waves.
These collaborations exposed regions across the country and world to

the Conjunto sound.
``Flaco'' was an international ambassador of Conjunto music, and by

extension, Mexican-American culture.
Everywhere he performed, the

rhythm from his accordion did more than move the crowd.
It exposed

people to the Mexican-American ethos.
The shared stories of hope, love,

perseverance and triumph touched and shaped the soundtrack of American

life.
The power in ``Flaco's'' music forged a legacy defined by success,

With albums such as eAy Te Dejo en San Antonio y Mas!,
and hits like

``Margarita, Margarita'' and ``(Hey Baby) Que Paso,'' he received many

prestigious accolades.
``Flaco'' became a 6-time Grammy Award Winning

artist and received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2015.
His

album, Partners, was inducted into the National Recording Registry at

the Library of Congress in 2021.
He also received various hall of fame

inductions and lifetime awards.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to celebrate the life and legacy of a

Conjunto and Tejano music icon who will long be remembered in my

hometown, across the State of Texas, and around the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF VILLAREAL JOHNSON, SR.
HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Villareal

Johnson, Sr.
Villareal was a District of Columbia native, military

veteran and dedicated civil servant.
He passed on July 7, 2025, in the

District of Columbia.
From a young age, Villareal had an interest in military service and

saw himself fighting for what was right.
Villareal followed his

interests and joined the military, where he served in Vietnam and

Operation Desert Storm.
In 2013, Villareal retired from military

service with the Sergeant First Class rank, after serving in the Army,

Army Reserves, and D.C. National Guard, as Military Police.