From a young age, Villareal had an interest in military service and

saw himself fighting for what was right.
Villareal followed his

interests and joined the military, where he served in Vietnam and

Operation Desert Storm.
In 2013, Villareal retired from military

service with the Sergeant First Class rank, after serving in the Army,

Army Reserves, and D.C. National Guard, as Military Police.
After his

retirement from military service, Villareal, like his father, began a

career in the civil service, working as an investigator for the Child

Support Division of Office of the D.C. Attorney General.
Villareal's dedication to service extended beyond his work.
In his

spare time, he tirelessly served his community as Boy Scout troop

leader for Minnesota Ave.
Troop No.
1202, where he shared his passions

for the outdoors with his scouts and taught boys wilderness survivals

skills.
In addition to his passion for the outdoors, Villareal was also

passionate about do-it-yourself projects and the arts, as he was an

artist, poet and writer.
Villareal's selflessness and dedication to both D.C. and our Nation

should be recognized.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of

Representatives to join me in honoring the incredible life and legacy

of Villareal Johnson, Sr.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EVERGREEN FIRE/RESCUE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Evergreen Fire/

Rescue for receiving the Mission Lifeline Emergency Medical Service

Gold Award from the American Heart Association for a third consecutive

year.
This prestigious award recognizes agencies with an outstanding

ability to quickly recognize a heart attack or stroke and provide high-

quality care.
In these high-pressure cardiac situations, timely care

from an EMS team can be the difference between life and death.
Since 2014, Evergreen Fire/Rescue (EFR) has been honored with this

award four times.
EFR Chief Dave Montesi attributes the team's success

to their experienced paramedics, most of whom have more than 20 years

of experience in the field.
Evergreen's rural geography presents unique

challenges in emergency situations, as the local hospital is located

miles away from most residents.
EFR's quick responses consistently make

a real difference when other help isn't always readily available, and

we are grateful for their lifesaving service to our community.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Evergreen Fire/Rescue on their 3rd

consecutive Mission Lifeline EMS Gold Award.
We thank them for the

exceptional care they provide to the people of Evergreen and the

countless lives they have saved.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FIRST AFRICAN BAPTIST CHURCH'S 185TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend

heartfelt congratulations to the congregation of First African Baptist

Church in Columbus, Georgia, as they celebrate a remarkable 185 years

of faith and community.
This great occasion will be marked by a

celebration at the church on Sunday, August 10, 2025, at the church in

Columbus.
Founded in 1840 by enslaved individuals in the antebellum South,

First African Baptist Church began in a building located at the corner

of Third Avenue and Twelfth Street, just a few blocks from the

Chattahoochee River.
This sanctuary was previously used by First

Baptist Church, which was established in 1829 as Columbus's first

church.
Although founded by enslaved people, First African Baptist Church was

initially pastored by white ministers during its first twenty-two

years.
Demonstrating a spirit of love and acceptance for all,

regardless of race, the church welcomed anyone in Columbus seeking to

worship.
By 1858, the church had baptized 731 members--390 white and

341 black.
Throughout its history, the church relocated three times to

accommodate a growing congregation alongside the development of

Columbus.
Its second location was a frame building at the corner of St.

Clair and Front Streets, now known as Eleventh and Front.