For over 25 years, Jane taught chemistry at Council Rock High School.
As the only female educator in the school's science department at the

start of her career, she pioneered the implementation of the AP

chemistry program--a program that continues to flourish today.
In 1950, Jane married Joseph Albert Courtright and supported his

service in the U.S. Navy, living in Philadelphia, Pearl Harbor, and

Port Hueneme before settling in Warminster, Pennsylvania.
After her

husband's passing in 1958 while in the service of his country, Jane

raised their five children with unwavering devotion and grace.
Her

strength and love built a family that now spans seven grandchildren and

ten great-grandchildren.
Beyond her roles as an educator and a mother, Jane served as the

President of the Federated Women's Club of Warminster.
Notably, she

spearheaded a community initiative to create a lending library.
By

placing collection cartons in local grocery stores for donated books,

Jane amassed an extensive collection of literature.
Jane's initiative

eventually grew into the Warminster Township Free Library, which today

boasts over 100,000 volumes of literary works.
Jane served as both

president and treasurer of the Founding Library Board of Directors,

volunteering for 54 years.
Jane actively practiced her faith as a parishioner and volunteer at

Nativity of Our Lord Catholic Church in Warminster.
In her service to

the parish, Jane saw a need and organized Nativity's program to provide

religious instruction for public school students.
She served as

principal of the new CCD program for several years and continued as a

volunteer instructor for many more.
Now, as she approaches age 100, Jane remains an extraordinary force--

focusing on her personal fitness with her trainer Sabrina Willard, who

helped in her recovery from cancer and with whom she has now worked for

the past 24 years.
As we celebrate Jane's 100th birthday, we honor her enduring

dedication to Bucks County as an educator, community servant, loving

mother, and an inspiring woman of remarkable strength and character.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 70 YEARS OF THE LAND OF MAKE BELIEVE

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and celebrate the

Land of Make Believe, an amusement park that has been an important

landmark of the Hope Township, New Jersey community, for over seven

decades.
Since its founding in 1954 by Herman Maier, the park has

remained family-owned and operated, with the Maier family upholding the

same high standards of excellence and service that have defined it from

the beginning.
Today, Christopher Maier, Herman's son and the park's

current owner, attributes its enduring success to a commitment to

affordability, safety, and family-centered fun.
As we mark the park's

71st anniversary, I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring this

beloved institution and its legacy.
I look forward to seeing it

continue to bring joy to generations of families for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DWIGHT PENLAND

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lifelong service

of Commissioner Dwight Penland of Clay County.
Mr. Penland is the

longest-serving commissioner in Clay County history, with a tenure of

nineteen years.
Before his time on the Board of Commissioners, Mr.

Penland served eight years on the Clay County Board of Education.
In

total, Commissioner Penland has spent 27 years at the helm of local

public policy in Clay County, serving as a voice of reason and

unyielding advocate for his community.
Mr. Penland grew up in Bell Creek, a community in Clay County.
The

youngest of five sons to father JD Penland and mother Hazel Penland,

Mr. Penland graduated from Hayesville High School in 1978, where he

volunteered as the middle school girls' basketball coach.
Even at a

young age, Mr. Penland's passion and commitment to serving the children

of Clay County is evident.