Mr. Penland grew up in Bell Creek, a community in Clay County.
The

youngest of five sons to father JD Penland and mother Hazel Penland,

Mr. Penland graduated from Hayesville High School in 1978, where he

volunteered as the middle school girls' basketball coach.
Even at a

young age, Mr. Penland's passion and commitment to serving the children

of Clay County is evident.
He went on to become a successful local

businessowner in Hayesville, where he served the needs of his customers

and helped grow the Clay County economy.
Commissioner Penland and his

wonderful wife, Leonia ``Sissy'' Penland, have two grown children,

Jarrod and Jadrian.
Clay County has achieved remarkable milestones under Commissioner

Penland's leadership, including the construction of a new courthouse,

public health department, Department of Social Services, and Department

of Transportation facility to enhance government administration.
Additionally, Commissioner Penland oversaw the construction of a new

sheriff's office, detention center, Emergency Medical Services

building, 911 call center, recreation center, primary school, and

Veterans Park to ensure the health, safety, and wellbeing of Clay

County residents.
On behalf of the people of Clay County and Western North Carolina, I

thank Commissioner Penland for his lifelong service to our wonderful

home and our deserving people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE FLEMINGTON JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER ON THEIR 100TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Flemington Jewish

Community Center (FJCC), which is marking the celebration of its 100th

anniversary as a cherished spiritual and cultural home in Hunterdon

County, New Jersey.
Since its founding, the FJCC has exemplified the

spirit of community, service, and faith: principles that have guided it

to its position as a flourishing center of Jewish life and learning.
The history of the FJCC stretches back to the early decades of the

twentieth century, when a wave of Jewish farmers, inspired by the

promise of opportunity and liberty from oppression, found their way to

Hunterdon County.
1922 marks the founding of the Hebrew Citizens

Congregation of Hunterdon County, the brief precursor to today's

Flemington Jewish Community Center.
The FJCC's earliest permanent home was a small house on Park Avenue

in Flemington, which was remodeled to suit the religious and cultural

needs of its growing membership.
During these formative years, the

congregation's devotion to community and Jewish life was evident not

only in weekly services and holiday observances, but also in robust

cultural activities.
Furthermore, as the world plunged into the Second

World War, the Center turned its attention outward, raising funds for

defense bonds and organizing to support displaced Jewish populations

worldwide.
The congregation's compassion, resourcefulness, and

generosity established the Center as a moral beacon in Flemington and

beyond.
In the post-war period, the FJCC renewed efforts to build a larger

and more modern facility--a vision realized through a new synagogue on

East Main Street, which was dedicated in 1948.
Under the steady

guidance of religious leaders like Rabbi Maurice Idell, and later Rabbi

Evan Jaffe, the FJCC's mission expanded even further.
Hebrew classes, a

Ladies' Auxiliary, youth activities, and vibrant cultural programs

created a profound strength of community.
As the congregation continued to thrive, it outgrew its Main Street

home and, in 2006, celebrated the completion of a new 23,000-square-

foot facility in Raritan Township.
Under the guidance of Rabbi Eric

Cohen, dedicated officers, staff, and volunteers, the congregation has

embraced this modern space.
From its Nursery and Hebrew Schools to

adult education and dedicated interfaith outreach and charitable

engagements, the FJCC stands today at the head of Jewish life in

Hunterdon County, and reaches members from Trenton to Princeton, and

from Annandale to Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
As the earliest members hoped a century ago, the FJCC today is far

more than a synagogue--it is a true community center.