By 1858, the church had baptized 731 members--390 white and

341 black.
Throughout its history, the church relocated three times to

accommodate a growing congregation alongside the development of

Columbus.
Its second location was a frame building at the corner of St.

Clair and Front Streets, now known as Eleventh and Front.
In 1881, the

Georgia General Assembly granted land at Eleventh Street and Sixth

Avenue, leading to the church's renaming as Six Avenue Baptist Church.
This site is now occupied by Golden Foundry and Machine Company.
The current church home, located at the corner of Fifth Avenue and

Ninth Street, was established in 1915, at which time the church adopted

its name, First African Baptist Church.
Today, as we celebrate its

185th Anniversary, the legacy of this congregation stands as a

testament to its resilience and commitment to faith.
Over the years,

the church has undergone several renovations, reflecting its evolving

mission.
Under the leadership of Reverend Roderick B. Green and his

dynamic wife and First Lady, Lynn Hall-Green, First African Baptist

Church continues to grow, driven by a vision of holistic transformation

and continual improvement in Christ.
The scripture tells us in Matthew 16:18 that Jesus said, ``Upon this

rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail

against it.''
The story of First African Baptist Church, which began with a small

group of devoted worshipers 185 years ago, is truly inspiring.
It

embodies the dedication and perseverance of a congregation that has put

its love and trust in the Lord through both joyful and challenging

times.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring First

African Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia, for its rich history of

faith, unity, and service to the community, as they continue to come

together to worship our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NEW TERRAIN BREWING COMPANY

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize New Terrain

Brewing Company of Golden, Colorado, for winning a Gold Medal from the

World Beer Cup, designating their Suntrip brew as a world-class beer.
The World Beer Cup, otherwise known as the ``Olympics of Beer,''

evaluates beers from around the world and recognizes the top brewers

and their beers.
Founded in 2016, the New Terrain Brewing Company has

strived to be a socially responsible company, contributing to a variety

of volunteering and community fundraising efforts.
Small businesses like New Terrain Brewing Company help drive Golden's

local economy and the economy of our state.
For both natives and

members of Golden's thriving tourism industry, New Terrain Brewing

Company provides excellent service and beers, contributing to

Colorado's leadership in producing outstanding craft brews.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate New Terrain Brewing Company for this

award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF LAKEWOOD

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of

Lakewood, Colorado, for its induction into the All-America City Hall of

Fame for its Sustainable Neighborhoods Program.
Lakewood's Sustainable Neighborhoods program has brought residents

together to promote water conservation, address food access issues, and

reduce waste and neighborhood emissions.
This program has served as a

model for neighborhoods nationwide, empowering residents and their

communities to adopt more sustainable lifestyles and reduce their

ecological footprint.
The All-America City award from the National Civic League recognizes

outstanding communities that leverage civic engagement, collaboration,

inclusiveness, and innovation to address local issues.
It is because of

the collective efforts of communities like the City of Lakewood that we

can hope for a greener future.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to thank the City of Lakewood for its hard work and

dedication to sustainability in our community.