The Prime Minister routinely states his unwavering support for Ukraine, yet as a result of UK Government inaction, British businesses continue to bankroll Putin’s brutal war on a colossal scale.
Since the beginning of Russia’s full-scale invasion in 2022, a whopping £205 billion of Russian fossil fuel exports have been shipped by our own UK-based maritime companies or by ships with our own UK-issued insurance.
Astonishingly, one company, Seapeak, has carried almost a quarter of Russia’s liquefied natural gas exports.
Can the Secretary of State give us an update on what the Government are doing, and deal with this immediately?
I am concerned by the figures the hon.
Gentleman raises; if he writes to me, I will look into that immediately.
We have taken extensive action to sanction not just individuals, but the shadow fleet, as it is described, transporting Russian fossil fuels, and are willing to take any action necessary.
Yesterday, the Dad Shift campaign organised hundreds of dads to come to Parliament to campaign for better paternity leave.
Does the Secretary of State agree that better paternity leave can give dads more security to spend more time with their babies, support the development of children and help gender balance in the workplace?
Will he tell the House whether the issue will be covered in the upcoming parental leave review?
I am sorry that I was not able to meet the Dad Shift campaigners yesterday, although I have met them previously.
I can assure them and the  House that the Government are committed to ensuring that parents receive the best possible support to balance their work and home lives, and we recognise that parental leave and pay entitlements play a key role in that.
We know that the leave system needs improving, which is why we are committed to conducting a review, which will look at paternity leave and pay and the length of leave available to fathers and partners.
More detail on the review will be set out before the summer recess.
The chief executive of UKHospitality estimates that there will be an extra £1 billion of costs on employers for new workers—774,000 of them—coming in to the national insurance contributions regime, on top of £2.4 billion in other costs.
If, by the next Budget, it turns out that the previous Budget is crushing the hospitality sector, will the Government consider tax reliefs in order to power our hospitality industry?
The hon.
Gentleman knows the Government, and the Treasury in particular, monitor the impact of all taxation.
I have to be frank with colleagues: I have no idea what the Conservatives are trying to tell us today.
They seem to want more spending and lower taxes—it seems like Liz Truss is still hanging around the party, to be honest.
I have to ask Members on the Opposition Benches: what is your policy towards national insurance?