I recently met a load of entrepreneurs and small businesses in Mid Leicestershire who all have the same concern about the low VAT registration threshold of just £90,000.
That is stifling their growth, because it adds a lot of bureaucracy and cost.
What representations will the Minister make to the Chancellor to ensure that those small businesses can flourish?
The hon.
Gentleman will not be surprised to know that we receive representations on the VAT threshold from a number of small businesses, and we ensure that they are heard by Treasury colleagues.
He will recognise that VAT raises a significant sum of money for the public finances, and given the mess that we inherited, we had to take some difficult decisions about those public finances to protect funding for hospitals in his constituency, and indeed other public services across the country.
Recently imposed general product safety regulations have added yet another layer of cost and complexity to exports to the European Union.
That is particularly hitting entrepreneurs and microbusinesses, many of which have had to end exports to their EU customers.
Did the Department have any discussions with its EU counterparts during recent trade negotiations about exempting small and microbusinesses from those rules?
If not, is it doing any work to support small businesses in particular, which have had to end exports to EU customers because of the new regulations?
We have been talking to businesses about what they can do in the light of the new regulations, and we are in the process of improving significantly the range of support available to businesses online.
The Secretary of State recently set out our plans for a new business growth service, which will significantly improve the speed and quality of advice that businesses can get from the Government.
What steps he is taking to help reduce employment costs for employers.
What steps he is taking to help reduce employment costs for employers.
The Employment Rights Bill is the next phase of delivering our plan to make work pay.
The Bill is both pro-worker and pro-business, and will see significant benefits for employers.
For example, increased worker wellbeing could be worth billions of pounds a year.
The Bill will also reduce workplace conflict, which, according to a report published by ACAS in 2021, costs employers around £30 billion a year.
The Bill will level the playing field so that those employers who are engaged in good business practice are not forced into a race to the bottom.
Yesterday, Scotbeef announced the closure of its abattoir in Inverurie in my Gordon and Buchan constituency, with 90 job losses and another blow to agriculture in north-east Scotland.
It blamed rising costs.
In April the increase to national insurance contributions came in—a huge tax rise on businesses—and the Office for Budget Responsibility has shown that 109,000 jobs were lost in May, which was the highest monthly figure in five years.
It cannot be a coincidence that that happened the month after the NICs increase.
How is the Minister’s Department supporting businesses and jobs in sectors such as agriculture, which are having to deal with huge cost increases because of his Government’s decisions?
I am very sorry to hear the news from the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
It is the case that 667,000 more people are in work compared with this time last year, and 300,000 fewer people are economically inactive.
I am rather surprised that she mentions the national insurance hike, because the Leader of the Opposition was on the radio this morning and was repeatedly asked to confirm whether that hike would be reversed.
She failed to do so, and it seems to me that the Opposition are in opposition to themselves.