The Liberal Democrats have long called for a closer trading relationship with Europe after the disastrous negotiations by the previous Conservative Government.
We welcomed last month’s new trade agreement, including an agrifood deal establishing a UK-EU sanitary and phytosanitary zone.
The EU is our largest agrifood market, but since Brexit exports are down by 21% and imports are down by 7%.
The introduction of an SPS agreement will provide welcome relief to many businesses by reducing costs through the removal of border checks and reducing many certificate requirements, such as for export health certificates.
However, businesses and producers cannot plan without clarity, so will the Minister set out a timeline on when we can expect the SPS deal to be implemented?
I sympathise with a lot of what the hon.
Lady has said.
She is right to recognise that post Brexit we have broadly overperformed in services, relative to expectations, but significantly underperformed in terms of goods exports.
That was in no small measure because a number of food and agriculture producers were buried in red tape and new paperwork.
That is exactly why, as she suggests, the SPS deal is critical.
Again, I welcome the fact that, for the second time today, we are being challenged to go further and faster on deals that we have delivered.
I can assure her that, as I have said in relation to the United States, we take seriously our responsibilities on the implementation of SPS, but that places responsibilities on the British Government and, in this case, on the European Commission.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-India free trade agreement on the economy.
What assessment has he made of the potential impact of the UK-India free trade agreement on the economy.
This trade agreement is a huge economic win for the UK—the biggest trade deal since Brexit and the best deal that India has ever offered.
As we have heard, it is estimated to increase bilateral trade by £25.5 billion, UK GDP by £4.8 billion and wages by £2.2 billion each year in the long run.
It will mean new opportunities for businesses in every part of the United Kingdom.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am having some import-export issues myself, as my first book, a provocative and racy thriller, is being published in India in July.
What’s it called?
It is called “30th State”.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State and former colleagues on this deal, which is great for whisky distilleries such as Lochlea in my constituency.
When I was trade commissioner, Conservative Ministers were clamouring for a trade deal with India.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House how he has managed to do it one year after they failed miserably?
I am extremely grateful for that question.
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend’s considerable expertise and service to this country through his commendable work as trade commissioner.
I hope that he will advise us all on how to get a copy of his book—perhaps a copy could be placed in the Library.
He is right to say that this is a great deal for every part of the UK.
It is particularly strong for Scotland, given the iconic reduction in the tariff on Scotch whisky for the Lochlea distillery, and it is strong on Scottish salmon and services.
These deals come down to a lot of work not just from the ministerial team but from the whole departmental team.
I pay tribute to them and my officials for all their important work in this matter.
Last week I had the privilege of visiting A&M Pure Precision, a long-established local firm in my Smethwick constituency that specialises in designing, developing, testing and machining complex precision components in a range of materials for sectors including aerospace, automotive, motorsport, space and unmanned aerial vehicle engine systems.
Given the importance of advanced manufacturing to the local economy, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of how the UK-India free trade agreement—and indeed other agreements—could create new opportunity for such firms and support wider economic growth in the west midlands?
What a privilege it must be for my hon.
Friend to represent a constituency with so many essential businesses doing such brilliant work for this country.
On advanced manufacturing, he is right to say that a set of advantageous positions has been agreed, putting this country at a genuine competitive advantage, particularly in relation to sectors such as automotive and machinery, which I would expect his constituency to benefit from.
India is traditionally a very protectionist economy, and it is the world’s fastest growing big economy.
Whether it is for goods or services, A&M Pure Precision or the west midlands as a whole, there is so much good stuff here to celebrate.