Before ratification?
Yes.
In 1993, my constituents Liz and Steve Fitzgerald tragically lost their daughter Claire and 11 other pupils in a school minibus accident.
Together, we have been campaigning to make school minibus travel safer.
The NASUWT union found that many teachers are still being pressured to drive school minibuses without the appropriate training, because of a licence exemption for schools.
That exemption does not exist for private schools.
Will the Leader of the House find time for the House to discuss the issue of school minibus safety?
I am really sorry to hear of the case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She is absolutely right to raise that here and with others.
It sounds like a good topic for a debate, because I am sure we would all want to know that our children were safe on school transport.
When the Bank of Scotland branch closes later this year in Pitlochry, the town will desperately need a banking hub.
That is why I was disappointed that the independent assessor and Link assessed only access to cash, not access to banking.
I challenged Link on that, and it said that that is because of the mandate set for it by the Financial Conduct Authority; so I challenged the FCA on that, and it said that that is because of the regulatory framework in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023; so I challenged the Treasury on that and asked it to change its regulatory framework and imposition on the FCA.
The Treasury said it will not do that.
In opposition, Labour tabled an amendment to the Financial Services and Markets Bill that would have mandated a survey of access to banking services, not just access to cash.
Can we have a debate in Government time about how we fix this utter guddle?
We have just had the debate!
Yes, we have just had a good debate on it!
This issue comes up often—it has already come up today.
We have banking hub deserts in Scotland and the rest of the UK.
We are committed to addressing that with the opening of banking hubs.
We will, I am sure, have ample opportunity as various pieces of legislation pass through the House to discuss any changes to regulations, but I will ensure the hon.
Gentleman gets a proper response about those regulations.
First, as co-chair of the India all-party parliamentary group, may I express my condolences to the families affected both in this country and in India?
I cannot imagine what they are going through, and I thank the Leader of the House for offering her support and the support of this Government.
Every single year, the horse fair comes to Mountsorrel and my constituency.
I have no doubt that the vast majority come to enjoy it, but there are always reports of antisocial behaviour, harassment and businesses and homes being damaged.
It is unacceptable, and that antisocial behaviour is incredibly damaging.
I call on everyone who comes this year to do so in a way that is enjoyable but peaceful.
Will the Leader of the House set out what this Government are doing to address crime and antisocial behaviour in my community?
I join my hon.
Friend in hoping that everybody who goes to the horse fair in his constituency does so for the right reasons and because they want to celebrate that event, rather than to cause criminality or antisocial behaviour—I am sure we all recognise that.
We want to take steps to clamp down on antisocial behaviour and give the police more powers to do that, and that is what our Crime and Policing Bill will do.
I hope that everything passes off well for his constituents.
The Leader of the House will be aware that Queen’s hospital in Romford, which serves the boroughs of Havering, Barking and  Dagenham and of Redbridge, is in urgent need of an A&E upgrade.
Indeed, I met the Minister for Secondary Care only this week to discuss it.
May we have an urgent statement from the Government on this issue?
The situation has led to many patients being left on trolleys for more than 24 hours.
The hospital serves 800,000 people in that radius, and that is simply not acceptable.
Please can some of the money from the statement yesterday be spent in Romford on a hospital that serves local people?
It is good to hear the hon.
Gentleman supporting our spending review measures yesterday and the increased funding that we are providing to the NHS in both capital and revenue.
That is to tackle the issues that he describes: the chronic underfunding of our A&E over many years, and the unacceptable delays that many people face in accident and emergency departments around the country—my husband works in one, so I am well aware of the issues.
I look forward to the hon.
Gentleman voting with us when we implement the spending review.
There will be a statement shortly on how that money is being allocated.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House when we are likely to see the public authority accountability Bill, which will introduce the Hillsborough law on duty of candour?
Are we likely to see it before the summer recess, and can we have an assurance that it is not being watered down at the request of mandarins in the Cabinet Office?
As I have said, the Government remain very much focused on fulfilling our commitment to the Hillsborough families—and indeed to many other families affected by injustices and scandals—and to bringing forward and enacting a Hillsborough law, which of course includes a duty of candour.
Most importantly, we need to ensure that we get the legislation right, and that it reflects the full range of concerns and experiences and meets the expectations of the families.
We are working on the Bill at pace, but we will take whatever time is necessary to work collaboratively and get the legislation right.
Transferring from legacy benefits to universal credit seems to be overly complicated, and makes it difficult for my constituents not to find themselves in debt.
As an MP, I feel that my hands are tied.
We are seeing constituents coming forward with rent arrears and in very difficult situations.
May we have a statement from the Department for Work and Pensions on what is being done to make the transfer easier?
I am concerned that people are falling into deep poverty and facing civil actions in the absence of better Government support.
I am sorry to hear that some of the hon.
Lady’s constituents are facing challenges moving from legacy benefits to universal credit.
She will be aware that the Government made changes to the debt aspect of universal credit, which put money in the pockets of many people in that situation, but I will ensure that she gets a full update on where we are up to.