Eastbourne businesses Qualisea, Gianni’s and Gr/eat are up in arms, as I am, that East Sussex county council’s shambolic management of the Victoria Place pedestrianisation means that works will now fall in the summer, their busiest trading period.
What provision will Ministers make to ensure that businesses hit by such disruption can be properly compensated?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that I do not have the details of that specific case, but if he wants to write to me I will happily look into it.
That completes questions.
We will now let the Front Benchers change over.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for next week is as follows: Monday 16 June —Motion relating to the House of Commons independent complaints and grievance scheme, followed by a general debate on Windrush Day 2025.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 17 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day one).
Wednesday 18 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day two).
Thursday 19 June —Motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA Women’s European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2025, followed by general debate on incontinence, followed by general debate on water safety education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 20 June —Private Member’s Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  23 June  will include: Monday 23 June —General debate on Pride Month.
Tuesday 24 June —Estimates day (2nd allotted day).
Wednesday 25 June —Estimates day (3rd allotted day).
At 7 pm the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 26 June —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) (No. 2) Bill, followed by general debate on Armed Forces Day.
Friday 27 June —The House will not be sitting.
As the House will know, we have incoming news of a terrible disaster involving a flight out of Ahmedabad in India.
I know that the Leader of the House will want to say a few words, but, from the Conservative Benches—I am sure that I speak for the whole House—let me wish everyone involved and their families the very best.
It would be a bad day this week if I did not mention the fantastic news of the knighthood of Sir Billy Boston—it is nice to be able to do that.
I hope you will admire my restraint, Mr Speaker, in not mentioning your birthday and therefore not giving any incentive to any other Member of the House to mention it in their remarks either.
I had the dubious pleasure, as you did, Mr Speaker, of listening to yesterday’s spending review in this Chamber.
It brought to mind President Abraham Lincoln’s immortal line about managing to compress the greatest number of words into the smallest amount of content.
I am afraid that the statement was somewhat worse than that.
It was, in both its design and delivery, an exercise in distraction and sleight of hand—a document not of economic strategy but of political evasion.
We should be clear from the outset that this was a spending review, not a Budget.
Unlike a Budget, it was not subject to scrutiny by the Office for Budget  Responsibility.
The Chancellor’s figures have, therefore, not been externally verified.
Her assumptions have not been stress-tested, and her projections have not been independently reviewed.
She was not required to publish the full fiscal implications or to give the embarrassing numbers in her own remarks—and, of course, she did not.
Even within the confines of departmental budgets, the presentation was, I am afraid, somewhat disingenuous.
A final year outside the actual spending review period was included, filled with speculative figures designed to suggest rigour and restraint in budgetary control.
This is the illusion of discipline without the reality of delivery.
In case any Member is interested, this is on page 13 of the document.
Elsewhere, baseline figures were conveniently shifted; most comparisons began from the year 2023-24, not the current year, which had the effect of inflating the apparent scale of any increases.
Sizewell C is a classic example.
The document trumpets a near 16% increase in investment.
In truth, spending over the period is falling by 3.7%.
That is on page 44.
Similarly, on police funding, the Chancellor was very careful in her language to say that there would be an increase in “police spending power”, but what she meant was that there would be an increase in the local authority precept: in plain English, a tax rise.
The same obfuscation was at work with overseas development aid.
The Chancellor has always said that ODA cuts were needed to fund defence, but the reality is that defence increases are almost entirely in capital spending, while ODA is a cash line.
Far from funding our national defence, what has actually happened is that overseas development aid has been cut to prop up other Departments’ day-to-day budgets.
The most obvious case is defence spending: we were told in grand rhetoric that it would rise to 2.5%, and later 3%, of GDP at some undefined moment when fiscal circumstances allow.
In fact, it is unlikely that even 2.5% will be reached this Parliament.
The 2.6% quoted includes the single intelligence account, which suggests that the number is below 2.5%.
The defence investment plan—the plan that will release the money—is unlikely to appear until the end of the year.
That is nearly 18 months after the 2024 general election—this at a time of war in Ukraine, and with China potentially positioning itself for conflict over Taiwan by 2027.
On Monday NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, echoed yesterday by no less than Lord Robertson, said that unless NATO members raise defence spending to 3.5%, with an additional 1.5% in wider support, we may as well “start learning Russian”.
That is the strategic context.
The Government’s response has been to dither and delay.
The Chancellor’s U-turn over the winter fuel payment badly damaged whatever credibility she ever had.
Yesterday’s statement has compounded the problem for her and the Government.
No mention was made of the estimated 5% annual council tax increases now expected, as flagged by Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
No admission was made that the review will add £140 billion in new borrowing.
That is an extra £10 billion a year in interest payments, at current rates, by the end of the period.
Meanwhile, the supposed efficiency savings of nearly £14 billion are widely regarded as illusory.
As the Chancellor herself said about the spending review, these are her choices.
But the truth is plain: there will be a tax cut for the people of Mauritius.
For the rest  of us, the spending review was a gigantic speculative splurge of spending, presented via smoke and mirrors, which will end up, as it always does with Labour, with higher taxes, and British taxpayers will have to bear the impact.
I start by saying that the thoughts of the whole House and the Government will be with the families of those travelling on flight AI171 from Ahmedabad in India to London Gatwick, which has reportedly crashed.
This is an unfolding story, and it will undoubtedly be causing a huge amount of worry and concern to the many families and communities here and those waiting for the arrival of their loved ones.
We send our deepest sympathies and thoughts to all those families, and the Government will provide all the support that they can to those affected in India and in this country.
I congratulate Billy Boston on receiving a knighthood for his services to rugby league—during your birthday week, Mr Speaker.
I know that as a former patron of rugby league, you felt very strongly indeed that it was about time rugby league was recognised in this way, and you might want to mention that later.
Given that I know it is of great interest to the House, I am pleased to update colleagues on the ratification of the BBNJ—biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction—oceans treaty.
Our oceans are dying, and without urgent action they will be irreversibly destroyed.
I am proud to confirm to the House today that this Labour Government will introduce legislation before the end of the year to ratify the high seas treaty and protect marine life around the world.
We were all shocked by Sir David Attenborough’s film about the destruction caused by bottom trawling, which this Government will ban in protected British waters.
I am really happy, as ever, to debate  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman)  on the economy.
He used to be a Treasury Minister and he is well read.
He knows, I am sure, what every economist in this country knows, which is that for many, many years, the UK economy has been defined by low growth and stagnant living standards, because of our comparatively low productivity.
That is because we have had years and years of under-investment in our infrastructure, in our services, in our regions and in our people.
This Labour Government are finally putting that right with a 10-year renewal plan to rebuild Britain and address the productivity gap.
I am not sure whether the Conservatives really understand basic economics, because they are showing no sign of it.
In my part of the world and yours, Mr Speaker, that has been particularly true.
Towns and cities across the north and the midlands have been held back by woeful transport infrastructure that would be unacceptable to people in the south; held back by the lack of job opportunities near where they live; held back by poor, insecure and costly housing; held back because they are not getting the training and skills they need; and held back because their life chances are lower as a result of deep-seated inequalities.
That cannot be addressed overnight, and we are not pretending that it will be, but we have a long-term plan for renewal.
That includes the biggest investment in affordable and social housing in 50 years; nuclear and renewable infrastructure transforming communities around the country; the north finally getting the rail connectivity  it deserves; and every community getting better buses.
Schools and hospitals are being rebuilt for the 21st century, based not on fictional budgets and economics but on actual plans to deliver them.
We are addressing today’s cost of living crisis, too, with our warm homes plan to bring down bills, by extending free school meals and free breakfast clubs, with more free childcare, with a cap on bus fares and by increasing the wages of the lowest paid—with wages going up more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than they did in 10 years of the Conservative Government.
Finally, we continue to boost the NHS, which has already resulted in waiting lists coming down month after month.
The right hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about choices, so let us talk about those choices.
We would not have been able to set those things out if we had not made the difficult changes to taxes that we made in the Budget last year.
He seems to want more spending for the police and defence—I think that is what he was saying—but he does not want to make the hard decisions about where the money will come from.
He mentions yet again the 2.5% of spending on defence, which this Government are delivering, but he might want to remind himself of when defence spending reached 2.5% in the last 20 years.
Was it in any of the 14 years for which his Government were in office?
No, it was not.
It was only when Labour was last in government that we reached the heights of 2.5%.
In contrast to the Conservatives’ fantasy economics, yesterday’s spending allocations were all within the envelope that we set out in the Budget last year, so we are really clear where the money is coming from.
As ever, their economic argument is utterly incoherent.
On the one hand, they say that we are spending too much, and on the other that we are not spending even more on police and defence.
They criticise us on growth, yet they do not want the investment to turbocharge our productivity and, therefore, our growth.
We are the party with a plan—a plan to renew Britain, a plan to raise living standards in every part of the country, a plan to get our public services back on their feet and a plan to give people the security they need in their homes.
To follow on from what the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House have said, all our prayers and thoughts go to the families of the London-bound aircraft that has crashed.
Let us hope there is better news to come on that.
I was tempted by the Leader of the House when she talked about the knighthood for Sir Billy Boston.
I just hope that it will be like London buses and we will see further knighthoods for rugby league—I look forward to none more so than the news of Sir Kevin Sinfield.
Let us try somebody from Yorkshire; I call Jon Trickett.
I very much associate myself with your comments about Kevin Sinfield, Mr Speaker, who is a hero for the whole nation and a great role model.
On the question of the north, the Leader of the House is right.
In the great northern town of Featherstone, there is increasing irritation about the way in which the absentee and irresponsible owners of the former Junction pub are allowing it to deteriorate.
It is now in a dangerous condition and I fear that somebody will be badly hurt.
The process of dealing with dangerous structures is too long, too bureaucratic and too cumbersome.
Please may we have a debate in Government time—I think lots of Members will have the same experience—so we can share our experiences and see whether the Government can push things forward?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the difficult issue of the Junction pub in his constituency.
We all hear those stories time and again.
We want to give local communities more powers to have the right to acquire such facilities, and for those powers to be exercised more quickly than they currently are.
We are bringing forward legislation in that regard, but he might want to club together with others to get a debate on the issue.