Order.
If Ministers do not want Members to get in, please will they say so, because they are taking all the time from Back Benchers, which is really unfair to them?
Back Benchers have put forward their names and come here to ask questions, and Ministers are just enjoying themselves too much.
This week, the Government have announced £86 billion for research and development.
Recently, I visited PROTO and Digital Catapult in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree with me that this sort of investment is exactly what Gateshead, the north-east and our country need?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I know that he will do what he can to promote his constituency, and the extra funding for the British Business Bank will really support his area.
In the US trade agreement, the Prime Minister gave access to the UK market for 1.4 billion litres of US bioethanol.
The Secretary of State will know that that is the entire size of the UK market.
Yesterday, apprentices came here from Vivergo in my constituency.
The hundreds of people directly employed there, and the thousands in  the supply chain, wonder how this Government, on the verge of producing an industrial strategy, can want to abandon the nascent bioethanol industry in this country entirely.
What will he do to stop that?
I understand the prominence of the issue in the right hon.
Member’s constituency.
We already import a significant amount of ethanol from the US: 860,000 tonnes of bioethanol.
We recognise the competitive pressures that the US trade deal will bring—it is obviously not yet in operation—and have met the companies affected and continue to negotiate with them.
They are already very distressed and lose significant amounts of money, so what they really need are regulatory changes from the Department for Transport for the market as a whole.
I can assure him that we are working on that.
Rusty’s  Collectables is a great new addition to Redditch high street, offering unique items such as Pokémon and Marvel collectables.
Owners Russell and Amee have successfully moved from online to the high street.
Can the Minister explain how the Government will help more entrepreneurs like them to turn great ideas into high-street businesses?