What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
We have announced plans to reform business rates, launched high street rental auction powers for councils that will help businesses to access currently vacant properties, worked with industry to open over 150 banking hubs, and introduced the Crime and Policing Bill to provide retailers with greater protections from assault and shoplifting.
Our forthcoming small and medium-sized enterprise strategy will set out our further plans to help businesses on the high street and beyond.
Chester South and Eddisbury is home to some truly special high streets, lined with independent shops and pubs that play a vital role in the life of our communities.
I have spoken to local business owners, especially in hospitality, who are already feeling the pressure.
Following the spending review, the chief executive of UKHospitality said that “the overwhelming challenge holding back hospitality from meeting its potential is the current tax burden”.
Does the Minister accept that unless action is taken to ease the burden on high street businesses, especially in hospitality, the Government risk undermining the very communities they claim to support?
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that when she had the conversations that she says she had with businesses in her constituency, I am sure she pointed out the huge economic mess that this Government inherited and the £22 billion black hole in public finances.
That is why the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to make some very difficult decisions in last year’s Budget.
We have set out a series of plans that will make a genuine difference on our high streets, including new opportunities to persuade landlords to open up premises for rent.
We will set out further plans in the coming small business strategy, and our industrial strategy will also help to generate growth in high streets and beyond.
The town of Burntwood in my constituency has a high street that has been struggling after 14 years of neglect by the Conservatives.
One of the things holding Burntwood back is the lack of access to high street banks.
Will the Minister update us on what the Department is doing to support access to banking in our high streets as a key pillar of driving the regeneration of high streets like the one in Burntwood?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to focus on the need for face-to-face banking in communities and high streets up and down the country.
We are committed to working with the banks to roll out 350 banking hubs by the end of this Parliament, but we also think that the Post Office can do more to help to improve access to banking services.
On the particular issue in his constituency, if it would be helpful, I would be very happy to sit down and talk to him about what else he might be able to do to secure a banking hub for his constituents.