This weekend, with the team from my parliamentary office, I will be taking part in the Knaresborough bed race, a fantastic local community event, to raise money for Knaresborough Town AFC.
Will the Leader of the House congratulate in advance all those who take part and hopefully finish, as well as the organisers of the event, and will she consider a debate in Government time on unique and culturally important sporting events?
I am not quite sure that I understand what that race is, but it sounds very unique to Knaresborough, and I will take an interest now that the hon.
Gentleman has raised it with me.
That would make a good topic for a debate.
Yesterday’s spending review saw this Government investing in national renewal.
To truly deliver on that, it is vital that small towns such as those in my constituency fully feel the benefits.
We need local investment strategies to  address the things that hold our areas back, such as a lack of a commuter rail link in Rossendale or overreliance on a single road in Darwen.
These solutions are inevitably unique to an area, requiring investment plans that are locally led but nationally backed.
Small towns like mine need to be at the heart of our national renewal, so will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time on that vital subject?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As I said earlier, the lack of investment in many of our northern towns and cities has really held those communities back.
I am well aware of the challenges in Rossendale and Darwen and how much his constituency could flourish if it had better rail and road connectivity, and I look forward to working with him on that.
May I remind the Leader of the House that when I referred to the prayer tabled by my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition against the Mauritius treaty, in early-day motion 1398, she was unable to give an undertaking that this will be debated within the 21-day period laid down by the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010?
[That the Agreement, done at London and Port Louis on  22 May 2025 , between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Government of the Republic of Mauritius concerning the Chagos Archipelago including Diego Garcia, should not be ratified.]
However, in a subsequent answer to  the hon.
Member for Brent West (Barry Gardiner) , she made it clear that the global ocean treaty would not be ratified until the necessary legislation had been passed.
Can we take it that the Mauritius treaty will not be ratified until the House has approved the legislation providing for the very substantial expenditure that it involves?