In addition to the business announced by the Leader of the House, in Westminster Hall next week, on Tuesday there will be a debate on hydrogen-powered aviation, and on Thursday there will be a Select Committee statement from the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, followed by debates on the role of careers education in improving social mobility and on Down’s syndrome regression disorder.
On  Tuesday 24 June , there will be a debate on the right to maintain contact in care settings.
On  Thursday 26 June , there will be a Select Committee statement from the Joint Committee on Human Rights, followed by debates on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war and on the funding of the BBC World Service.
In recent weeks, I have raised the plight of Hindus in Bangladesh.
I have also raised the atrocities in Pahalgam, but now things have come home to this country.
Earlier this week, three young Indian boys were playing cricket in Headstone park.
They were approached by three slightly older men.
An altercation took place, and the three young boys were hospitalised, one with a fractured  eye socket.
We understand that the police are dealing with this as an aggravated racial assault.
It took place between young Hindu boys and older Muslim men.
The police are appealing for witnesses to come forward to see who the perpetrators are, and community leaders are trying to take down the temperature so that there is no escalation.
But if this type of religious hatred is going to come to this country, we desperately need the Home Secretary to make a clear statement about what the Government will do to prevent it from happening.
I ask the Leader of the House to facilitate that next week.
May I first send my thoughts to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents?
When I first heard of the crash, I thought of him, knowing the demographic of his constituency.
If any of his constituents need help and support, the Foreign Office, the authorities and the Government here stand ready to support them.
I thank him for announcing future Back-Bench business, particularly the estimates days, which are important debates in the calendar year.
I am sorry to hear about the attack on three young boys innocently playing cricket in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He raises these issues time and again in the House.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending the clear and strong message that we absolutely stand against any kind of sectarian religious hate or violence like that and that we will take whatever steps necessary to eradicate it.
We have two days of debate on the Crime and Policing Bill next week.
There are further measures in that Bill in relation to attacks on places of worship and on memorials, which would include religious memorials.
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman wants further action on these issues, so if he does not get a chance to raise them with the Home Secretary next week, I will raise them for him.
Glasgow City football club in my constituency recently won 2-0 against Hearts, securing the team a place in the UEFA women’s champions league.
I was delighted to be at that game cheering the team on.
It is a fantastic achievement and a testament to the hard work of the team on and off the pitch, spearheaded by club co-founder and chief executive Laura Montgomery.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Glasgow City the best of luck for their European campaign, and will she consider a debate in Government time on the importance of supporting grassroots women’s football?
I am absolutely delighted to join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Glasgow City football club on its achievements
and I wish the team all the very best in their European campaign.
Women’s football and grassroots women’s sport are discussed regularly in this House, and I am sure that she will continue to raise those matters.
rose— Order.
My intention is for business questions to run until around 11.45, so if we can help each other by speeding through, that would be really good.
I call Sir Roger Gale to set a good example.
The Government have pledged to enhance the record of the previous Conservative Government and uphold animal  welfare.
Retained European regulations currently prohibit the handling of chickens by their legs, but in their first act of animal welfare, the Government are proposing to pass regulations to permit that harmful practice.
Will the Leader of the House ask the agriculture Minister to write to me—and place a copy of the letter in the Library —to explain why the Government are choosing to lower the legal standard rather than to uphold the law and protect animal welfare?
That was a bad example.
The Government are committed to introducing the most ambitious programme of animal welfare in a generation.
I am not aware of the particular regulation that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions, but I will ensure that he gets a full response from the Minister and that it is made available for everybody else.
Government data released last year shows that homeschooling figures have doubled since 2019.
Although I wholeheartedly welcome the measures in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill to ensure that all children are safe, many parents in my constituency actively and positively choose to home-educate their children, and it is safe and reasonable for them to do so.
On behalf of her Cabinet colleagues, will the Leader of the House reassure home-educating parents in my constituency and across the UK, who are doing a fantastic job of educating their children, that the Bill will safeguard educational freedom and honour the incredibly positive impact that parents can have on their children’s development?
Will she consider a debate on the merits of alternative forms of education?