My hon.
Friend is right to say that this is not just an issue for our high streets, such as those mentioned by our hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell) , but a concern up and down the country.
The National Crime Agency and Home Office colleagues are seeking to take action against illegitimate businesses, and my hon.
Friend will recognise that the announcement in yesterday’s spending review of additional police officers, with more to come over the spending review period, will help us with that activity.
If the book that  the hon.
Member for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell)  has written is a political thriller about fighting for small business, I am sure it features five heroes on the Government Front Bench doing everything  they can to promote small business.
But readers will ask, “Who is the villain of the piece?”
Is it not obvious that it is the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who is doing everything possible to undermine business, with 276,000 people having lost work since the autumn statement, and 109,000 in the month of May alone?
When will the Ministers—the heroes of this story—fight against the Chancellor, who is getting so much so wrong?
It is a little while since I have been called a hero by the right hon.
Gentleman, but I am glad that I have finally had some recognition from him.
I do not think that the Chancellor of the Exchequer is a villain at all; indeed, I think the spending review she announced yesterday will help to unlock investment in our high streets and our small businesses up and down the country.
The record investment in research and development and in infrastructure, and the additional capacity for the British Business Bank, will help to unlock billions of pounds of new investment and many more job opportunities across the country.
Charlotte from Harpenden and her family run Gatwards, one of the oldest family-run jewellers in the UK.
It is a small business that has been there for so many years, but it has been hit by the rise in national insurance contributions and changes to business property relief and inheritance tax, meaning that it will shelve plans to hire staff and the premises are in peril.
Will the Minister work with the Treasury to review the impact of these policies on small businesses and our high streets?
We will always work across Government with the Treasury to look at issues that affect businesses, whether on the high street or beyond.
In the discussions the hon.
Member has had with the particular businesses in her constituency, I am sure she will have noted our plans to reform business rates, which will help many businesses in the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
She will also have noted that more than 40% of businesses will pay no business rates in the coming year.
Lky7 Sports is a small cycle and nutrition business in Ashford in my constituency.
It has been hammered by the loss of small business rate relief, and wrote to me yesterday saying: “The Government say that they are helping small business, but this is a joke when our business rates have gone from nothing to £1,800.
We are seriously considering closing the shop down.”
What advice does the Minister have for that boss?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman— I say this gently to him—will have explained to that particular business that we inherited a very difficult economic situation because of the decisions that his party took, including on tax, but our small business strategy will set out more plans to help small businesses, such as the one in his constituency.
Our business rates relief package will make a significant difference for retail, hospitality and leisure.
[Interruption.]
He asks when we will publish the small business strategy—it will be shortly.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
The Department is making good progress developing our industrial strategy—a strategy that has been called for by industry for many years and opposed by the Conservatives for ideological reasons.
We have launched our consultation, we have met industry and thousands of businesses across the land, and we are finalising our report, which we will be publishing shortly.
The spending review announcements yesterday on investment will add to the business growth in the country that we all want to see.
British bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis announced yesterday that it is consolidating its operations in the UK to its Scarborough facility, placing 400 jobs in Falkirk at risk.
The company is warning about competitive imbalance, the increasing market share of Chinese bus manufacturers and an absence of incentives for British-built vehicles.
How are the Government planning to support British bus manufacturers as part of our industrial strategy?
This is a challenging and difficult time for the workers and their families at Alexander Dennis, as well as for the local area.
As Members would expect, I have engaged extensively with ADL’s senior executives alongside the Secretary of State for Scotland, the Department for Transport and the First Minister of Scotland to discuss what we can do to support.
We wrote jointly to the company, offering to support it in any way we can.
There are many issues that we tried to talk through with its representatives.
Bus manufacturing sits with the Department for Transport, so it is taking the lead, but we are working together to do what we can.
Do the Secretary of State and the Minister agree that the industrial towns and villages that make up Lanarkshire must be central to any modern industrial strategy?
Will they meet me, potentially in Airdrie and Shotts, to hear more about the excellent skills and potential that exist throughout the constituency that could undoubtedly contribute to their and this Government’s ambitious work?
Of course, our industrial strategy will speak to the whole country about the way that we are supporting businesses to grow and thrive.
We have identified eight growth-driving sectors as the arrowheads of growth, but there are also policies that we believe will lift the whole country.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
I congratulate him on the support that the local community showed in the recent Hamilton by-election, and look forward to talking to him further.
As part of the Government’s industrial strategy, will the Minister and her colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology carefully consider Somerset’s bid for an artificial intelligence growth zone?
Its unique advantages—the Gravity local development order, and its existing connections to the grid—make it an ideal location to boost jobs and growth.
We have very big ambitions for AI and growth across the country, and I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about his proposals.
I am sure that he has already talked to colleagues in DSIT, but I am very happy to take this matter further.
Cyber-security will be a key pillar in the industrial strategy.
That is welcome news in my constituency of Cheltenham, which is already a centre of excellence in the sector.
We are on the cusp of unlocking £1 billion-worth of investment at the Golden Valley development in west Cheltenham.
I know Ministers are aware of that, as are their colleagues in many other Departments.
A planning application is expected very soon.
Will Ministers join me in urging the two councils—the borough council and the county council—to get on with it and unlock that investment, which will bring growth to Cheltenham and the nation and, crucially, support defence as well?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we are doing what we can to unlock the planning challenges that people have faced for many years in a whole range of areas.
We are introducing legislation to do that, and making several changes.
I obviously cannot comment on specific planning proposals in his area, but he should be reassured that we are doing what we can to encourage growth.