The Retail Jobs Alliance is very clear in its warning that the Government’s changes to business rates will “accelerate the decline of high streets, reducing footfall…and creating a cycle of economic downturn.”
That letter was also signed by the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers—a Labour-affiliated trade union.
Once again, the Minister and the Department for Business and Trade have a choice.
Will they stand up for high street retailers, actual employers and even their own affiliated trade union, or will they just go along with Treasury diktat?
Once upon a time, the Conservatives supported business rates reform to help the high street; the hon.
Gentleman now seems to be shifting his party’s policy.
Indeed, time after time his Government promised that they would reform business rates, but one of the reasons they lost the confidence of British business at the last election was because they did not act to reform business rates.
We have said that we will introduce permanently lower business rates for retail, hospitality and leisure.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer set out our initial thoughts on that in the Budget in October, and we will publish an update on where we are on that issue in the coming months.
We support business rates reform, but when Labour’s own trade union says that its plan is not going to work, Ministers should really sit up and listen.
Let me turn to another issue affecting our high streets: shoplifting—which continues to devastate many high street retailers.
I see that in my own constituency in  high streets in Princes Risborough, Wendover and Great Missenden.
How is the Minister actively engaging with the Home Office, police and crime commissioners and police forces to move shoplifting up the agenda across the board, just as my home force of Thames Valley has done with its Disc scheme?
Before he comes back with police numbers, let me tell him that there are more police in Thames Valley than ever before, let alone since 2010.
Just talking the talk on numbers is not enough.
What is he going to do proactively to make this issue go up the agenda?
I think the hon.
Gentleman, in his own way, is congratulating the Government on increasing police numbers in his constituency, and he is certainly right to do so.
We have committed to an extra 3,000 police officers over the course of this financial year and a total of an extra 13,000 by the end of this Parliament.
We are also taking action to end the immunity that his party introduced for shoplifters and taking steps to increase the powers that the police have to take action when shoplifters and others are violent against retail staff.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency.
Our small business strategy will be published later this year and will set out our plans to champion entrepreneurs, improve access to finance and help small and medium-sized enterprises to reach more markets and adopt new technology.
As I alluded to earlier, we are developing our plans for our new business growth service, simplifying access to support and advice for small businesses.
We are also tackling the challenge of late payments, including the introduction of a new fair payment code and upcoming legislation requiring large companies to report annually on their payment performance.
In Aylesbury town centre, we have some fantastic businesses, from Darlington’s to the Rockwood pub and Nafees bakery.
They provide an amazing service to the community, but with issues such as traffic, parking and antisocial behaviour, they can struggle to get customers into town and through their doors.
I congratulate the Minister on the work he is doing, but can he tell us more about how his small business strategy will support our high streets and town centres, like Aylesbury, to thrive?
I very much enjoyed my visit to my hon.
Friend’s constituency and the roundtable we had with some of the fantastic businesses there.
I very much hope that Conservative-controlled Buckinghamshire council  will finally get its act together and sort out some of the traffic and parking issues she mentioned.
We will set out our plans to do more to help small businesses across the country, including in Aylesbury, in our SME strategy.
One particular measure that we will be able to take action on is to improve access to finance for small businesses, following the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s significant increase in the capacity of the British Business Bank yesterday.
Small businesses on our high streets across my constituency, from Earl’s Court Road to Queensway, Notting Hill Gate and Portobello Road, are fed up of being blighted by candy shops, low-grade souvenir shops, Harry Potter shops and even barbershops, with accusations of VAT and business rates evasion and even links to money laundering and serious organised crime.
Can the Minister outline what steps the Department is taking, in conjunction with the Minister responsible for high streets, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and the National Crime Agency, to crack down on these operations and create a legitimate level playing field for our small businesses?
I recognise that my hon.
Friend has been very persistent on this issue, and he is entirely right to be so.
We have been working with colleagues in the Home Office and the National Crime Agency to take action to crack down on illegitimate businesses that threaten to undermine the legitimate ones that exist on all of our high streets.
In March, the National Economic Crime Centre co-ordinated a three-week crackdown on barbershops and other cash-intensive businesses where there were concerns, visiting almost 400 premises and securing freezing orders over a series of bank accounts totalling more than £1 million.