The Minister can expect an autographed copy of the book by  the hon.
Member for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell)  to be spinning its way towards his office as we speak.
I very much welcome the UK-India free trade agreement.
It is good news, but Northern Ireland has a particular protocol issue.
I know that the Minister is keen— I know it for a fact, because his answers are always good—that Northern Ireland can receive the same benefits as the rest of the United Kingdom: England, Scotland and Wales.
Can he assure us that we in Northern Ireland will also be benefactors?
I appreciate the hon.
Member’s kind words.
He will know that ensuring that everything my Department does works for Northern Ireland is a personal priority for me and for the ministerial team.
In relation to exports, I can assure him that Northern Ireland will benefit from the advantageous position that the whole United Kingdom is in.
We do have issues in making sure the more complex regulatory position from the protocol in Northern Ireland is working in the best possible way.
There are very strong reasons for making that work better, if we can do so, and he has my commitment that we will seek to do that.
What steps his Department is taking to support entrepreneurs.
What support his Department plans to provide to entrepreneurship incubators in towns.
The Government continue to support entrepreneurs through start-up loans via the British Business Bank and through programmes such as growth hubs in England and “Help to Grow: Management” training across the UK.
Later this year we will publish our small and medium-sized enterprise strategy, one key element of which will be to signal our determination to do even more to champion our entrepreneurs, including through a new vision for business support, built around the coming business growth service.
You will be pleased to know that I do not have a book coming out, Mr Speaker.
I am reading the one that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell)  has written, and it is excellent, but I should probably say on his behalf that any likeness to characters in this place is entirely coincidental.