We have been promised a modern industrial strategy for nearly a year.
First, it was going to be with us in the spring; then it was going to be published at the spending review; and now it will be here “shortly”.
The industrial strategy seems to be a strategy to clobber industry with higher taxes and higher business rates.
Will the modern industrial strategy have greater longevity than the Office for Investment?
It was announced in October, and we were not given an update until last Thursday, when it launched.
Yesterday, we were told in the spending review that it is now being restructured.
What is the future for the Office for Investment?
I can guarantee the hon.
Lady that our industrial strategy will have a longer shelf life than hers did; I think it lasted 18 months—I am not entirely sure.
We forget, because it did not have much of an impact.
We have worked with all industries across the country to put together a comprehensive package that will make it easier to do business in the UK, and support our city regions and clusters across the country, where we have excellent industry.
It will turbocharge the eight growth sectors, and it will make the Government more agile in interacting with business.
That is why we are reforming the Office for Investment, as we have always said we will.
It is now a significantly more substantial organisation, and will give significantly more support.
The hon.
Lady should look at— Order.
I am really bothered, because we have only got to question 8, and I still need to call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats welcome yesterday’s announcements from the Chancellor on investment in public infrastructure  projects.
However, the general secretary of the Prospect trade union has warned that the UK lacks the skilled workers required for the new defence and nuclear projects outlined by the Chancellor.
Similarly, Make UK and the Federation of Small Businesses have highlighted that a shortage of skilled workers would be a critical stumbling block for growth.
As we continue to await the much-anticipated industrial strategy, why are the Government moving funding away from level 7 apprenticeships, when we know that they support social mobility?
More broadly, why did they not seize the opportunity in yesterday’s statement to commit to fixing the apprenticeship levy, to ensure that money is invested in skills and training?
Forgive me for my long answers, Mr Speaker, but there is a lot to talk about in the industrial strategy, and I like to talk about it.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
There is a significant skills challenge, and we will not shy away from it.
Yesterday, £1.2 billion for skills was announced in the spending review.
We have announced £600 million for construction skills, because that is a big issue for building the infrastructure that we need.
We know we need to go further, and we are working closely with industry on how we can use the resources we have to recruit the welders, engineers— Order.
If there is so much to say, the Minister should bring forward a statement, or let us have a debate on this very important subject.
I do not know how she will explain to MPs that they will not get in, because I am now going to topicals.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since our last oral question time, we have secured three major trade agreements to boost British exports and drive growth across the UK.
This Government are delivering trade deals that benefit businesses and put money in workers’ pockets, and are securing deals that other Governments promised, but failed to deliver.
We have an agreement with our largest trading partner, with the biggest economy in the world, and with the fastest-growing big economy in the world.
As we have heard, the India deal alone will boost wages by £2.2 billion a year when fully operational.
Our new strategic partnership with the EU could add nearly £9 billion to our economy by 2040, and the UK was of course the first country to secure a deal with President Trump.
I can also confirm that in the past week, we have hosted delegations from the US and China, in order to assist them in their negotiations with each other.
As I have always said, under this Government, the UK will be the most open and best-connected economy in the world.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his excellent work.
The Government’s decision to suspend their trade negotiations with the Israeli Government last month was absolutely the right one, but some constituents have been in touch in confusion after trade envoy Ian Austin’s visit still went ahead.
Can the Secretary of State affirm that this Government’s  position is that we will not be deepening our trade ties with the Israeli Government while the situation in Gaza and the west bank remains so appalling?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
Yes, I can reaffirm that position.
As she says, the Foreign Secretary announced on  20 May  that we have suspended negotiations on an upgraded free trade agreement with Israel in response to the egregious actions of the Netanyahu Government in Gaza and the west bank.
Of course, the UK has existing business relationships with Israel that are not affected by that decision, and we maintain trade envoys with both Israel and the Palestinian territories.
What we all want is peace, a two-state solution and a strong UK relationship with both states.