With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMELIA BROWN

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Amelia Brown

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Amelia has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Amelia, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Amelia's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Warren Tech North and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Amelia Brown on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AVERY KENKEL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Avery Kenkel

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Avery has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Avery, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Avery's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Wayne Carle Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Avery Kenkel on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MERLYN LEWIS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Merlyn Lewis has made to our community through her

work as an exceptional volunteer for Service Dog Alliance, an all-

volunteer non-profit, which promotes and supports the rights and

responsibilities of service dog teams, businesses, and the community.
Merlyn Lewis exemplifies servant leadership by empowering volunteers,

the community, and individuals with disabilities to ensure safe and

unfettered access for service animal handlers.
Volunteering more than

10,000 hours, Ms. Lewis has served as President of the Board and Lead

Trainer for the organization.
She currently serves on the Executive

Board as Secretary/Treasurer.
Ms. Lewis and her service dog, Sterling,

have traveled throughout Florida as role models of what to expect from

a well-trained team.
She has assisted individuals with disabilities in

becoming better handlers and in understanding how to follow state and

federal law.
Her training for health care professionals, first

responders, government staff, and private businesses about the vital

work service animals perform has reduced barriers to access in housing,

employment, and places of public accommodation and increased community

partnerships to combat the misrepresentation of service animals.
Service Dog Alliance achieves its mission because Merlyn Lewis is on

the front lines and in the trenches doing whatever is necessary to

ensure the organization and those served have all that is needed to be

successful.
It is clear that Merlyn Lewis has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive

to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PARVIN AHMADI

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the outstanding contributions of Parvin Ahmadi, a lifelong educator

whose 36 years of service in public education have profoundly shaped

the lives of students, families, and educators across California.
Parvin Ahmadi began her career as a classroom teacher in San Jose

before taking on administrative roles in Fremont and ultimately serving

as Superintendent of the Castro Valley Unified School District for the

past decade.