Ralph understood

this better than anyone because there wasn't a day he wasn't recording

footage or capturing photos of this beauty.
His social media was

sprinkled with beautiful sunsets and sunrises, clean flowing water, and

the oasis of green that evokes awe in our desert landscape.
With his collaboration and leadership, some of the victories for our

cultura, herencia y futuro include the moratorium on mineral

development on state trust lands in the Pecos with Stephanie Garcia

Richards, the two-year protection of the Pecos River Watershed from

mining claims put in place by Secretary Haaland, and the inspiration he

gave to leaders from Santa Fe to D.C.

Love is at its most powerful when it is unconditional when nothing is

asked in return and setbacks and faults do not diminish the passion.
Ralph loved New Mexico's lands and people unconditionally.
Ralph was

connected to the land and people of Northern New Mexico as if there

were an umbilical cord that was never severed.
He was connected to the

land through his farming, his gentle care of acequias, and his

protection of the watershed that in turn protected the water that is

our lifeline.
He embodied the definition of querencia (no translation--

a place where one feels safe, happy, and strong, a place where they can

truly be themselves).
He was a son, a father, a brother, an uncle and friend that everyone

could look to for leadership and wisdom.
Like so many, I cried when I

learned of his passing.
I am honored to recognize the legacy that is Ralph Vigil.
We are

living through a historic moment where we need leaders like Ralph whose

ability to transcend and translate is needed more than ever.
His legacy

will not only live on in his beloved rural communities but, today, also

in the records of our great Nation--a Nation that Ralph made endlessly

better during his incredible life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUNAYANA DUMALA FOR HER CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL FLORIDA

DURING ASIAN AMERICAN & PACIFIC ISLANDER HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Sunayana Dumala is an Indian immigrant who

moved to the United States in 2007 to pursue her master's degree,

hopeful about building a new future and achieving the American Dream.
While working as a data integration engineer in Olathe, Kansas, her

life was tragically altered on February 22, 2017, when her husband,

Srinivas Kuchibhotla, was murdered in a hate crime that shocked the

Nation.
In the face of unimaginable loss, Sunayana chose to rise with

purpose.
She emerged as a leading advocate for immigrants, founding the

Forever Welcome Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to supporting

immigrant and refugee communities through advocacy, education, and

programs that foster unity and bridge diverse communities.
Through Forever Welcome, Sunayana leads dialogue workshops that

create space for understanding and connection between immigrants and

non-immigrants, and runs a family support program that provides

emergency assistance to refugee and low-income immigrant families.
Her advocacy has extended to national platforms.
She has worked with

Immigration Voice to advance policy solutions for high-skilled

immigrants and participated in campaigns like Spread AAPI Love by Stop

AAPI Hate.
She has also been featured in national documentaries, including PBS's

``Healing Hate'' and ABC's ``Divided States: Olathe,'' which highlight

her journey and the broader fight against hate.
Sunayana's work has

earned her honors, including the Heart Award by Med Ad News, the Peace

Award from the Crescent Peace Society, and the Humanitarian Award from

the Olathe Human Relations Commission.
Apart from focusing on her foundation, since relocating to Lake Nona,

Florida, in 2022, Ms. Dumala has been actively involved with Asian

Americans and Pacific Islanders Coming Together (ACT), a nonprofit

organization dedicated to civic engagement and community empowerment.
Through her work with ACT, she is helping increase civic engagement and

voter awareness across Central Florida.