After the COVID-19 pandemic, I-House reevaluated its operation norms,

and decided to begin work on expanding its programming and reaching a

broader cross-section of our Davis community.
The organization has

since strengthened its support for immigrants, refugees, and newcomers

by launching new English language offerings and volunteer-driven

initiatives.
It has also added more community-led cultural programming,

including classes in Persian drumming, French and Peruvian dance, and

other areas that reflect the diversity of its participants.
Throughout its four decades of work, I-House Davis has remained

committed to the values of community, curiosity, collaboration,

culture, and belonging.
These principles are reflected in the

organization's day-to-day efforts to promote civic engagement, foster

cross-cultural understanding, and support individuals as they navigate

life in a new place.
Whether through language instruction, cultural

exchange, or shared community space, I-House has created opportunities

for people from many different backgrounds to learn from one another

and feel connected.
As part of its 40th anniversary, I-House has launched a community

storytelling project titled ``40 Years of Stories,'' highlighting the

organization's history and its continued importance to the region.
Under the leadership of Executive Director Shelly Gilbride and a

dedicated staff and board, I-House Davis remains a trusted and active

presence in the Davis community.
Mr. Speaker, International House Davis has spent four decades

promoting cultural exchange and supporting our international and

immigrant communities.
It is fitting and proper that we recognize the

organization today for its 40 years of dedicated service to our

district.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KATE MILLER

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Kate Miller, the Executive Director of the Napa Valley Transportation

Authority (NVTA).
After 12 years of service at NVTA, Ms. Miller is

retiring, ending her 30 year career in transportation and leaving

behind a lasting impact on our Napa County community and the broader

Bay Area.
Born and raised in the Bay Area, Ms. Miller earned a Bachelor of Arts

in U.S. and International Studies from the University of Washington and

a Master's in Public Administration, Urban Studies, and Transportation

from San Francisco State University.
She began her career in

transportation in 2000 at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission,

where she worked as a Senior Planner before moving to AC Transit as the

Manager of Capital Development, Legislation, and Grants.
In 2012, she

became Executive Director of NVTA.
Ms. Miller's leadership at NVTA has resulted in significant

improvements to our Napa County's transportation infrastructure.
She

led the passage of Measure U, a sales tax expected to generate $1.2

billion over 30 years for local streets and road projects.
Under her

direction, NVTA completed the $56 million Soscol Junction Interchange,

reducing traffic congestion and improving mobility.
She also played a

key role in expanding the Napa Valley Vine Trail, securing funding, and

guiding its construction from Napa to Yountville and from Calistoga to

St. Helena.
Ms. Miller oversaw the operations of Vine Transit, which serves over

600,000 passengers annually and connects Napa County to Vallejo Ferry,

Amtrak, and BART.
During the 2017 Tubbs Fire, Vine Transit worked with

emergency services to evacuate residents and visitors while maintaining

limited bus service, earning NVTA and its partners the Bay Area Metro

(Grand) Award from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission in 2019.
The agency later provided similar emergency response efforts during the

2020 Glass Fire.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Vine Transit also played

a critical role by delivering meals to shelters and isolation sites,

transporting high-risk individuals to quarantine facilities, assisting

emergency staff, and ensuring access to testing and vaccination sites

for those without transportation.
Beyond our Napa Valley community, Ms. Miller has been a key voice in

statewide transportation policy.
She served as Chair of the Bay Area

Partnership Board at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and was

appointed to the California Transit Transformation Task Force, where

she worked on long-term funding solutions and operational improvements

for public transit.