During the COVID-19 pandemic, Vine Transit also played

a critical role by delivering meals to shelters and isolation sites,

transporting high-risk individuals to quarantine facilities, assisting

emergency staff, and ensuring access to testing and vaccination sites

for those without transportation.
Beyond our Napa Valley community, Ms. Miller has been a key voice in

statewide transportation policy.
She served as Chair of the Bay Area

Partnership Board at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and was

appointed to the California Transit Transformation Task Force, where

she worked on long-term funding solutions and operational improvements

for public transit.
Ms. Miller is also a well-respected mentor,

collaborator, and advocate for sustainable transportation.
Known for

her ability to bring together local governments, agencies, and private

partners, she has strengthened Napa's position in regional and

statewide transportation planning.
Outside of her professional life, Ms. Miller is a dedicated family

member and friend.
She has been married to her husband, Greg, for 21

years and is a devoted aunt to her nieces and nephew Ashley, Natalie,

and Wesley.
A proud Napa resident, Ms. Miller is an cyclist and enjoys

spending time with friends, sharing meals, and walking her dog, Lilly,

through the streets of Browns Valley.
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Miller's leadership has improved transportation

infrastructure, expanded transit services, and advanced sustainability

efforts in our Napa Valley and beyond.
It is fitting and proper that we

recognize her contributions here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RALPH VIGIL'S LIFE AND LEGACY

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Ralph Vigil's life

and legacy.
He lived a life of passion--passion for the protection of

the water, the land, the ecosystems, and the community of our beautiful

Pecos, New Mexico.
The first time I heard Ralph, he was talking about the importance of

protecting our land as a place for everyone and everything, including

our wildlife.
He repeated the dicho, or Spanish saying:

``Un poquito para mi, un poquito para vos, un poquito para

las criaturas de Dios'' (``A little for me, a little for you,

and a little for the creatures of God'')

as he spoke of how he farmed and left some of the bounties in the

field.
Ralph was colorful and strong in his language when he asked me and

others in leadership if we would stand with the people and the places

we all loved. (
You all are laughing because you can hear him now.)
The

lands we love don't fight for themselves.
They need leaders like Ralph

who understand our ``herencia (heritage), cultura (culture), y futuro

(future)''), to organize the parciantes, organize the meetings,

organize the hikes, and the advocacy.
He was a tireless advocate for an

array of conservation issues, from the Caja del Rio to our beloved

acequias to protecting the Pecos watershed.
There aren't many people in

the Pecos Valley or in the conservation community who don't know the

great Ralph Vigil because if there was ever a problem to fix or

knowledge to learn, he was the person to call.
New Mexico is blessed with a beautiful landscape.
Ralph understood

this better than anyone because there wasn't a day he wasn't recording

footage or capturing photos of this beauty.
His social media was

sprinkled with beautiful sunsets and sunrises, clean flowing water, and

the oasis of green that evokes awe in our desert landscape.
With his collaboration and leadership, some of the victories for our

cultura, herencia y futuro include the moratorium on mineral

development on state trust lands in the Pecos with Stephanie Garcia

Richards, the two-year protection of the Pecos River Watershed from

mining claims put in place by Secretary Haaland, and the inspiration he

gave to leaders from Santa Fe to D.C.

Love is at its most powerful when it is unconditional when nothing is

asked in return and setbacks and faults do not diminish the passion.