Sunayana's work has

earned her honors, including the Heart Award by Med Ad News, the Peace

Award from the Crescent Peace Society, and the Humanitarian Award from

the Olathe Human Relations Commission.
Apart from focusing on her foundation, since relocating to Lake Nona,

Florida, in 2022, Ms. Dumala has been actively involved with Asian

Americans and Pacific Islanders Coming Together (ACT), a nonprofit

organization dedicated to civic engagement and community empowerment.
Through her work with ACT, she is helping increase civic engagement and

voter awareness across Central Florida.
Sunayana's story is especially remarkable considering that when

tragedy struck, she had no immediate family in America, was not born

here and was still learning the nuances of American culture.
In the

face of devastating loss, she had a choice: to turn away from the

country that had become her home, or to stay and fight against hate.
Her journey is a testament to resilience, compassion, and a deep

commitment to building a country where everyone has a place to belong.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HMONG EXODUS

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th anniversary of

the Hmong Exodus, the mass displacement and migration of Hmong people

from Laos to the United States beginning in 1975.
The Hmong people originated in North Central Asia before migrating to

Southeast Asia to settle in Laos.
Despite achieving independence from

French colonial rule in 1954, their relations to foreign powers

remained complex, particularly during the Vietnam War.
From 1961 and

1975, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), employed a secret army of

Hmong soldiers led by General Vang Pao to assist U.S. war efforts

during the Vietnam War era.
Known as the Special Guerrilla Unit (SGU),

they fought in the ``Secret War,'' often against insurmountable odds,

to stop the spread of

communism inside and beyond Laos.
In one of the most devastating and

traumatic wars in our nation's history, the Hmong people bravely fought

side by side with U.S. troops resulting in 35,000 SGU casualties.
Following the Paris Peace Accords, all U.S. military personnel exited

Southeast Asia in 1973, but General Vang Pao and the SGU remained.
Laos

was then split into three factions, but after the city of Long Cheng

fell in 1975, the communist-backed Pathet Lao seized power and

retaliated against the CIA-sponsored soldiers and their families.
This

forced an estimated 20,000 Hmong to flee to Thailand to avoid

persecution before relocating to the United States.
This marked the

first wave of the Hmong Exodus, in which over 100,000 Hmong emigrated

to the U.S. between 1975 and 1997.
They settled primarily in

California, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.
Today, the Hmong population in the United States is approximately

345,000.
The City of Fresno has the second-largest Hmong population in

the country, behind only Minneapolis, with roughly 35,000 people living

in the region.
To recognize their cultural, social, political, and

economic contributions to the city, Mayor Jerry Dyer proclaimed May

14th as Hmong American Day in Fresno.
This day commemorates the

anniversary of the final airlift that brought Hmong veterans and their

families to the U.S. It also serves a reminder to celebrate generations

of Hmong Americans and their contributions in business, education,

government, healthcare, and public safety.
Fresno also has the

distinction of hosting the largest Hmong New Year celebration in the

country, attracting over 100,000 visitors each year.
In the 115th Congress, I introduced the Hmong Veterans' Service

Recognition Act to secure burial rights in national cemeteries for SGU

veterans.
It was signed into law as part of the Consolidated

Appropriations Act of 2018 and serves as a symbol of grateful Nation

for the service and loyalty of the SGU soldiers and their families.