Bringing contaminated properties back to life in our

mountains:

Many investors who are interested in developing properties

that have environmental challenges decide not to invest

because the cost of cleanup exceeds the business' benefit.
Due to the challenges associated with cleaning up Superfund

and brownfield sites, contaminated properties will sit

unoccupied for years.
The current Opportunity Zone program, which offers tax

incentives for investors to redevelop areas that are

designated as ``Opportunity Zones,'' focuses solely on low-

income communities and fails to consider the need for similar

investment in communities with additional hardships, such as

brownfields and Superfund sites.
To address this overlooked issue, I introduced the

bipartisan Economic Opportunity for Distressed Communities

Act, to designate all Superfund and brownfield areas as

Opportunity Zones and to encourage the clean-up,

redevelopment, and revitalization of these contaminated

sites.
If cleaned, brownfields and Superfund sites can be

redeveloped into new housing or business space, and promoting

cleanup and development of these sites will create jobs,

business opportunities, and increase property values in

Western North Carolina and nationwide.
Supporting small businesses in the aftermath of disaster:

The destruction left by Hurricane Helene has forced many

Western North Carolinians to depend on federal resources to

rebuild their homes and businesses.
One obstacle that stands in the way of recovery is a

current law that restricts hurricane survivors from double-

dipping in the disaster aid system by prohibiting folks from

receiving a ``duplication of benefits.''
Unfortunately, wrapped up in this law is limitation from

accessing federal loans and federal grants for the same

disaster.
That means if a business owner receives a federal

disaster recovery loan from the Small Business

Administration, they are ineligible to receive a federal

recovery grant from the $1.65 billion Community Development

Block Grant--Disaster Recovery funding that I authored and

secured in the American Relief Act.
Even though SBA loans are required to be repaid and CDBG-DR

grants are one-time payments to victims that do not require

repayment, the federal government views the two as a

``duplication of benefits.''
That's why I introduced the Helene Small Business Recovery

Act, which would temporarily waive loans from being

considered as a duplication of benefits for disasters

occurring in calendar year 2023 or 2024.
This clarification

would provide an exemption to the duplication of benefits

issue for all WNC businesses that received an SBA loan from

Hurricane Helene.
Hurricane Helene caused nearly $60 billion in damage in

WNC's mountains, and the state of North Carolina estimates at

least $30 billion of the damage was to the economy and

housing.
With damage far exceeding currently available

resources, our communities must be able to access every

possible dollar appropriated for Helene recovery.
Congress must pass this bill so that disaster survivors are

not restricted from accessing critical federal aid needed to

sustain our region's businesses and keep our families in our

mountains.
Now accepting Congressional Art Competition submissions:

The 2025 Congressional Art Competition is open, and my

office is accepting submissions from high school students

living in North Carolina's 11th congressional district.
The winner of the competition will have their artwork

displayed in the U.S. Capitol for one year.
After the Congressional Art Competition winner is selected

by a panel of judges, I'll also hold a ``Facebook Favorite''

competition posted on my official Facebook page,

@RepChuckEdwards, for Western North Carolinians to vote for

their favorite piece of art.
The annual Congressional Art Competition is a great way for

students in WNC to showcase their talent, creativity, and

passion, and I hope you'll share this with a high school

artist whom you know.
For details about the competition requirements and to

submit your artwork, visit edwards.house.gov/artcompetition

or contact my Hendersonville office with further questions.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMELIA BROWN

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.