Fresno also has the

distinction of hosting the largest Hmong New Year celebration in the

country, attracting over 100,000 visitors each year.
In the 115th Congress, I introduced the Hmong Veterans' Service

Recognition Act to secure burial rights in national cemeteries for SGU

veterans.
It was signed into law as part of the Consolidated

Appropriations Act of 2018 and serves as a symbol of grateful Nation

for the service and loyalty of the SGU soldiers and their families.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in

commemorating the resilience and enduring spirit of the Hmong people

and their contributions to the United States over the last five

decades.
May their story be our story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on the budget

reconciliation process, reforming our education system, and bills that

have been introduced:

Dear Friend,

Congress is working through a budget reconciliation process

to:

Keep taxes low for families and small businesses

Strengthen our borders

Bolster our economy

Support domestic energy production

Make the federal government more effective and efficient

for the American people

As a member of the House Budget Committee, I helped craft a

budget resolution that is serving as the framework to

accomplish an agenda that puts America First.
Now that this budget resolution has passed out of the

House, it is up to the Senate to move it forward so that we

can deliver on the priorities that an overwhelming number of

Americans have been asking for.
We are at a pivotal moment in which we can pave the way to

implement significant changes in policies to get our nation

back on track, and I will continue to support opportunities

to make life better for Western North Carolinians.
Strengthening and protecting our education systems:

President Trump took a major step forward in reforming out

education system by signing an executive order to shut down

the Department of Education.
This order paves the way for education authorities to

finally be back in the hands of the states and parents who

know what their students need to succeed best.
The historically high tax dollars funding the department

have not paid off, with repeatedly low test scores among

students, and it's time that we take a hard look at the root

causes that are preventing students from achieving their

potential.
The House is also working to protect our education system

with the passage of the Defending Education Transparency and

Ending Rogue Regimes Engaging in Nefarious Transactions Act

(DETERRENT Act).
I voted for this bill to strengthen

oversight and disclosure requirements for gifts and contracts

with foreign donors or entities.
If a foreign entity is found

to be of concern, for example--if they are connected with the

Chinese Communist Party--then this bill allows for contracts

with those concerning entities to be banned.
The CCP should not have the ability to influence our higher

education institutions or students through expensive gifts

and large donations.
This bill will stop the infiltration and

influence of bad actors on college and university campuses

and make our education systems more transparent by staying

focused on the core mission--preparing America's youth for

the workforce.
Bringing contaminated properties back to life in our

mountains:

Many investors who are interested in developing properties

that have environmental challenges decide not to invest

because the cost of cleanup exceeds the business' benefit.
Due to the challenges associated with cleaning up Superfund

and brownfield sites, contaminated properties will sit

unoccupied for years.
The current Opportunity Zone program, which offers tax

incentives for investors to redevelop areas that are

designated as ``Opportunity Zones,'' focuses solely on low-

income communities and fails to consider the need for similar

investment in communities with additional hardships, such as

brownfields and Superfund sites.