A range of views were expressed about the energy mix.
My view is that we need a mix of energy generation that includes all the things discussed today.
I am pleased to hear that the matter will be up for future discussion and I look forward to working on it with the Government—particularly on the important point of applying pressure to developers in a way that gets the pragmatic outcome that we all deserve.
I thank all Members for their contributions to the discussion.
The debate stood adjourned (Standing order No. 11(2)).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 11 July .
I wholeheartedly agree.
There are some incredibly cool alternatives to loud fireworks, and the general public really like them.
A YouGov survey recently said that drones are more popular than fireworks in the UK, and we have seen some fantastic drone displays.
There are also low-noise fireworks, but the general public still do not know quite what they are buying at the moment.
I would hazard a guess that not many people would know—until they became as nerdy as me about fireworks—the difference between an F2 and an F3 firework.
We need to enable, encourage and educate responsible members of the public on what they are buying and on the alternatives.
There is a challenge there for the fireworks lobby, which needs to diversify.
There is a hunger among the public and consumers for quieter fireworks and increased use of technology such as drones.
We need to see change now, because the public are behind us— The Deputy Speaker interrupted the business ( Standing Order No. 11(2) ).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 25 April .
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I move the Bill with sunshine in my heart.
I am an environmentalist, I have fought for years to improve the housing market in my town of Cheltenham, and I strongly believe that we all deserve a fairer deal on the cost of living.
I was elected in July after campaigning on those three issues, and I move Second Reading of the Bill with those issues in mind.
I thank hon.
Members who have taken the time to attend today’s debate, and I urge them to retain a sunny disposition for the next few hours.
I am happy to take interventions from Members from across the House, but I hope hon.
Members will not use them to throw too much shade.
I promise a warm response regardless, and I hope the Minister will provide the same.
Today, we can all make a commitment to a brighter future by backing the sunshine Bill.
It will be a future in which people have lower household bills; we are less reliant on dirty and expensive fossil fuels, often imported from abroad; and the country’s energy supplies are more secure.
This future is a vision supported by voters across political divides, as well as by industry.
Before I get to the core of my speech, I ask hon.
Members to think back a few short years, to the start of the energy bills crisis.
Householders endured a 54% rise in the energy price cap in April 2022, and bills remain 43% higher than they were before the crisis.
That caused widespread fuel poverty.
We witnessed another shocking increase in food bank use, businesses went bust, jobs were lost and family holiday plans were cancelled.
The crisis also laid bare how short-sighted past ideological decisions were to slow down the roll-out of renewable technologies.
Imagine an alternative.
Imagine that more homes included solar power generation during that crisis, and in the ongoing crisis.
Bills could and should have been hundreds of pounds lower for everyone; householders would have been insulated against higher bills; and our nation would have been safer and stronger.
Food banks would have been less busy, and the Government would not have been forced to give such large subsidies to ensure that people could get by.
At the heart of the discussion is a pressing need to tackle twin crises: the cost of living and climate change.
As hon.
Members will know, the climate change discussion often leads us to debate difficult trade-offs—the Government are grappling with those and they have my good wishes in doing so—but solar energy generation on new build homes is very much not in that category.
The Bill helps us to tackle the cost of living and climate change—a clear win-win.
MCS Foundation research has shown that the payback period for a solar array on a three-bedroom semi-detached house is just four years, when that array is combined with other technologies that will be widely available in the next few years.
Over a 25-year mortgage, the savings stand at a whopping £38,000.
Solar technology also offers homeowners the chance to profit directly.
The Energy Saving Trust estimates that a typical household could make between £270 and £400 a year.
On the environmental side, research by Solar Energy UK shows that buildings accounted for 20% of all UK emissions in 2023.
The Government have placed building new homes at the heart of their agenda, which I support.
I genuinely welcome today’s Second Reading of the Bill.
Having brought two private Members’ Bills through Parliament from the Back Benches, I wish the hon.
Gentleman every success; it can be a long journey.
Will he say more about the impact of solar panels on the environment and the green belt?
In the shift towards using more solar panels, I fear many of the panels will be installed on prime agricultural land.
I am disappointed that in Walsall, the planning inspector has just given permission for a battery storage facility on the edge of my constituency, right by a conservation area.
I feel strongly that we need to look at alternative places for solar panels in order to protect communities and our green belt.
The right hon.
Lady is entirely right.
She and Members across the House will have noted that the Campaign to Protect Rural England has taken a strong interest in this issue and in the Bill, for precisely the reasons she describes, with which I have a lot of sympathy.
Efficient use of land and space in this country is extremely important.
If we are to achieve the new home building targets that the Government have set out, we must ensure that new build homes are equipped for the challenges of the future, which include climate change and looking after our environment.
If we do not change the standards for new housing stock, we not only miss an economic opportunity but put the environment at risk.
The Government’s own advisory body, the Climate Change Committee, has advised that the UK will not meet  its emissions targets without the “near complete decarbonisation” of housing stock.
That is why it is so important that the new Government, specifically the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change, have moved the conversation along, not least as shown by the answer to a question that I asked the right hon.
Gentleman before Christmas, in which he said he was “very sympathetic” to the case for mandatory solar panels on new build homes.
He is right.
The case for updating the regulations is irrefutable.
The regulations that govern building work are set out in the Building Act 1984, which is the year I was born, and  the Building Regulations 2010, which is so long ago that Members will be disturbed to learn that I still had a large Brylcreem bill in those days.
The previous Government consulted on the future homes standard, but we were not able to respond before the general election.
It is heartening that the current Government have promised a response and to pick up that work.
There will of course be strong pushback from some developers, who will default to thinking about profit only.
I understand that profit motive, but I urge developers to think about the planet and what their customers are demanding.
I am pleased to see the Bill in the House today, but am not quite so entranced by the hon.
Member’s puns, or by his making me feel completely and utterly ancient.
Setting aside that niggle, on a serious point, does he agree that it is important for us to have a secure supply chain for solar panels, and that we eliminate the use of solar panels built by Uyghur people subject to forced labour in China?
The hon.
Member makes a very reasonable point.
We need to be clear that our supply chains in this country are free from slave labour.
That is a matter for Government procurement rules, and I understand that measures on that will come to the House in due course.
As I was saying, I understand the developers’ motives and why some will push back, but developers know what we all know, which is that the technology already exists and that implementing the measures in the sunshine Bill will be relatively straightforward for them.
Solar panel technology has been available for many years and the construction industry is accustomed to working with it.
Mandating installation at the construction stage is logical; it removes the burden from homeowners, and places the responsibility with the developer.