The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
He will recall that if we go back more than a decade, there was a thriving solar energy industry in this country.
Sadly, we have taken steps back over the last few years when it comes to the skills pipeline.
I know that issue is on this Government’s agenda, and I welcome that.
On the date on which we might look at this, we hope that further education colleges will put on courses to train people up, and that there would be more industry work, too.
Will the hon.
Member explain why his Bill excludes the use of solar thermal panels?
The Bill focuses on solar photovoltaics.
Solar thermal panels are a different type of technology and are not covered by the Bill.
I would also like to thank CPRE.
The right hon.
Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton)  spoke earlier about the preservation of land and fields in green areas, and the CPRE is specifically interested from that perspective.
This is becoming increasingly worrying, because we are now starting to see policy on grey belt.
I fear that if we do not thoroughly grasp the issue of where solar panels, battery storage and all the other renewables infrastructure should go, we risk green belt being all of a sudden redefined as grey belt, in a few years’ time, and being built on.
The right hon.
Lady speaks powerfully for her constituency, which I know has a specific issue.
We mentioned housing developers, and one housing developer has put its head above the parapet to support the Bill.
I am grateful for the support of Thakeham, and it is to be applauded for supporting the measure.
Developers should support the Bill for sound business reasons.
There is a clear market preference for homes with solar panels, and a relatively small proportion of the price will be rewarded with a decent payback, and customers want them.
Politically, there is demonstrable cross-party support.
In the last Parliament, 79% of Members were found to be supportive, and I suspect the percentage is higher in this new Parliament.
The climate barometer tracks support for mandatory solar panels on new builds and found a clear majority of support among all parties’ voters, so doing this would place us at the centre of political gravity.
Some 80% of Conservative voters, 89% of Labour voters, 92% of Liberal Democrat voters and 63% of Reform supporters responded to the survey in favour of  mandatory solar panels for new build homes.
Those same constituents rightly look to us to make the right and logical decisions on these matters.
They back the measure because all the evidence points to clear benefits at every level, including the Government’s positive agenda on energy and climate.
MCS Foundation research has found that mandatory solar panels on 1.5 million homes would be the equivalent of two additional Sizewell C nuclear power stations, which should give us all pause for thought.
For a country that struggles to build infrastructure, we must not look past these easier, small-scale wins.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on introducing the Bill.
He talks about the nuclear power that may not be needed if we have solar panels on houses.
Does he have a view on how much pressure we could take off demand on green land for solar farms, because many people have concerns about that use of green land, if we had solar panels on new builds?
My strong suspicion is that the market will help to decide the answer to that question, but it is inevitable that if we produce more energy from some sources, it will lower demand in other areas.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
I visited Hinkley Point on a school trip as an 11-year-old and was told, very excitedly, that a new Hinkley C was on the way.
I regret to tell the House that I am now 40 and, on current projections, Hinkley C is not expected to generate any power until I am at least 44.
On the point of time, the new homes built today will outlast us all.
If we can make them work better for the planet, they will be a lasting testament to this House’s efforts to tackle climate change, and they will offer protections against the energy shocks we have all endured too.
That is what we have the chance to do today, if Ministers are willing to support the principles of the sunshine Bill.
We cannot and should not let this opportunity pass us by, and it is our duty to build a political consensus here to match the consensus among members of the public.
So to paraphrase the great Morecambe and Wise in the song that shares the informal name we have given to this Bill, let our arms be as warm as the sun up above, and let us think about how much joy we can give to each brand new bright tomorrow—if only we can lower people’s energy bills and help to tackle climate change too.