I am glad that the Bill has been brought forward.
There are so many good things in it, and I want to ensure that the country as a whole can embrace the future of solar power generation where people live, right in the heart of communities and on their homes.
I have moved in the past year or so to ground level, as many people in my constituency know and frequently comment about on Facebook.
I have lived most of my adult life in tower blocks, and one of the great things  about 1960s council tower blocks is that there are fantastic views over everybody’s roofs.
In all the decades I lived in those tower blocks, it was apparent that we are missing out in this country.
So much acreage on rooftops is empty and devoid of power generation, while other countries have leapt ahead and taken advantage.
At the same time, I have seen where this has not quite worked.
I watched a new council housing block being built right next to the previous place I lived in.
Over its rooftops, I saw the solar panels go in and then saw what the problems were, where the management company and the local council were not quite able to make it work and to generate power for people there.
The solar panels were for a long time unused and not functioning.
That is the sign of a technology that was not quite mature, and it is only in the past five years that that  has happened.
When, like me, Members go around their constituencies, they will see lots of solar panels on houses and have lots of conversations with people in pubs who have installed them on their houses.
Some people will have had a great experience and will talk at length about how it has reduced their bills, and unfortunately others tell of the problems and challenges of getting connected to the grid and making it work.
That is not a reason not to do it, but it is a reason to have a clear eye as we go forward on this change.
Hopefully, the Minister will talk about how we can ensure that this policy is successful in future.
There are loads of opportunities, but we should not lose sight of other opportunities as well.
One of the most impressive things I have seen in my constituency from an industrial side is the cluster of factories around Kemsley paper mill from DS Smith.
A third of the cardboard produced in the UK is recycled in that one location.
It is part of a set of factories that use their waste products and heat to generate power themselves in a circular carbon economy.
A key part is more traditional forms of power production.
For instance, all the cardboard that is not used in those factories and that cannot be recycled is turned into electricity, and carbon capture is used.
The carbon capture process is then used to support work in other factories, such as the production of plasterboard, and the waste heat is used.
The factories are already doing great work, and they want to expand further with solar power, particularly on an old landfill site, which is perfectly placed.
That is a great opportunity, but there are also the factory roofs.
Not all the buildings are suitable, but as we build on that cluster and can generate power locally, and as we build more homes around them and in that area to provide power, solar power has an important part to play.
I very much want to see that we are able to change our building regulations and to ensure they meet the needs and opportunities from factories, but, at the same time, we must not close our eyes to the fact that there are many other ways of ensuring that we reach a zero-carbon future.
Fixing the housing crisis is absolutely not mutually exclusive with fixing the climate crisis.
The hon.
Member rightly identified the cost of living crisis and the climate crisis.
I would add in the housing crisis as a third part of that, and I can see he does not disagree.
This point has been made a few times, but it is almost as if there is a tension between protecting our natural environment and making progress on renewable energy sources.
It is not a choice between the two; one is central to the other.
As a former councillor, I know that it is vital that community voices are heard in this.
If there is one thing that upsets local communities, it is when they are not involved in conversations on matters that directly impact them and the areas they live in.
Does my hon.
Friend agree?
I wholeheartedly agree.
I gave the example of a power generator on a roof not working, and that came down to the fact that the local community was not involved.
The residents on the block saw no benefit from it, but it was causing them problems, including leaks in the roof and all sorts of other stuff.
It is vital that we have not just a circular energy economy but a circular economic and monetary economy so that people see the benefits in their pockets as well as in the lights and heating in their homes.
I am keen to hear from the Minister what the Government plan to do to change the building regulations, meet the aspirations in the Bill and ensure that we have a comprehensive strategy to progress towards a zero-carbon, net zero future, while ensuring that that does not get in the way of tackling local environmental problems—biodiversity and so on—or the housing and cost of living crises.
Those things are all joined up.
That is how developers will work and deliver, and how we can ensure that that happens.
We all know that implementation is the tricky part  of policy.
The intention is very straightforward—and this Bill is full of great intentions—but getting the implementation right will be the challenge.
We have had 14 years of hot and cold climate policy.
Sometimes the previous Government went hell for leather on tackling climate change; at other points, they did not seem so certain.
As well as developers, businesses and households have struggled with that, because they have not been sure of the direction of travel.
I am hopeful that our new Government will now focus on stability as a key plank of our growth agenda, giving developers, communities and households the certainty they need to plan together.
Everyone is looking for that framework.
Some areas and towns face greater challenges on housing and housing need.
In Sheerness in my constituency, for example, the housing stock is of deteriorating quality.
Much of it is post-war council housing, which, unsurprisingly in a coastal area, is not lasting and has high maintenance costs.
We need a comprehensive renewal that brings in not just better housing, but the opportunity to leapfrog several stages in environmental learning and energy production, and ensures that energy production is brought into the heart of towns in my constituency and those of other hon.
Members.
My hon.
Friend is speaking with great passion about his constituents—that is always great to hear.
When it comes to new homes, we must consider their efficiency from top to bottom.
The Bill will add solar panels to new homes—we all welcome that, and I am happy to support it—but we must go further by ensuring that our homes are as efficient, warm and cheap to heat as  possible.
In Scotland, the private Member’s Bill introduced by Alex Rowley MSP could mean that all homes in Scotland are built to the Passivhaus standard, which I think is the gold standard right now.
Does my hon.
Friend think that we should aspire to that?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for coming in on that point, and I very much agree.
Although my constituency is generally not quite as cold and damp as parts of Scotland, it is pretty cold and damp, and when the wind comes along the Swale it can get quite cold, as people who live in north Kent will know.
The quality of housing stock, including insulation, needs attention.
That is what I mean by a comprehensive picture; it is about not just power generation, but ensuring that we do not waste power and that the effect is ultimately felt in people’s pockets.
I know that other Members will talk with greater expertise and in greater depth about things happening in their constituencies and the opportunities that they see, and I look forward to listening to them.
As we move forward, we must learn from past mistakes and from current great practice, and ensure that these policies actually work, unlike in the false starts of the past.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his good fortune in securing a place in the ballot in order to introduce what is, without doubt, a very important Bill.
I am, however, concerned about the scope of the Bill, and I will come to that in a moment, if I may—I do not propose to take very long.
For many years, I have consistently opposed the installation of solar farms—of course, they are not farms at all—on agricultural land.
In east Kent, we are losing grade 1 agricultural land far too frequently, both to development and to be used for solar power generation.
It is completely unnecessary.
As I have said many times, both in this House and outside it, we have acres and acres of rooftops in public ownership, on public buildings—schools, hospitals and prisons—in addition to acres of car park space, which the French would be covering in solar panels.
If we use all of that, I can see no need whatsoever to use for these purposes fine agricultural land that should be used for growing crops for feeding people.
That is why I think that the scope of the Bill, good though it may be, does not go far enough.
We must look, not just at new build, but at what exists and what can and should be done.
By the bye, I would go a stage further and say that we should not only be looking at solar panels, but at grey water systems.
We waste gallons and gallons of water off the rooftops of this country, which of course cannot then soak into the land because we have covered it in tarmac, so it is not replenishing the aquifers.
That water ought to be used for flushing lavatories and matters that do not require potable water.
Again, I think there is a trick that may have been missed.
Quite clearly, what is going to happen is that the developers and the builders will scream like stuck pigs.
For why?
Let us take a development in Herne Bay in my constituency.
I will not name the developer, because I would hate to upset Taylor Wimpey, but it has avoided installing electric vehicle charging points because there is a bit of wriggle room—the amount that it would add  to the cost of the property—that allows it to get off the hook.
I do not doubt that installing solar panels initially would add to the first purchase price of the property, which of course might eat into profit, and we would hate to see that.
But this is essential.
We have to do this, and it is long past time.
I notice that the Bill gives 2026 as the start date; I can see no reason whatsoever why we should not start immediately and say that, from now on, every new build should be fitted with photovoltaic panels.
There is another issue, which is the design of the technology.
We all know that retrofitted solar panels are pretty unattractive—hideous, to be blunt about it.
It surprises me that, in this day and age, those developing this technology have not gone far enough and fast enough to develop attractive panels that are simply roofs like any other roof.
It has got to be possible to develop a photovoltaic tile that could be used on listed buildings, but that has not happened.
I just want to advise the right hon.
Member that several products of the type he is referencing are available on the market at the moment.
If the hon.
Gentleman can tell me of a photovoltaic tile that is acceptable to the people who are enforcing regulations relating to listed buildings, I would be delighted to hear it.
That is what I was trying to come on to before I was interrupted.
Kent, a wonderful county, has very many grade II listed buildings, and at present, it is not permitted to use solar panels—or solar tiles, as I would like to see them—on those listed buildings.
It is not even permitted on other buildings, outbuildings, cottages or whatever within the curtilage of a listed building.
That rules out a considerable quantity of property that can and should accommodate solar panels.
King’s College in Cambridge, one of the oldest and most prestigious heritage buildings, now has a fine array of solar panels that it managed to get through planning permission.
Does the right hon.
Member agree that what we need in planning terms is for material weight to be given to climate change, as well as conservation status?
That is where the crux of the matter is.
It would allow all those who are responsible for listed homes or who have homes in conservation areas to do energy efficiency in the right way.
Up to a point, I agree with the hon.
Lady, but only up to a point.
I do not want to see the fine buildings of Kent smothered in hideous installations, so we have to find a way technically of making the panels acceptable.
I accept entirely that retrofitting is much harder than new build.
It is possible to inset photovoltaic panels into a new roof on a new build, but it is much harder to retrofit it attractively.
I would like to see us make much more effort to go down that road, so that we come up with products that are acceptable across the board—not just for new build, but for existing buildings.
It is essential that this Bill has a Second Reading, and I will be supporting it today.
There are flaws in it, but that is what the Committee stage is about, and we  should allow the Bill to go into Committee.
If I may say to the hon.
Member for Cheltenham, there is rather too much wriggle room.
I can see canny developers finding ways of exploiting some of the exemptions, if we are not careful, that he has written into the Bill.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that an unintended consequences of this Bill could be that it is no longer possible to build a new thatched house?
In Dorset and Hampshire, we welcome people who are developing new thatched houses.
How will that work with this Bill?
The Bill does accommodate exemptions, and my hon.
Friend makes a case in point.
In the village I live in, we have thatched buildings, and I would like to see more of them.
There may be cases where an exemption should be permitted, but looking at the Bill as it stands, it seems that these loopholes are wide open to exploitation, and they will have to be tightened up.
That, however, is the purpose of the Committee.
Let us give the Bill its Second Reading, get it into Committee, amend it and bring it back on Report and Third Reading, and then let us see it become law.
One of my previous employers used to run a competition for schoolchildren.
They asked them to draw a picture of a better future where we tackled our climate and ecological crises.
The entries were displayed on a wall close to my office, and many times a day I passed them and looked at them.
Many young people had chosen to show a contrast.
On one side of the page was often a burning world—now painfully familiar from our news feeds, as our dear friends in California find their world set alight, and I am also reminded to remember our neighbours here in the UK still reeling from our recent floods.
The children’s pictures were sadly a good predictor of the threat, but on the other side of the page, where they showed their hope for tomorrow, children often drew homes surrounded by trees with happy people playing outside in the sunshine.
Without fail, on the rooftops of the houses in those pictures were solar panels.
Our children understood that a bright and sustainable future depends on clean and sustainable energy.
Our Government’s mission to make the UK a clean energy superpower is a direct response to the climate crisis and a clear mission to make energy secure and affordable.
Photovoltaics fit the bill perfectly—simple, reliable and effective, they are the purest form of renewable energy, converting photons directly into electrical power, and we can place that power directly in the hands of homeowners.
The need for us to embrace solar power as part of a suite of energy technologies for a sustainable future  is clear.
Alongside offshore wind and underpinned by storage using green hydrogen, solar photovoltaic is a key technology for the UK to decarbonise its electricity and all the sectors and use cases that we electrify.
While the use of land for solar generation is rightly contended, we have a vast and perfectly designed, yet barely tapped, resource on our rooftops.
Residents in my constituency are aghast that a mega 840 MW solar farm is being proposed by the Blenheim estate, which, people believe, has not allowed solar panels to be placed on the houses it has developed in the area.
Does the hon.
Member agree that placing solar panels on the roofs of houses is a much better way to diversify solar panels and build the community consent for the renewable transition that is part of the Government’s mission?
I fully agree.
Many people have told me that, intuitively, they would like solar to be put on roofs first.
I think there is strong consensus that that should be our direction.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna)  talked about some of the challenges of retrofitting.
We need to listen to the social science, harness new initiatives such as GB Energy and activate local authorities to empower ordinary people to retrofit solar.
We must develop ways for people to easily access trusted partners to help them decarbonise their homes and save money as a result.
The average price to install solar panels post build is somewhere between £5,000 and £8,000.
The majority of people do not have that kind of cash stuck down the back of the sofa.
Does the hon.
Member agree that supporting the Bill is an investment both in our environment and in reducing energy bills for all new homeowners, not just those who have the cash to do so?
I agree.
As we face a transition in a range of technologies—my professional background is in heat—it is important that we put consumers at the heart of that and ensure that it works for them, and that we find ways to make it accessible, easy, affordable and beneficial to embrace new technologies.
There are new business models available that can help us do that—heat as a service, for example—and we need to embrace those.
But whatever we do as we navigate the transition, it is vital that we put people at the heart of what we build.
Having worked in the energy sector for 20 years, there is one comment that I have heard, and uttered myself, very many times—more than I can possibly count: “We should be putting solar on every new home.”
There are very few no-brainers in politics, but if any exist, surely that is one of them.
We have the opportunity to make a crucial change, to stop growing the problem and start solving it.
Putting solar power on every new home will save people money.
It will boost our national renewable capacity.
It will be a crucial step in our mission for clean energy.
And it will mean that for our children, who hope for a better future for people and our planet, we can begin to deliver the homes that they have always dreamed of.