I am pleased that the Government are already exploring rooftop solar panels on new build houses in the “Clean Power 2030” action plan, which aims to have at least 95% of Great Britain’s electricity produced by clean energy by 2030.
The Government relaunched the solar taskforce quickly after the general election, bringing together experts from the Government and industry.
The taskforce’s road map is due to be published in the spring, and it will set out recommendations for how we can triple the UK’s solar capacity by 2030.
I look forward to that.
The pylon issue has been brought up.
I grew up and lived in a home under a pylon for nearly 50 years, and I do not think it has done me any harm.
I know that the Government are due to introduce further standards later this year.
They will set our new homes and buildings on a path away from reliance on volatile fossil fuels, and they will ensure that those homes and buildings are fit for a net zero future.
I am sure the Minister will expand on that.
As well as new builds, it is important that people know that assistance packages are out there to help them with installing solar panels on existing homes.
That includes the energy company obligation, the warm homes local grant and the warm homes social housing fund.
Owners of solar panels can also be paid for the surplus electricity their solar panels generate through the smart export guarantee, and there is a zero rate of VAT on residential solar panels.
Much of what has being covered in this debate is devolved, although Members may not have known that I was Welsh.
To my constituents in Gower and across Wales, I point to the Welsh Government’s Nest programme, which can provide free energy efficiency improvements, including solar panels, to those eligible.
The Bill states that it “extends to England and Wales.”
Of course, the hon.
Member for Cheltenham will be aware that building regulations are devolved.
What conversations has he had with the Welsh Government or Members of the Senedd about this?
I am sure that the Welsh Labour Government would be delighted to work alongside the UK Labour Government—they probably are already doing so—to ensure that homes are more energy efficient and that our constituents have the opportunity to save money on their bills.
The important thing about the path forward is that the Government should work with house builders to get the best outcomes for both our environmental targets and our housing targets.
We must also build high-quality, sustainable and affordable homes.
As has been mentioned by many, the scope of the Bill does not cover roofs other than those on new builds, so I highlight the need for solar panels on all roofs.
As  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  said, we must take the agricultural land that we need for food to feed our country into consideration, and we must strike a fair and right balance.
I know that  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  has also raised that issue.
I feel very passionately that we must not do down one or the other.
We must be aware that there are problems, particularly with tenant farmers and how they are being treated by companies.
Where there are bad actors, I know that our Government—my Government—will seek to find them.
I hope that the Government will work in collaboration with farmers, who may need to have a blend and have solar farms on their land, as well as with tenant farmers.
I know that the Government are committed to find a workable way forward on this issue.
I thank the hon.
Member for Cheltenham for the chance to highlight it in this debate and for the sunshine he has brought.
As the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for energy security and net zero, I am delighted to support the private Member’s Bill of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) : the sunshine Bill.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I am beaming.
South Cambridgeshire is one of the fastest growing constituencies in the country in terms of house building and lab space.
People constantly say to me, “Why are all of these new homes without solar panels on their roofs?”
or “Why do these new homes only have one or two solar panels or only on part of the roofs?”
Sadly, in 2025, developers are still required only to meet—not exceed—the Merton rule’s inadequate 10% energy improvement standard.
That is why Liberal Democrat councillors in my constituency have been pushing hard to change this at the local level.
In fact, in the five years since they took control of the council, South Cambridgeshire has rapidly become the district with the highest number of solar panels fitted and with the fastest increase in planning applications that include solar panels.
It is the lack of ambition and political will at the national level that has held back the revolution in solar rooftops.
That is why we are still building homes that are cold and damp and that have skyrocketing energy bills.
The former Conservative Government disgracefully scrapped the zero carbon homes policy, and dithered and delayed on the future homes standard.
Earlier,  the hon.
Member for Waveney Valley (Adrian Ramsay)  lamented—in good faith—the drawdown of environmental pledges in 2016.
Of course, that was not the coalition Government; what we saw and what we got is what happens when the Liberal Democrats are no longer there to hold people to account.
It will not surprise anyone to hear that I agree wholeheartedly.
The record has been corrected.
It is vital that the Bill helps to repair that damage, and we look forward to the Minister’s commitment to bringing about these changes.
As has been mentioned, the lack of ambition on the solar rooftop revolution has contributed to the barrier to public acceptance of larger scale solar farms.
We are hearing people say, “Why not put panels on the rooftops of homes, industrial sites and commercial warehouses first?”
We need a joined-up plan; we need the Government urgently to bring forward the much-promised land use framework and the National Energy System Operator’s strategic spatial energy plan, which will show how much solar farm energy is still needed and where it would be best placed.
In that way, we can meet all our needs.
The Bill is our chance to get this right.
It is our chance for a cleaner, greener and more secure future that addresses the triple cost of living, housing and climate crises and takes people with us.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham.