I have had the pleasure of visiting many local schools in Kettering since being elected.
On every visit, children have told me that they are worried about our local environment and the future of our world, and I feel those worries too.
I was proud to stand on a manifesto that promised to make Britain a clean energy superpower, and which pledged to double onshore wind, triple solar power and quadruple offshore wind by 2030.
I am even prouder to see the progress that this Labour Government have already made in delivering on those pledges.
Only two weeks after the election, when most of us, including me, still did not know the way from the Chamber to Portcullis House, the Secretary of State lifted the ban on onshore wind, established the 2030 mission control centre and consented to solar projects that will generate more than 1.3 GW—enough to power almost 400,000 homes.
This is clearly a Government of delivery, who are working to drive forward and increase rooftop solar, which, where appropriate, will help accommodate the Government’s 2030 clean power mission.
The potential for rooftop solar is huge, especially in constituencies such as mine, which is one of the fastest-growing areas in the UK and, of course, where the sun always shines.
I have been contacted by many constituents about this issue, and they support the Government’s aim to achieve 95% clean energy by 2030.
I understand their desire for solar and the need for it on new builds, warehouses and the ground, so I am glad that this Government have committed to ensuring that local communities continue to have a voice in planning matters, and that communities hosting clean energy infrastructure will benefit from it.
The speed of house building in Kettering means that we are no strangers to irresponsible and difficult developers, so our commitments to the environment must go hand in hand with planning.
I know that the Government will introduce standards on house building this year to ensure that our new homes and buildings are fit for a net zero future, but we also need to ensure that developers cannot shirk their responsibilities to the environment and to local residents.
Our house building needs to be sustainable so that local people can trust that their needs, and the needs of the environment, are being met.
The Government’s national planning policy framework is a lesson in how we can deliver the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in a generation while unlocking green energy and recognising the benefits of our best agricultural land, and all while making vital commitments to use planning to enhance the natural and local environment, protect valued landscapes, and recognise the character and beauty of the countryside.
I am grateful to have had this opportunity to put on the record my support for rooftop solar and for this Government’s commitment to our environment in Kettering and beyond.
The 1.5° global temperature limit was passed for the first time ever in 2024.
This politically significant milestone is a stark reminder that we must leave no stone unturned as we make the systemic changes required to every part of our economy for a safe future.
Rooftop solar is one of the easiest of the changes that we can make.
As  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  said, it is a “win-win-win” policy that helps cut people’s bills and climate emissions, and helps strengthen our energy security.
Research and development of rooftop solar is already a British success story—we are world leaders—so it is time to take the next step and maximise deployment of on-site solar generation in new builds.
That is the aim of the sunshine Bill, and I am pleased to have co-sponsored this proposal to create new jobs, to drive innovation yet further, and to generate abundant amounts of energy both while the sun shines and, as  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  pointed out, when it does not.
Making solar panels mandatory on suitable new homes is almost universally popular—other than with some major house builders.
That is what I want to focus on during the short time available to me.
Solar Energy UK estimates that, of the 15 GW of solar power capacity currently in place, around two thirds is on the ground and the remainder is on residential and commercial roofs.
If we are to meet the Government’s targets to ramp up solar capacity—which I hope we do—we should be looking up.
Some 80% of the buildings that we will have in 2050 have already been built, so we must work hard to retrofit them with renewables, but the remaining 20% have still to be built.
For goodness’ sake, let’s build them right the first time.
That is where private housing developers come into the mix.
The British designer and “Grand Designs” presenter Kevin McCloud wrote last year that in 15 years’ time the average profit on each new build home has rocketed from £6,000 to £63,000.
I call on Ministers to stand up to the major house builders and ensure that they pay the cost of putting solar on every suitable new roof.
The organisation 100% Renewable UK has calculated that mandatory solar panels and heat pumps in new homes would add around £8,000 to the cost of a new home—an amount that decreases as installations gather speed.
Clearly, housing developers can afford that cost, and neither they nor anyone else can afford the consequences of not meeting our solar or other climate targets.
The Los Angeles wildfires are on track to be among the costliest in US history, as well as the most heartbreaking, with losses already expected to exceed £109.7 billion.
Failing to decarbonise at speed, in line with the climate science, will dwarf the cost of future-proofing our homes.
The moral case for acting is unequivocal, and so too is the economic one.
If Ministers are worried about the risk of solar costs being passed on to homebuyers, the Government could simply stop that happening.
They could also offer interest-free loans for this technology, and make it easier for retail lenders to drive rooftop deployments.
Property-linked finance or green mortgages can help consumers with the capital costs of installation, as could regulation to  incentivise low interest rates for green mortgages.
These are all political choices that the Government could make.
The sunshine Bill is not just about solar panels but about—forgive me—shining some sunlight on who has the power.
Making every home a mini power station would help rebalance that power towards communities.
I therefore very much hope that the Government will today choose to back both a solar rooftop revolution and mandatory solar being included in the future homes standard, rather than choosing to protect the vested interests that are behind the vast and ultimately unsustainable house builders’ profits.