The Bill’s aims, in promoting the installation of solar panels on all new homes, feed into the Government’s overall intent, and I am pleased about that.
I note, however, that it is undeniable that solar farms, especially the larger ones, are much more efficient than rooftop solar for a whole spectrum of reasons.
Rooftop solar panels are constrained by the size, orientation and  structural limitations of individual buildings, while solar farms are optimised for maximum energy generation.
The difference in output can be as high as 30%.
Economies of scale mean that the cost to install, maintain and centralise the supportive infrastructure notably reduces the ratio of cost per unit of energy generated by solar farms.
That is not to say that I do not support rooftop solar, because I very much do, but solar farms are a highly scalable, cost-effective means through which to achieve the green energy transition.
Is that not exactly the point—we need to do both, because that creates a subsidy for more opportunities to have rooftop solar panels?
I completely agree.
It is not about one solution versus another, but a diverse, broad array of solutions, all feeding into a grand, greener future.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a balance.
My view is that solar is better on rooftops, but if he is so pro-solar installations, how many thousand acres in his constituency is he actively campaigning to see turned into ground-mounted solar?
I must say that I declare my support for those projects wherever they come up.
Indeed, I will touch on some of them in a moment.
I was recently asked by the media whether I would be happy to have pylons outside my house, to which I responded with a photograph of a pylon taken from a window in my house.
I have long felt that despite the great benefits solar farms bring, they have often been too difficult to bring forward.
The UK has around 15 GW of solar energy generation capacity.
In Germany, meanwhile, solar capacity grew by 14 GW in 2023 alone.
It is clear that the UK’s current planning regime and approach to building infrastructure constrains growth and sees us lag behind similar nations.
If we want Britain to be a clean energy superpower, as I do, and leading the green energy revolution rather than just following it, we must tear down the barriers to growth and unlock our potential.
In my constituency, my Labour colleagues on Erewash borough council have, in their own small, local way, helped to be part of the change that we need.
Since taking control of the council in 2023, they have approved several solar farms, while the previous Conservative administration always blocked them, and I am very proud of my colleagues for doing so.
I was also very proud to tell the now Energy Secretary that information when he visited Erewash this time last year.
The progression of these vital infrastructure projects, which are pivotal to the future of our country, must be driven by a national strategy and not held up by bureaucracy.
As I have said, the Bill’s proposals are laudable.
The drive to green energy generation along with this Government’s ambition to make Britain a clean energy superpower could be, to this decade and to those to come, what the race for space was in the 1950s and 1960s—countries engaged in a great contest of scientific innovation and progress.
There is nothing that I, as a former research scientist, could welcome more than the Government pursuing science, innovation and technology as a matter of not only core policy, but national pride.
This Government are committed to greatly expanding our provision of solar energy generation and have acknowledged many times the significant part that rooftop solar has to play in that expansion.
I hope that supporters of this Bill are assured by the Government’s genuine commitment on this front.
The climate crisis and the housing crisis are both profound issues, worthy of the descriptor “crisis” and in need of immediate action.
I know that many right hon.
and hon.
Members share the Government’s commitment to act here, as I most certainly do.
I pay tribute to my neighbour and hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for so boldly taking up this cause.
His so-named sunshine Bill, which to my mind reflects his own disposition so brightly—as though it was his own glowing cranium—[Laughter.]
I may only speculate what it was that attracted my hon.
Friend to discuss a Bill regarding the promotion of shiny surfaces atop well-built structures—we can only guess.
Does he agree that as this Bill moves forward, it is absolutely essential that the Government work across parties to build a consensus, including all those experts and those passionate in this subject, and to work together to ensure that it is successfully delivered for the betterment of all our residents?
My hon.
Friend has so eloquently put across the pragmatism that we can enjoy from Liberal Democrats in working across parties for the benefit of our constituents, and I thank him for that.
This undertaking by my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham has been brought up consistently on doorsteps across the Tewkesbury constituency in recent years.
Widely considered to be a blindingly obvious antidote to rising energy bills and the phasing out of fossil fuels, people have tended to ask, with an exasperated tone, why on earth new homes are not built with solar panels by mandate.
As my hon.
Friend has described, the public roundly support such measures, with one poll registering 70% support.
Whether or not the New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill goes to a vote today, I hope that the Government will recognise the alignment with their environmental pledges and that they will take the ball and run with it.