Just after the general election, Ministers made the shock decision that the Sunnica solar farm in Ely and East Cambridgeshire would go ahead, despite the planning  inspector’s recommendation that it should not.
The farm will cover a vast area of our green space, using up prime farming land—land that could be set aside for the benefit of nature, and land that we might have used to build much-needed new homes.
No sooner had that solar farm got permission than the lovely glossy leaflets for the next one came through the door about the next consultation, on an even bigger solar farm across my constituency, and others.
Yet, as we have heard, we have acres and acres of roof space that we could put solar panels on.
Why are we not doing that?
A couple of years ago, I was on a planning committee visit to a new housing estate that was being built, and I noticed that there was just one, or sometimes two, solar panel on each roof.
I said to the developer, “Why just one or two?
That’s hardly making a dent in things.”
His answer was, “That was all we were required to do.”
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, because I am a councillor on Mid Sussex district council.
Some four years ago, I was sitting in training on a cross-party basis with Conservatives, Greens, Independents and Liberal Democrats, and we asked our planning officers, “Why can’t we mandate that all new builds have solar panels on the roof?”
We were told that we were not allowed to, because it was not in the NPPF as it stood at that time.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in order to make the case for house building and tackle the housing emergency, we need to be able to convince the public that we are building high-quality houses that are fit for a climate crisis and that are energy efficient to reduce bills?
I entirely agree.
We had a similar frustration when looked at revising our local plan, because we wanted to put things in about energy efficiency.
South Oxfordshire and Vale of White Horse district councils’ brilliant new joint local plan proposes that new homes should be net zero, with solar being the obvious way of delivering that, but that ambitious plan is now sat with the Government inspector, and we are in his hands.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that local authorities should be empowered to deliver on their net zero ambitions?
I agree, because we were advised that we could not do what we wanted with our local plan, as it would have gone beyond the national planning policy framework.
The local community want to do it, so we should be empowered to do it.
I entirely support the Bill, because it would make so much sense to everybody if we were to make sure that all new builds had adequate solar panels on them or, where appropriate, an alternative form of green energy production, so that people end up with houses that are not destroying the climate and where they can actually afford their fuel bills.
It is quite a long time ago now, but I remember when I bought my first house.
I had carefully planned out all the costs to determine whether I could afford the mortgage and everything else, and then the winter came, I started getting my fuel bills and I thought, “Oops, this is a bit difficult.”
I do not want that to happen to people.
I want them to move into their new house and have low energy bills.
It is not in this Bill, but the Government have the power to do this: we must make retrofitting solar panels a good deal easier.
It must be made easier for people to get the connection certificates they need, because that is a problem, and I am already getting casework about it.
I commend Cambridgeshire county council, because it has a scheme whereby local people can register to join in with a group purchase, on which the county council does the due diligence.
That means that people know that the supplier and the contractor are good, responsible, reliable people and they also get the discount of bulk buying.
I commend the council on that scheme.
The Bill is a brilliant start to making sure that this country can get to net zero and that people have warm homes that they can afford to heat.
I begin by making a declaration of interest: my former employer, CPRE, the countryside charity, is a supporter of the Bill.
Many of my constituents are also passionate supporters of the proposal for mandatory rooftop solar on new buildings; it is one of the issues on which I have had the most correspondence in recent months.
In North East Hertfordshire, the towns of Royston and Buntingford have seen rapid development in recent years, as have smaller villages such as Barkway, Puckeridge and Standon.
In the near future, a new estate will be built on the edge of Letchworth Garden City and the town of Baldock is due to roughly double in size.
At the same time, we face many challenging decisions locally to balance the need for renewable energy with the protection of our high-quality farmland, while also preserving and enhancing space for nature.
It is therefore unsurprising that residents in North East Hertfordshire can see the common sense in making the best possible use of our finite land by putting the solar panels we need on rooftops.
Our approach to delivering the renewable energy we undoubtedly and desperately need has been far too laissez-faire.
My constituency has also seen significant population growth; it has grown by 35% in the past 20 years.
New estates in Didcot, Great Western Park, Wantage, Kingsgrove, Highcroft in Wallingford and Wellington Gate in Grove have not all sought the opportunity to have solar panels on the new houses.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that if we do not create the homes of the future now, there is a risk that we will have to retrofit them in future, at great expense, to reach our net zero targets and help residents with their bills?
I wholeheartedly agree.
As I was saying, we could suffer from the potentially profound impacts of competing demands for space for the homes we require, our commitment to protect 30% of our land for nature by 2030, and our fragile food security.
Government figures show that with an industry average of 5 acres per megawatt, the proposed ground-mounted solar schemes put forward to date would, if they all went ahead, require a total land area roughly equivalent to Birmingham, Bristol, Manchester, Liverpool, Nottingham, Newcastle and Leeds combined.
Yet at the  same time, academic analysis indicates that between suitable existing buildings and new construction, there is potential space for 117 GW of rooftop solar in England by 2050.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that it was a shocking dereliction of duty when the previous Government cancelled the zero-carbon home programme, which would have allowed for the generation of around 3,000 MW if every house built since 2015 had had solar panels on it?
Does he agree with my residents in Taunton and Wellington, who are aghast and want to see solar panels on the new houses being built in Comeytrowe, Staplegrove and Monkton Heathfield?
I find myself, once again, in wholehearted agreement.
Ensuring that solar panels are installed on the rooftops of new buildings specifically could deliver a generating capacity over six times greater than that of Sizewell C. Clearly, if we start applying a strategic approach beginning with the provisions in the Bill, we can host the vast majority of the solar panels we need on our rooftops.
Other nations are already proving that this can be done, with similar regulatory measures currently in place in Germany, China and Japan.
Better yet, enacting this legislation would not only accelerate our progress toward meeting our climate targets, reducing the industrialisation of our countryside and protecting rural communities; it also offers the most effective way to ensure that the net zero transition lowers electricity bills for consumers.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests; my former colleagues at the MCS Foundation have provided research in support of the Bill.
I want to pick up on the hon.
Gentleman’s point about timescales, because in my experience this issue is the one that is raised most commonly by residents wanting to see action.
Why on earth, they say, are new homes being put up without solar panels on them?
Time is of the essence, but is it not the case that we have already lost many opportunities to progress?
Regulations were due to come into force in 2016 that would have required all new homes to have zero carbon standards.
Those regulations were scrapped by the coalition Government.[Official Report,  21 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 976.]
(Correction)
[Hon.
Members: “No, they weren’t.”
] The briefing I have had says that they were scrapped in 2014.
[Interruption.]
Either way, I am pleased to see cross-party support today to press ahead with this proposal at speed.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that speed is of the essence here to ensure that homes are not being put up without solar panels?
I agree that speed is of the essence in multiple ways, and I encourage the Government to move as quickly as possible.
Empowering households to generate the electricity that they use will help families to lower their bills far more rapidly than commercial schemes that feed into wholesale energy markets influenced by international commodity prices.
This strikes me as a well-drafted Bill, and I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham   (Max Wilkinson)  on its clarity and flexibility.
The only thing that I might suggest is a widening of the provisions to cover commercial buildings as well, given the vast opportunities provided by warehousing space.
It is estimated that we currently use only about 5% of warehouse rooftops for solar generation.
Claims that the regulations would hinder innovation are clearly spurious, especially in view of the provisions for exemptions where other forms of renewable energy generation are installed.
It is high time that our country had common-sense standards for rooftop solar on new builds, and I hope that the whole House will support the Bill.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his Bill.
I do have some reservations about it, which I will go into shortly, but I am minded to support it today because this is a much better policy than the current Government line about having large-scale solar farms on all our farmland throughout the United Kingdom.
I would much rather solar panels were put on new builds, and councils already have some powers enabling them to do that.
Broxbourne council, which I used to lead, has engaged in extensive negotiations with developers, particularly at High Leigh, where we have managed to get solar panels on some of the houses.
A large data centre is also being built, and we have managed to put some solar panels on that.
As I have said, I do have some concerns.
I am all for taking on developers and ensuring that they pay for their section 106 negotiations and do their community work, and standing up for the residents we all represent.
However, during many of the negotiations when I led the council, developers told me that they wanted to put solar panels on more houses but the distribution network operator had told them that there was not enough capacity.
I said that no one would be able to see the top of the data centre, so why not cover the whole thing in solar panels?
Why would anyone not want to do that?
Why would anyone not support it?
That was my negotiating position.
The developers went away and had discussions with the DNO, which said that they could have only 25% because there was not enough capacity for more and the system would not be able to cope.
We need to have a discussion about the capacity of the grid if we are going to do this.
I know that the Bill focuses specifically on new build properties, but surely it is a good thing to be able to use the rooftops of all the large data centres and warehouses that are already available.
The hon.
Gentleman is speaking passionately about his constituency, but does not cheaper battery technology mean that people do not have to sell their electricity back to the grid any more?
They can keep it within their boundaries and use it themselves.
I was about to mention battery technology, so I ask the hon.
Gentleman to wait just a few seconds.
The Bill does go quite far in that its ambition relates to all houses, but I think we should go further.
If we are putting solar panels on houses, we should require those houses to have battery storage as well, which might solve some of the problems involving grid connection and there being sufficient capacity.
Battery technology  is a bit behind solar panel technology in terms of efficiency, and it is not quite there yet on cost-effectiveness, but we are definitely getting there.
For example, it is more cost-effective to use the electricity in an electric car than to send it back to the grid.
I urge the hon.
Member for Cheltenham to consider that, because if we are taking this one step in installing solar panels, perhaps we should take one further step and require people to have battery storage as well.
I am concerned about the red tape we are going to create for new development.
As I said, I am all for taking on developers—I see some councillors and former councillors in the Chamber, who have probably all had vociferous discussions like the ones I have had with developers about them doing their bit—but I am concerned about the pushback we might get in discussions on section 106 agreements.
There are issues around viability, which I will not go into now, but I would not want to see developers telling their local councils and communities, “We can’t give you money for the new school or the doctor’s surgery because we’ve got to put solar panels on housing.”
We need to give some thought to how that will work, because we all want the most community money possible for the roads, schools and GP surgeries that must come with new developments.
There will be some homes for which solar panels are not suitable.
I am fully supportive of panels being installed on buildings that have an east-west facing roof, or on a block of flats.
Where it is practical to do that, of course we should do it.
As other Members have said, it is increasingly frustrating when we drive past a development to see a roof with only two solar panels on it, after the developers have gone through the whole cost of putting up the scaffolding and building the house.
I suspect that is because of the issues around capacity, which we definitely need to look into, but come on.
If they are already putting solar panels on half the roof, they should fill the whole roof with them, because that does not just help them; if they can sell the green electricity back to the grid, it helps everybody.
I have some reservations about where the money will come from.
I would not want it to come from the resources that would have gone on schools, education and roads through section 106 agreements, so we need to look at that.
We also need to look at distribution network operators and capacity, to make sure we can really harness the energy, but as this proposal is much better than having large-scale solar farms plastered all over our green belt and the countryside, I am minded to support the Bill’s Second Reading.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for bringing forward this Bill on a subject of great importance.
I know from personal experience the time and effort it must have taken to get to this stage.
I am sure Members on both sides of the House will agree that solar is a key tool in the renewable energy arsenal which, if used properly, can have a significant positive impact on tackling climate change and ensuring that we live in a more sustainable society.
I am proud to represent a constituency that is taking the power of solar seriously.
Constituents in Amber Valley regularly write to me wanting to know what is being done at both local and national level to tackle climate change.
Even those  constituents who are not what any of us would call eco-warriors are invariably unopposed to solar on rooftops, and that is not, it seems, unique to Amber Valley.
As I walked through Westminster underground station this morning, a billboard caught my eye.
The MSC Foundation was advertising the fact that a recent YouGov survey found that three in four voters believe that solar panels should be mandatory on new homes.
When Labour took control of Amber Valley borough council in 2023, the council had no council homes whatsoever, as the previous Conservative-run council had sold all the housing stock 20 years earlier at below-market rates.
To right that wrong, the council has started a new council house building programme, and while we started small, we are working towards a target of 30 new council homes, each fitted with solar panels.
Indeed, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero last year witnessed four new builds resulting from that programme on his visit to the borough alongside the Mayor of the East Midlands.
It is fair to say that we are committed in Amber Valley.
Incorporating rooftop solar as part of our house building programme has been an important part of delivering cleaner energy and lower bills, and ensuring sustainability for our constituents.
When I first became a borough councillor in Amber Valley, I asked whether we could have a planning condition that solar panels must be installed on roofs, and I too was told that that was just not possible.
That was totally perplexing to me, so I am sure that hon.
Members can imagine that I am proud to be part of a Government who are spearheading the most ambitious house building programme in a generation, with a clear commitment to environmental sustainability.
The hon.
Lady speaks of the Government’s ambition, and there is one simple thing they could do.
In December 2023, after lobbying from developers, the previous Conservative Government shamefully issued a written ministerial statement to prohibit a councillor in West Oxfordshire district council in my constituency from insisting on higher environmental standards for a net zero development.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that if the Government simply revoked that written ministerial statement, local councils across the country would have more freedom to set higher environmental standards?
Will she encourage the Minister to respond to that point?
I would encourage the Minister to respond, because I do not think that it is for me to do so.
However, I do think we should be doing everything we can to move towards a better, more sustainable future.
Not only are we building 1.5 million new homes over this Parliament, but we are committed to an ambitious decarbonising agenda and harnessing renewable resources across the UK.
The Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero of course understands the importance of solar as part of our wider clean power mission, and the contribution that the energy efficiency of homes can make to our net zero emissions target.
There is no doubt in my mind that rooftop solar plays a crucial role in that.
I support the notion behind the Bill.
The Government are already working on future standards, particularly on the technical detail of solar, to ensure that they are  appropriate.
That will ensure that new homes and buildings embrace energy efficiency and are fit for a net zero future, and I look forward to the Government introducing those standards this year.
I thank the hon.
Member for Cheltenham for raising this important issue in the House today.
People in my constituency are passionate about protecting our environment, and they know that if we are to do that, we need to produce more renewable energy.
However, in North East Hampshire, as in many other areas of the UK, we are also protective of our arable farming land, which is so essential for our food security.
Passing the sunshine Bill, which has been brought to the House by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , would challenge the presumption that the principal way to increase our solar capacity is through solar farms and large-scale industrial solar power generation.
Prioritising solar panelling on new homes will allow us to create the right energy mix and to produce energy in a sustainable way.
Not only that, but it will help us to address some of the challenges with economic growth.
Reducing energy bills, especially for those in social housing or on lower incomes, is an essential part of tackling the recent cost of living crisis, and developing the industry through innovation is of course good for jobs.
There has been a lot of conversation this morning about the benefit to homeowners of installing solar panels on new builds.
If solar panels were included on new social housing, we would also be helping those who face the greatest challenge in paying energy bills, which have gone up since the energy price cap rise.
That is an added benefit in the cost of living crisis.
My hon.
Friend is of course correct.
This should not be just about cost savings for those who can afford installation in the first place.
In North East Hampshire, we have some fantastic examples of community investment in renewables.
Hart district council has installed 121 photovoltaic panels on the roof of its offices, generating as much as 57,000 kWh of electricity per year, which is enough to power around 20 average homes every year.
Hart leisure centre has seen £200,000 of investment in solar panelling on its sports hall, which reduces the demand put on the energy grid as a result of heating the swimming pool.
If you will permit me a “Sliding Doors” moment, Madam Deputy Speaker, my house was built in 1961, when this technology was not around.
Had solar panels of today’s quality been installed then, not only would our energy bills have been significantly lower, but we could have saved in the region of 800 tonnes of carbon—roughly equivalent to 140 London to Sydney return flights.
Given the Government’s ambitious house building targets, and as retrofitting is more expensive than installing at the build stage, it makes sense to ensure that we do all we can right now to protect our environment, to reduce energy bills and to secure this industry for the future.
Each house built without renewable energy is a missed opportunity to save carbon and money, and to grow our economy.
Furthermore, each house built without solar panels increases the pressure to put panels elsewhere, including in our fields.
Sustainable energy development is critical, but in North East Hampshire, as elsewhere, we do not want it to come at the cost of our countryside and our agricultural land.
That is why I support this Bill, which prioritises putting solar panels on the roofs of new homes.
This is an important debate; not only is it about solar, but it is about our climate and our environment.
It matters to me, to my generation and to my constituents.
My constituency mailbag is full of ideas about how we get clean energy and messages advocating for solar panels, so I know my constituents are interested in this debate.
There are many experts in my constituency.
Just yesterday, I sat with a nuclear scientist from Wirral West, and there are many people who are passionate about the environment.
In one quite brilliant architect, Colin Usher, we combine the expertise and the passion.
He has brought intelligent design to bear in order to build super low energy use homes.
Along with triple glazing, insulation and intelligent design, solar panels play an important part in those homes.
The panels sit on the roof and heat the home, and excess energy is sold back to the national grid.
So brilliant is the design that in the winter months, one of the people living in these homes pays just £10 for their energy.
I hope we can expect future homes to meet that high standard.