My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
As she knows, the Bill includes a recommendation to set an industry standard, so that consumers can have confidence in what they are buying.
Not only is the burden removed from homeowners and responsibility placed with developer, but the Bill creates an efficiency saving in human resources and materials.
It is an entirely logical step to take.
Installing solar panels on roofs while the houses are being built is at least 10% cheaper than retrofitting.
There will be issues around cost, which Members might raise in interventions or in speeches, but Government estimates put the cost of mandatory solar panels on all new homes at around £5,200 per home.
That sounds  like a lot of money in isolation, but the average cost of a new build in the final quarter of 2024 was far in excess of £400,000, so we are talking about little more than 1% of the price of a new build home.
That is next to nothing in the context of a monthly mortgage repayment, if we take the figure in raw form, and it would be offset by lower bills.
This Bill would mandate that all new homes are built with solar generation technology covering the roof space—a minimum of 40% of the equivalent of the building’s ground-floor area.
I too am interested in solar panels being mandated on public buildings.
In my area, Rednock school has had solar panels retrofitted.
Solar panels in educational facilities have two effects: they not only save money for the school, but teach young people about the issue.
Also in my area, the NHS is looking to put solar panels on all south-facing roofs of hospitals.
I wonder if we could extend the Bill to public buildings in general.
I take the hon.
Member’s point on board entirely, and agree with him.
This Bill is limited to residential new builds; I was very conscious that in the public sector, the cost of initial installation would be borne by the taxpayer.
He was right to reference schools.
In my constituency, Bournside school is installing a huge ground source heat pump.
That is a national, leading case study.
He is right that it is important that young people understand what is going on.
With regard to industry standards, we need to make sure that there is an industry-wide regulator and a certification scheme.
The industry needs proper regulation to give consumers confidence in the product.
Supply chains were mentioned.
To give supply chains, the construction industry and developers time to adjust, the Bill proposes that the regulations apply from  1 October 2026 .
Ministers may have comments on whether that is a realistic timescale—they might want to make it longer.
I am sure that there will be a discussion.
Reasonable exemptions need to apply, including for very tall buildings; for buildings on which it would not be economical to install solar panels, due to roof size or other factors; and for buildings that had other forms of renewable energy generation installed that were more appropriate for that setting.
Where buildings cannot physically accommodate solar panels that cover at least 40% of the building’s ground-floor area, the Bill requires that solar panels are installed to the maximum extent possible.
It is important to take part in some myth busting.
To dispel one big myth about solar panels, they do not always need a clear, sunny day to work; they will continue to work in overcast, cloudy conditions.
I think we can all agree that that is good news for this country.
To dispel another myth, solar panels can be installed to good effect on north-facing roofs, although efficiency will be a little lower.
The overwhelming strength of the case for the measure means that the sunshine Bill has gathered support from industry.
Over Christmas, several businesses and industry organisations signed an open letter to the Government in which they declared their support for the Bill.
I am grateful for the support of the MCS Foundation, Solar Energy UK, Eco2Solar, E.ON Next and Ecotricity.
I am particularly grateful to the MCS Foundation for its assistance and advice on technical matters in these last few months.