The Minister seems to be ignoring events in south Wales last week.
I met steelworkers from Llanwern last week, who understandably are deeply worried following speculation about the closure of the blast furnaces at Port Talbot.
What conditions were attached to the £500 million grant agreed with Tata?
Was this the agreed plan?
What are the Government actually doing to safeguard jobs?
We put in place a programme of work and a substantial sum of money—around £100 million—to ensure that the transition took place in a just fashion.
Decisions will be taken by the transition board—as has been mentioned—about providing upskilling and reskilling and ensuring that there are assurances in the supply chain.
The board is made up of the Secretary of State for Wales, the Minister for the Economy of Wales, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, and  the hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock) , who chairs the all-party parliamentary group for steel and metal related industries.
Those decisions will be taken locally and in consultation.
The Government have supported a coalmine in west Cumbria that will produce coking coal, which is used in steel production.
Does the Minister agree that it would be sensible for strategic reasons—which should override commercial reasons—to retain virgin steel production capacity in this country, and that from a practical perspective the coal mined in Cumbria could be used in the production of steel in Scunthorpe?
Will she take into consideration the wider issues in the policy decisions that she may make?
Absolutely.
I think all of this has made it clear to British Steel that there is a supply chain here in the UK, not only in the ability to make virgin steel but in the market afterwards, but even with electric arc furnaces we still need some ability to access coal.
These are decisions taken across many Whitehall Departments.
My job, fundamentally, is to ensure that steelmaking in the UK continues at the pace that it has done and grows even further, and that we support the manufacturing sector, which requires British steel.
The official march of the Royal Navy includes the words, “Heart of oak are our ships”.
In the 21st century, virgin steel is the critical industry for the Royal Navy, in the way that timber was in the 18th century.
I am the first to want reduced carbon emissions, but this move sounds more like offshoring than about reducing carbon emissions.
What consideration have the Government given to the supply of steel to the defence industry?
First of all, negotiations continue; no decision has been taken.
Having said that, the UK steel industry group, which oversees the steel sector in the UK, has made it very clear that military-grade speciality steel can be made in electric arc furnaces.
I have been  working incredibly hard to make sure that more UK steel is procured in more UK contracts, including defence contracts.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for her dogged campaign in respect of steel; she is a real champion for her constituents.
This week’s news is bittersweet, as Teesside welcomes the return of steelmaking.
Will the Minister outline what the whole Government are doing to support my hon.
Friend’s constituents at this time, and what use of carbon capture and storage is being explored to ensure that we continue to produce our own virgin steel?
I of course agree with my hon.
Friend’s first point: there is nobody more vocal about steel than my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) .
We have had a number of programmes in place to support the steel sector, because it has a number of challenges, as it has in many continental European countries.
Fundamentally, Putin’s invasion of Ukraine caused energy costs to skyrocket, and we had in place an energy costs relief scheme for the steel sector, which has been worth up to £730 million since 2013.
We now have the supercharger in place; I have spoken about the steel procurement policy note to ensure that there is more UK steel procured in UK markets; and, obviously, we provided support for Tata recently and Celsa previously.
We are doing everything that we can—with my hon.
Friend the Member for Scunthorpe, of course—to get the best deal possible for Scunthorpe, but these are commercial decisions and they are ongoing.
It is clear from today’s comments that the Government are set to abandon more than 2,000 steelworkers in Scunthorpe, just as they abandoned over 3,000 on Teesside eight years ago.
That said, I too welcome the news of a new arc furnace for Redcar, but let me give the Minister yet another chance to answer the question from  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  and others: are the Government really going to settle for recycled steel and foreign imports, and consign virgin steelmaking in the UK to history?
Recycled steel can be recycled infinite times, so it does a huge amount for the circular economy.
Because of the way technology has moved on, steel can now be used in many more sectors.
We have a huge surplus of scrap steel, which we end up exporting to countries such as Turkey, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
We could be reusing that in the UK economy.
But as I said, these are commercial decisions and nothing has been concluded.
The statement put out by British Steel was a plan or a proposal.
Does the Minister not accept that it is a matter of national security that we should retain the ability to create primary steel in this country?
I have put it on record previously that we need to ensure that we have blast furnace capacity in the UK, and that, fundamentally, should be at the Scunthorpe site.
There are matters involving national security—for  instance, the anxieties about steel dumping from China and the issues emanating from Russia—and as we continue to manufacture at pace, we need to be able to ensure that we have access to steel manufactured here in the UK.
Some of the mightiest structures made of steel were built in my constituency, in the Nigg yard—I worked there myself once upon a time.
The hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  talked about the strategic importance of the industry.
May I point out to the Government that it is as important to my constituency in the far north of Scotland as it is to any other parts of our great United Kingdom?
I cannot disagree with that.
I have been reading up on Scunthorpe steel: it has been used to create structures ranging from the Sydney Harbour Bridge to the London Eye, which demonstrates the breadth and the depth of its history.
The feedstock for the Trostre tinplate works in Llanelli is steel of a quality that can currently only be produced in the blast furnace process.
Following the devastating news that Port Talbot blast furnaces will be closed by the end of March, leaving Trostre dependent on imported steel—quite possibly produced to lower environmental standards abroad, and certainly not saving on emissions—may I ask the Minister to stop just quoting commercial decisions, and tell us what strategy the Government have to develop the green technologies of the future here in the UK and to keep virgin steel production here as well?
I had a feeling that I had mentioned that a few times.
We have a fund of about £1.5 million, partly aimed to ensure that we are adopting, testing and commercialising new technologies to enable the steel sector to decarbonise.
We have done a huge amount of work on electricity and we are also considering the possibilities of hydrogen, so we are looking into alternative sources of energy to help the sector in the UK.
I know there are challenges for places such as the hon.
Lady’s constituency because of the sort of steel that they need, but the fact remains that more and more different types of steel can be made to a high standard and a high grade in electric arc furnaces.
The move to net zero should deliver tens of thousands of long-term, well-paid, green industrial jobs, but with her Government’s sticking-plaster policies the Minister is destroying both jobs and sovereign national capability.
Is it really her intention to leave behind her a British steel sector that cannot make British virgin steel, and if not, what is her plan?
Labour has an industrial strategy for green steel; why does she not have one as well?
I simply do not recognise the picture that the hon.
Lady paints.
Our recent decision on Tata Steel was welcomed by UK Steel, the organisation representing the UK sector, which said that it was the way forward.
UK Steel itself has a net zero strategy, and wants to see the transition proceed apace.
Decisions have been just left to sit there, but now we are able to provide the support that is needed.
What we did in Port Talbot has saved thousands of jobs and allowed the adoption of new technology which will, indeed, create thousands of jobs as well.
Last Wednesday morning, Tata Steel executives in Port Talbot summoned the workforce to tell them of the plan to shut down our entire virgin steel making capability by March 2024.
This was utterly shocking, because the understanding had always been that some of the heavy end would continue to function while the electric arc furnace was being constructed, but it takes years to construct an electric arc furnace.
The plan is utter madness: it involves importing millions of tonnes of steel from the other side of the world.
Electric arc furnaces need the products of virgin steel making, such as iron and iron ore—that is why we need direct reduced iron capability—and the loss of 3,000 jobs over a period like that is completely unacceptable and unnecessary.
When the Government did the deal with Tata Steel about Port Talbot, did they know that Tata was actually proposing not a transition at all, but a potentially lethal cliff edge for our steel industry?
Did they know that Tata would be doing that?
Does the Minister not agree that the idea of this process is that it should be a transition?
It needs to be a bridge, not a potentially lethal cliff edge.
Tata Steel employs more than 8,000 people and 12,500 further in the supply chain.
All of that would have been at risk if we had not been able to provide the certainty it needed to increase its investment to over £1 billion to allow it to transition.
These are commercial decisions relating to the pace of transition.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that there is a transition board in place because he is a member.
If there has been a failure in consultation at the level and depth of time required, there is no doubt that he and I will take that up as we will both be at the next transition board meeting.
The reality is that to ensure the long-term viability of steel in the UK, some tricky decisions have to be made, but the company was provided with support to make sure that it transitioned in a way that supported local jobs, knowing that it had to transition and support the supply chain.