At this moment, funding on this issue has not been agreed.
Certainly, when I was doing this programme in the summer and clearing the hotels, the budget and resources were not a constraint.
We had a bumpy start and the task was challenging, but we got there in the end: all those hotels were cleared and people were put into accommodation.
The Prime Minister is committed to that, and I know that we will do the same over the next few months.
I have raised before in this Chamber the case of a very talented Afghan man who worked for the British Geological Survey, which has a base in my constituency.
He fled to Pakistan with his daughters, fearing for their lives, but now he has lost all hope.
He was accepted for Pitting but did not make it to the airport, yet he has been cruelly rejected for ARAP, despite having worked for a Department for International Development project.
He kept the British team safe in Afghanistan, and I want to know why we cannot include him and his daughters in the evacuation, before he is handed over to the Taliban.
To be candid with the hon.
and learned Member, I am happy for her to write to me about this case, but staff and civil servants are dealing every day with heartbreaking cases of people who fall either side of the line, and there is no deliberate decision to exclude anybody.
We are trying as best we can in an incredibly difficult environment to respond to the applications and ensure that those who are eligible to be in the United Kingdom are here.
If that individual is eligible for the ARAP scheme, that scheme is still open and he must apply to it.
I am aware that some in the 333 and 444 communities in Afghanistan have been rejected and they are not entirely sure why.
We are re-engaging in that process to ensure that it has integrity, and I am happy to look at the hon.
and learned Member’s case again.
Just 66 people have been resettled in the UK under ACRS pathway 2, and eligible applicants who have the support of the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Pakistan are still waiting for their paperwork to be processed, including the mother and brothers of a constituent of mine, a courageous female journalist who has been granted asylum.
Their lives are at demonstrable risk from the Taliban and they now face the horror of deportation.
I have written to the Home Office repeatedly about this case.
They meet all the criteria.
They would have a place to live if they were able to reach here.
Will the Minister meet me about this case to see what can be done?
Sure.
There are three different pathways to ACRS, and clearly some of them are larger than others.
The latest immigration statistics show that by the end of June, 9,800 people had been granted settled status under ACRS.
I accept that there are pathways where we could do more in this space, but the idea that we have only relocated about 60 people is not chiming with the data that I see every day.
I want to ensure that  everyone who is entitled to be here is here.
I will go out and make the case for who is entitled and who is not, and we will do everything we can to ensure that those who are eligible are here.
I am happy for the hon.
Member to write to me about that case, and I will look at it personally.
Let me try the Minister with this one, because he says that he wants to ensure that no one who is entitled to be in the UK is deported.
My constituent is a British citizen whose children and wife are currently in Pakistan, threatened with deportation to Afghanistan.
They were invited to the Baron Hotel.
An explosion meant that they were unable to get there.
Mr Ullah is terrified because he worked with the allied forces, but because he is a UK citizen his family are not eligible under either ARAP or ACRS.
Family reunion visas would cost more than £20,000.
Return to Afghanistan means certain danger.
He is penalised by his status as one of our citizens.
In the light of his bravery and service to our armed forces, will the Minister use the budget that he says is not a problem to waive those fees and bring Mr Ullah’s family here to safety?
Immigration policy in this country is very clear, and the immigration policy outside ACRS and ARAP, which are what I have been asked specifically to deal with, is a matter for the Home Office, as the hon.
Member knows.
I recognise her question—I genuinely do—but it is a question on immigration policy for the Home Office.
I will work night and day to ensure that everyone who is eligible under ARAP and ACRS is returned to the United Kingdom, in line with our promises.