Britain is working intensively to get more aid into Gaza, to support the safe return of hostages and British nationals, to back Israel’s right to self-defence and to prevent a dangerous regional escalation.
My right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have been engaging extensively and Lord Ahmad has been constantly in the region.
This morning I met a group of charities and non-governmental organisations involved in getting life-saving support into Gaza.
I spoke yesterday to the Jordanian, Lebanese and Egyptian ambassadors and early this morning once again to Martin Griffiths.
I wish also to pay tribute to our diplomats and development experts who are striving to make a difference in the most difficult of circumstances.
Despite the many challenges, the whole Government are determined to do all that we can to continue to stand up for what is right and do the right thing.
Immediately after Hamas’s brutal assault, the Government brought home almost 1,000 British nationals safely on charter and military flights, but the safety of all British nationals is our utmost priority, so we are in regular contact with those in Gaza registered with us since the conflict began.
Working with partners, we have been engaging intensively with Israel and Egypt to allow foreign nationals to leave Gaza via the Rafah border crossing.
This has proved possible on five of the last seven days, and I can confirm to the House that, as of late last night, more than 150 British nationals had made it through to Egypt.
A forward-deployed team of consular officials is in el-Arish, close to Rafah, to meet them and provide the medical, consular and administrative support they need.
We have also set up a reception centre for British nationals in Cairo and have arranged accommodation.
We will do everything we can to ensure that all remaining British nationals in Gaza can leave safely.
Sadly, among the British nationals in Gaza some are held hostage by Hamas, among the more than 200 innocents cruelly kidnapped on  7 October .
Their plight is a stark reminder of what Hamas represent.
The terrorists continue to launch rockets relentlessly at Israeli homes and families.
Their stated aim, repeated publicly in recent weeks, is the destruction of the Israeli state and the eradication of its people.
That is why the Government unequivocally support Israel’s right to defend itself.
However, we have also repeatedly stressed that Israel must take every precaution to minimise civilian casualties in line with  international humanitarian law.
We continue to press Israel to ensure that its campaign is targeted against Hamas leaders, militants and military infrastructure.
We also condemn settler violence.
Israel needs to take concrete measures to address it and hold the perpetrators to account.
All parties to a conflict must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary, affording innocent civilians the protection that is their right under international law.
Who can doubt that this is true, because the Palestinian people are also victims of Hamas.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has expressed his condolences to the President of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, for the deaths of Palestinian civilians caught in the aftermath of Hamas’s attack.
Since  7 October , the UK has made available £30 million of additional aid to the Occupied Palestinian Territories, more than doubling our existing aid commitment for this year.
So far, three UK flights carrying a total of 51 tonnes of aid have landed in Egypt.
The shipments included life-saving items such as wound care packs, water filters and solar powered lights.
We have also sent humanitarian advisers and vital equipment including the forklift trucks, belt conveyors and lighting towers specifically requested by the Egyptian Red Crescent Society to help it to manage and deliver all the international aid received in Egypt more effectively.
For this aid to meet escalating needs, however, it must enter Gaza and do so in much greater quantity.
The Government have been working closely with partners including the United Nations, the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Egyptian and Israeli Governments to achieve this.
Since  21 October , a limited number of trucks of aid have crossed into the strip, but the volume going through the Rafah checkpoint is nowhere near enough to meet civilian needs and it cannot be, even were it operating at full capacity.
We are therefore urgently exploring with partners measures that can help to increase the flow of humanitarian support.
These measures must include effective humanitarian pauses, as agreed by all the G7 countries in Tokyo this morning, and we are urging Israel to consider utilising the facilities at other land border crossings into Gaza, such as Kerem Shalom.
This reflects our current assessment that delivery by land remains the only safe option to deliver aid in the quantity needed in Gaza while ensuring the necessary control and oversight.
Control and oversight matters, given the absolute imperative of ensuring that aid reaches those in need and is not diverted or misused.
Aid diversion is a real risk—more so during conflicts—and I will set out to the House how we are managing those risks.
All UK aid undergoes rigorous oversight.
No funding goes to Hamas or the Palestinian Authority.
Our humanitarian programme in the Occupied Palestinian Territories already operates with enhanced sensitivity, with the Government having introduced additional safeguards in 2017.
They include measures to verify and map downstream partners, non-payment of local taxes, and enhanced due-diligence processes.
We constantly review the due-diligence assessments in place with all partners involved in delivering aid in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The whole House recognises, however, that to prevent further conflict and terrorism and truly alleviate civilian suffering, there must be a political solution to the conflict.
This issue is uniquely polarising.
We have seen across the world and in our own communities its potential to radicalise.
The long-standing British position on the middle east process is unchanged: we want to see a safe and secure Israel living alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
The urgency of a political track—extraordinarily difficult today—has never been more clear.
Both Israelis and Palestinians have a right to live in peace and security.
We have moral clarity over Israel’s right to self-defence and we reject all forms of antisemitism, but we are also committed to discharging our moral duty to alleviate the suffering of ordinary Palestinians and we reject all forms of Islamophobia.
The current turmoil must act as a further impulse towards realising a peaceful future for the region, and the UK will be doing all it can to achieve that.
I commend this statement to the House.