We owe many Afghans a debt of gratitude for supporting British aims in Afghanistan.
In the summer and autumn of 2021, the UK Government rightly promised to honour that debt by offering those Afghans resettlement in the UK.
However, the Government’s Operation Warm Welcome fast became “Operation Cold Shoulder”.
Of those Afghans who made it to Britain, 8,000 were crammed into hotels over a two-year period.
They were then evicted, without consultation with local authorities, leaving many Afghan families facing homelessness this winter.
Worse, the Prime Minister last November personally gave instructions to Ministers that no more flights should be chartered from Pakistan to bring Afghans who have a right to resettlement here to the UK, despite more than 3,000 Afghan refugees being stuck in hotels in Pakistan, when the British Government had promised those very individuals refuge in the UK through the ARAP and ACRS.
Keeping those loyal-to-Britain Afghans in limbo was shameful enough, but even more disgracefully the Prime Minister changed tack only when the Pakistani Government started threatening to send those loyal-to-Britain Afghans back to Afghanistan to meet their fate at the hands of the Taliban.
In short, the Government of Pakistan have strong-armed our weak Prime Minister into delivering something that it was our duty as a country to deliver in the first place.
That is a truly shameful and humiliating state of affairs.
What we now need to know from the Minister is: how many flights has he chartered?
When will they be running from and until?
What assurance has he received from the Pakistani Government that they will extend the deadline for Afghans who are to be expelled back into Afghanistan until after all the UK flights have been completed?
Are the Government aware of any cases of Afghans eligible under ARAP or ACRS who have been forcibly returned to Afghanistan from Pakistan?
If so, what steps are the Government taking to bring those people to safety as a matter of urgency?
Finally, what progress has he made on clearing the record high asylum backlog and securing accommodation for these Afghans, whom we desperately need to get out of Pakistan as rapidly and urgently as possible?
It is hard to take the hon.
Gentleman seriously when he comes out with statements that are demonstrably untrue; I know that he would not want to mislead the House, but he mentions engaging local authorities and I literally drove round engaging them.
As he well knows, this stuff is not correct.
Having served in Afghanistan and, during the summer, having driven round every hotel to visit Afghans personally to ensure that none of them slept homeless and that we saw through our duty, I will take no lessons from anybody about how we feel towards this Afghan cohort.
Clearly, I will not go into the details of which flights are taking off when.
This Prime Minister and this Government are clear that as the situation has changed we are seeking to get guarantees from the Pakistan Government that those entitled to be here will not be deported from that country.
If that does happen, the hon.
Gentleman will be able to recall me to this House and I will have failed, but that is not going to happen.
This is much like my promise on homelessness; he spent the entire summer saying that something would come to fruition but, again, it never did.
On this side of the House we have to govern in the real space, where we deal with operational decisions on a daily basis; we cannot whip ourselves into a lather to try to score points off some of the poorest people in the world.
We are determined to see through our commitments to the people of Afghanistan and I look forward to his working with me in that pursuit.
The situation with Pakistan expelling more than 1.5 million Afghan people from its borders is deeply worrying.
I am glad that the Veterans Minister is here today and is going to focus on the very small number of people who may be entitled to come to the UK—it will be just a few thousand.
Many hundreds of thousands face the threat of needing to go back into Afghanistan, into the hands of the Taliban, where the economy is in a dreadful position and the country is reeling from the earthquake.
These people  fear for their lives.
What representations are the Foreign Office and our allies making to the Pakistan Government to ask them to think again?
What support are we giving to those stuck in a humanitarian crisis on the border?
I will be honest with my hon.
right hon.
Friend that there are clear distinctions in my role to deal with those who were in Pakistan who are entitled to be in the United Kingdom.
Wider Pakistan engagement is a job for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, which is busily engaged in that.
My priority is to ensure that those who are entitled to be in the UK—those who have been approved to come to the United Kingdom—are not subject to wider Pakistan policy in Afghanistan, but that wider policy is being influenced by the Foreign Office, which is working on that every day.
The situation has changed and we are reconfiguring ourselves to deal with that, to ensure that we honour our promises to people.