The Minister has said a number of times that the Government have sought assurances from the Pakistani authorities that they will not target those Afghans who are eligible to come here.
Has he received such assurances?
If not, and if he does not, what is he going to do about it?
I can confirm that I have received verbal assurances from the Pakistani authorities that those individuals are not going to be deported.
I have to work night and day to ensure that that line is held, and I have made it clear to this House and to the country that we do not want to see any one of them deported.
As I have said to the right hon.
Member, and to others, I do not want to see that line crossed.
If it is, I will return to the House and make a statement on it.
The Hazari family of my constituent, a minor brought here under the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees scheme, have had to flee Afghanistan and they have been waiting and waiting for their ACRS application to be processed.
When can they expect that to happen, and when can they expect to be brought safely to the UK?
I obviously cannot comment on an individual case, but if the hon.
Lady writes to me today, I will personally look at her case and write back to her.
I am glad that the Government are now acting on Afghans who have been in limbo for a number of  years in Pakistan—an issue I raised with the Minister on  19 September .
May I ask about the service family accommodation that he is intending to use for those Afghans?
We know that there is a real crisis in the quality of service family accommodation, so can he guarantee that none of the service family accommodation that the Ministry of Defence is providing will have broken boilers, leaky roofs or black mould, which plague so much SFA that we have put our troops and their families in?
This Government have put £400 million of extra spending into SFA; I recognise the problems with the quality of that SFA, which have been a challenge over many years.
I do not want anybody coming back into the UK and living in service family accommodation that is not suitable for them.
The Ministry of Defence is bending over backwards, as is my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Armed Forces, to ensure that this stuff is online and suitable.
Investment is going in, but I am determined that individuals will live in housing that is suitable for them, and I will personally be visiting them to make sure that they are.
I have been trying to get a group of interpreters trained by the University of Leeds from Pakistan to here for the last two years.
It would be useful if the Minister could let me know who is eligible for the flights and how they will be contacted.
The Minister also said that he had visited every hotel in the country.
I have a hotel in my constituency and I do not remember him informing me that he was coming, but I would welcome him coming to that hotel, because everybody now has to be in a shared room and the facilities are not good.
I would be interested to learn which hotel that is, because I do not want to see people in shared rooms, so I will speak to the hon.
Gentleman after this urgent question.
If he writes to me with the specific details of those interpreters, I will assess his case and determine which pathway is best to apply for and their certain eligibility to do so.
However, I am particularly interested in the hotel and, if that situation is ongoing today, I will sort it out.
I have been contacted by multiple constituents who arrived in the UK via the ARAP scheme.
They are extremely worried about their relatives, the hardship they have experienced and the threat of danger with the recent events in Pakistan.
These cases range from somebody who worked for the British armed forces for eight years, a family member who is pregnant and has two children, and a judge who has previously imprisoned members of the Taliban.
Will the Minister agree to look at those cases, and will he also say whether he has the resources to resolve these matters urgently?
I will look at every case.
There is no policy decision to block those who are entitled to be in the UK from being in the UK.
Many of us take this personally, and we will see this duty through.
Of course I will look at every case and ensure that a decision is made fairly.
There are individuals in the Ministry of Defence who are under extreme pressure and working incredibly hard to try to meet this challenge.
It is very difficult.
I am more than happy to look at cases again, but I do not want people to go away thinking that there is some blanket decision to reject these applicants and not to allow them the protections we promised then.
That is categorically not the case and I am more than happy to look at individual situations.
My constituent’s parents fled Afghanistan for Pakistan.
On appeal, they were granted adult dependent relative visas to join their family here, but before that decision was made, their Pakistan visa expired and they were forced to return to Afghanistan.
Due to their being Hazaras, the fear of travel, their disabilities and medical needs, and the policy of the Pakistan Government, they cannot return to Pakistan to collect their paperwork to travel to the UK.
Will the Government consider issuing some form of digital visa or travel document, so that they can fly to the UK and join their family here?
I am more than happy, as I have said, to look at individual cases.
We are dealing with competing pressures here of UK visas and Pakistan visas running out, but I can only reiterate what I have said: where there is a duty to these people, we will see it through, and I will work night and day to achieve that endeavour.