Although I welcome the decision, may I say to the Minister that it would have been much better to tell the House about it in a statement rather than an urgent question?
We all know the huge pressures on accommodation in the United Kingdom and on local councils, so can the Minister say what engagement has taken place with local councils?
What does “transitional accommodation” mean and how does it fit with the Home Office policy of not using hotels?
The policy of not using hotels is absolutely right and remains.
In the summer, there was a huge effort to try to remove that barrier to settling into the United Kingdom and the policy remains.
However, in extremis, that will not be a barrier to people coming to the UK where they are at risk of deportation.
We are going to keep those people safe.
As we speak, we are working up our policy on how to ensure that we integrate this cohort, much as we did in the summer.
Discussions with different Departments are ongoing.
When we have agreed the policy, I will come to the House to share it with everybody.
I hope it will be along similar lines to previous policy, but it requires collective agreement.
We will work hard and go around the houses to ensure that the Afghan families who are in Pakistan but entitled to be here are given every opportunity to settle in the UK.
We have a good record on this and I am determined to keep that going.
As the Minister will know, it was my pleasure to work on the removals around Operation Pitting with colleagues from the Ministry of Defence and the FCDO.
I welcome the steps that the Minister has taken to finally move many of those people out of hotels.
It is no secret that, back in late 2021, I expressed concerns about just putting people into hotels and hoping offers of accommodation would come forward.
Anyone with any knowledge of housing supply knew that the size of the families involved meant that would take some time, so I congratulate him on what he did this summer.
Will he reassure me that we are thinking through what would be suitable family accommodation for the people we are bringing into this  country, and that we will not just be sticking people in hotels intended for businessmen to stay in for a couple of nights rather than for families to live in for months?
What type of accommodation does he have in mind for this cohort?
We will divide up the cohort.
Some of the families are exceptionally large and not what we are used to in this country.
To deal with that, the funding was designed specifically so that we could do really pioneering work, such as knocking through adjoining properties to create properties big enough for Afghan families.
There is a challenge with large Afghan families, but they are not the majority of the cohort.
We can accommodate the majority of the cohort in service family accommodation, but where we cannot do that I am hoping to design schemes that will allow us to use funding in a flexible manner, to ensure that these people are accommodated correctly, in line with the promises we have made to the people of Afghanistan.
There are still outstanding issues with regard to the processing of Afghan cases here and I want to use this occasion to make a special plea to the Minister.
I have a constituent who is a former senator in Afghanistan.
The processing of his case is still being delayed, partly because of some problems about location that we have tried to deal with.
I met him this week
and I think he now has serious mental health problems as a result of the stress he is under.
I will write again to the Minister and I would welcome his personal attention on this case.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman and to all hon.
Members who have personal cases to email me as I am happy to take them over.
I have been brought in very recently and I will do what I can to get answers in those cases.
A lot of cases are not simple—they are not black and white.
As everybody across the House knows, I will always be honest about the challenges and we will do everything that we can to look after these people.
In the interests of impartiality, I will quote from The Guardian, which puts the figure of Afghans currently stranded in UK-funded hotels in Islamabad at 3,000.
Indeed, according to reports, those hotels have been raided by Pakistani authorities.
What assessment does the Minister make of that figure and of what has been happening?
Furthermore, what discussions has he been having with our high commissioner in Pakistan and his opposite number in the Pakistani Government?
This is a cross-Government effort, so people from the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office are in contact with the high commissioner in Pakistan every day.
We are well aware of this challenge.
There are two separate issues here: one is the wider Pakistani policy towards Afghans, which is not part of my work in this space; and the other is that being applied to those who are entitled to be in the UK and have been pre-approved to be in the UK.
It is the latter that I am concerned about.
We are determined to get assurances on them and we will keep working until we do.
I have already made a  commitment that if a single one of them is deported back whence they came, I will have failed, but we will make sure that does not happen.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Glasgow Central (Alison Thewliss)  on securing this urgent question, particularly as it has given us some clarity today.
The Minister has talked about accommodation.
What I am hearing from my country contacts through the all-party parliamentary group on Afghan women and girls is that the focus seems to be on families, and that only families are being evacuated.
That means that single women, many of whom have worked in politics and teaching, and those from the LGBT+ community are feeling particularly vulnerable, and they are most at risk of reprisals if they are deported back to Afghanistan.
Can the Minister clarify what is happening for those single applicants?
There is no de-prioritising of single applicants.
Often they are easier to reintegrate and to accommodate in the United Kingdom because they are not a wider family.
There are lots of stories going around the people in this cohort because they are very scared and vulnerable.
Obviously, the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise this with me, but that is not something that I have seen.
None the less, I will go back and look for it.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for Hazaras and, since the Taliban took over, Hazaras in particular face increasing risk of targeted killings, discrimination and persecution.
What specifically are the UK Government doing to help the Hazaras stranded in Afghanistan so that they can resettle in a third country, or indeed in the UK, and start a better life?
I completely recognise my hon.
Friend’s passion in this space, but I have to be disciplined about what is in my remit and what is not.
That is a question for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, and I know that it is engaged on that issue.
The Foreign Secretary will have heard his question today.
If not, I will make sure that he has seen those remarks and that my hon.
Friend gets an answer.
I am assuming from what the Minister is saying that, since this egregious change in policy, he and his colleagues in Government are having regular discussions with the Government in Pakistan.
During those discussions, have he and others sought any assurances that people in Pakistan who have live applications to come to Britain will not be deported back to Afghanistan?
The entire strategic objective that we are trying to achieve is to make sure that those who are entitled to be in the UK, who have served with UK forces, who are part of the ACRS pathway and who are part of the cohort that we are talking about are not deported back to Afghanistan.
We are working night and day to get those assurances.
I am determined that we will get them and that we will look after those people properly.