I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for securing this urgent question.
The Minister is in peril of presiding over the end of primary steelmaking in this country and the curtain falling on 300 years of Britain’s industrial history.
The announcement comes at a time when an analysis shows that the Department’s budget is set for a 16% real-terms cut in the years ahead.
Is it the policy of His Majesty’s Government that blast furnaces will stay in operation in our country and that we will not be dependent on imports of primary steel?
When can we expect a conclusion to the negotiations and some safeguarding of the vital industry either at Tata or at British Steel?
I congratulate the new Chair of the Business and Trade Committee, of which I was previously a member.
As I have made clear, these are commercial negotiations and they are ongoing.
When the decision was taken on Port Talbot, discussions had taken place for several years—even decades.
This will not take that long, but my point is that many Ministers have stood at the Dispatch Box talking about steel and doing what can be done to protect and promote the steel sector in the UK.
The negotiations are ongoing.
British Steel’s statement on Monday contained proposals and a plan—nothing is concluded yet.
My focus, as our focus has always been, is on protecting the steel sector in the UK, protecting steel jobs in the UK and doing  everything we can to procure more British steel in UK manufacturing.
Of course, that continues.
These are commercial decisions about how companies wish to continue their business going forward.
I have made it clear that fundamentally there needs to be a mix of steel produced in the UK in the steel market, but the reality is this.
First, steel produced in electric arc furnaces is far more nimble because of the technology, and it can be used for many more materials in advanced manufacturing than previously—that is a fact.
Secondly, manufacturers, customers and consumers fundamentally want a cleaner, greener steel package.
It is not just me saying that at the Dispatch Box; it is also the UK steel industry representatives who have put together a net zero strategy and are talking about having cleaner, greener steel going forward.
We have a lot of scrap steel in the UK that can be recycled, and we have far more capacity to recycle that than we have for that steel to be used in UK manufacturing, but, fundamentally, we need to have a mix.
I believe that that mix will continue as long as it can and should, but these are commercial decisions.
We continue to negotiate with British Steel.
I have a simple question to put to the Minister; I hope that I will get a yes or no answer.
Much of the arc furnace capacity is being moved away from Scunthorpe or not put in Scunthorpe because of a lack of grid capacity.
That electrical grid capacity is due to be increased.
If she were to accelerate the increase to 2025, we may save many more jobs in Scunthorpe.
Will she seek to do that?
Unfortunately, there is never a simple answer to these questions.
Access to the grid is a challenge for many industries, let alone for the steel sector.
We have been doing everything we can to increase access to the grid.
British Steel’s proposal—negotiations will continue—says that it has chosen two sites over one, with its key site at Scunthorpe and a second site at Teesside to be closer to its manufacturing work.
That decision has been made for many other commercial reasons beyond access to the grid.
Yorkshire and the Humber is one of the great centres of steelmaking—in our area, there were more than 8,000 jobs in steelmaking, the last time that was counted—but how many jobs will be left when the Minister has finished with her cuts?
Has she noticed that whenever the Conservative party is in government, it deindustrialises further?
Unite the union—I declare an interest as a member—is saying that if the Government would commit to procurement of steel for all our relevant contracts, 8,000 further jobs could be created.
What exactly does she make of that?
Has she met representatives of the union to discuss that matter?
I meet representatives of the unions regularly, and I co-chair a steel council.
The steel procurement policy note on increasing procurement in the UK was a personal ambition of mine.
Previously, we did not calculate enough of the data on what was being procured and how we could continue to secure more contracts.
Procurement has increased, with the value of contracts up by £97 million on the previous year.
I want to go  further; that is only the starting point.
Earlier today, I was with the Minister for Defence Procurement,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , and I will continue to work to ensure that there is more UK steel in all our construction, whether rail, road, automotive, aviation or anything else.
The reality is that last year it increased by £97 million-worth of work.
I fully endorse all the comments of my neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) .
Many hundreds of my constituents work at British Steel, and I have a British Streel terminal on Immingham docks in my constituency.
What assessment have the Department and the Treasury made of the impact on the local economy if the changes go ahead?
The Minister talked about support for workers who may be made redundant.
I have witnessed the decline of the fishing industry in the Grimsby-Cleethorpes area, which has ripped the core out of the community, who need generations of support.
What plans will the Government put in place to ensure that that happens?
First of all, negotiations are ongoing, but I fully appreciate that the statements from British Steel will be incredibly unsettling for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Let me explain the way that we worked on Port Talbot.
We were keen to ensure that any support we provided continued to guarantee jobs, in consultation with local stakeholders and the unions.
We set aside a fund of around £100 million to ensure that people were reskilled and redeployed.
That work will continue if circumstances require it.
We are anxious about jobs.
These are highly skilled workers, recognised internationally, and these are well-paid jobs.
That is why negotiations are sensitive and continue at pace.
If we provide support, we want to get the best deal for UK steelworkers.