Mr. SCOTT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the work of Maggie Garrett, who recently left Americans United for Separation of Church and State (Americans United or AU) after leading AU's Public Policy Department and advocating for the separation of church and state for nearly 20 years.
Maggie worked on church-state issues before state legislatures, Congress, and the Executive Branch, becoming a nationally recognized expert on religious liberty issues and how these issues intersect with other civil rights.
Prior to joining Americans United, Maggie served as Legislative Director and Staff Counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Georgia, and as Staff Attorney at the ACLU.
During her time in Alabama and Georgia, Maggie litigated high-profile cases.
At the ACLU of Georgia, she also lobbied the state legislature, working with legislators across the political spectrum to fight for policies that protect civil rights and civil liberties and improve the lives of all Georgians.
She played a key role in educating legislators about the harms of a proposed state Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), successfully working to ensure that the measure did not advance since it was drafted in a manner to deny civil rights protections in the name In 2007, Maggie joined Americans United as Assistant Legislative Director and remained at AU for almost 17 years, achieving the position of Vice-President for Public Policy.
In her role at AU, Maggie worked tirelessly to ensure that religious freedom is not misused to license invidious discrimination.
Maggie led the work of the Coalition Against Religious Discrimination (CARD)--a diverse set of stakeholder groups she brought together from religious, religious freedom, civil rights, labor, reproductive rights and health, LGBTQ rights, and secular organizations--to oppose taxpayer-funded religious discrimination in social service programs.
Maggie's leadership of CARD, together with her expertise, helped ensure that the religious freedom of people who use taxpayer-funded social services is protected and that these programs include safeguards for the separation of church and state.
Also, as part of her work at AU, Maggie co-chaired the National Coalition for Public Education (NCPE), a group of more than 50 national organizations working to oppose private school vouchers.
Maggie has long been a champion of public education and fought to ensure that public funds remain in our public schools to be used for the education