Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to take a moment to celebrate April as Second Chance Month--a time to recognize that interventions that help justice-involved individuals make our communities safer and healthier, grow our economy, and reduce recidivism.
I am deeply proud of my successes during my Congressional career that have given people a second chance.
The impact of the criminal justice system is deep and harmful--breaking families, removing workers from their workplace, and weakening our families, communities, and economy.
We know that providing opportunity for improvement strengthens lives, and it also saves taxpayer resources on re-incarceration that could support citizens in other ways, with the Illinois Sentencing Policy Advisory Council estimating that the average cost associated with one recidivism event is $151,662.
Further, economists recognize that integrating individuals with records into the workforce boosts our economy by increasing earnings and tax revenue.
In April of 2008, Congress passed and President George Bush enacted my bill--the Second Chance Act.
This law has provided over $600 million to state, local, and tribal governments as well as reentry-focused nonprofit organizations to operate programs and services to ensure the success of people reentering their communities after incarceration.
A study completed by Texas Southern University of the effectiveness of the Second Chance Act in Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia found that education, vocational and work release programs, substance abuse programs, and family support are integral activities in reducing recidivism.
Just this week, I joined with colleagues from both sides of the aisle and in both chambers to reintroduce the Second Chance Reauthorization Act to keep these programs running.
Research demonstrates that postsecondary correctional education is greatly needed, has tremendous effectiveness, increases economic wellbeing, reduces recidivism, and saves taxpayers money.
Two of my bills to improve educational opportunity for justice-involved individuals became law in 2019.
The REAL (Restoring Education and Learning) Act restored Pell grant eligibility to the incarcerated.
According to the Vera Institute study, states can save an average of $7.6 million in incarceration costs each year for which people in prison have access to Pell Grants.
The FAFSA act removed the prohibition on federal student aid to people with felony drug convictions.
This policy unfairly targeted poor and minority students and cost society more in terms of crime and lost economic productivity.
These policy changes are smart, cost-effective investments of taxpayer dollars.
Unfortunately, more needs to be done to improve educational access for justice-involved individuals.
My DEMO (Demonstrating that Empowerment Makes Opportunities) Act would help those with records obtain successful health careers.
This bill is modeled on the successful work of Johns Hopkins and the Safer Foundation that created intensive training programs for workers in hospitals coupled with legal services, support services, technical assistance for businesses, and job placement services.
The programs are wildly successful, giving people with records good jobs and giving the hospitals quality, loyal workers.
My ED ACCESS Act would repeal the lifetime ban on the American Opportunity Tax Credit for those with felony drug convictions.
The antiquated lifetime AOTC ban for people with felony drug convictions makes it harder for these individuals to afford college and get their lives on track.
My REO (Reentry Employment Opportunities) Act would codify the successful REO program that improves job training for justice-impacted workers.
I am pleased that the House passed a WIOA bill this month that included key provisions of my bill.
We also must do more to divert people from the criminal justice system.
Each year about 20,000 youth enter foster care due to parental incarceration.
I worked with Rep. Barbara Lee to secure money in FY22 to help parents whose children would be orphaned were they to enter prison.
This trauma is avoidable, and quality diversion programs can strengthen families and protect millions of children from harm.
I support and applaud my home state of Illinois for enacting the SAFE-T Act to eliminate cash bail.
Illinois was the first state to end cash bail.
This ban was championed by the Illinois Legislative Black Caucus.
Justice should not target the poor.
Individuals who pose a threat to the community will remain in jail, but those who simply can't pay for bail will not.
According to a November report from Researchers at Loyola University of Chicago's Center for Criminal Justice, the Cook County jail population decreased by 12% in the month after implementation, with similar decreases in several other Illinois counties.
As we celebrate Second Chance Act month, I recognize our successes and commit myself to continue to do more to help those who made mistakes to get the opportunities to turn their lives around.