MAY 8 9 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
SD-138 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Obadal, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Army, and Sean O'Keefe, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, both of the Department.
SD-G50 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider the nominations of Andrea Travnicek, of North Dakota, and Leslie Beyer, of Texas, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and Theodore J. Garrish, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Tristan Abbey, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Energy Information Administration, both of the Department of Energy; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine the nominations of William L. Doffermyre, of Texas, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, and Catherine Jereza, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Electricity), and Kyle Haustveit, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary (Fossil Energy), both of the Department.
SD-366 9:45 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nomination of Paul Dabbar, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
SR-253 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Homeland Security.
SD-124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine winning the AI race, focusing on strengthening United States capabilities in computing and innovation.
SR-253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nominations of James O'Neill, of California, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Janette Nesheiwat, of New York, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General SD-430 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider the nomination of Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile;