Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Bob Wesley was born in Marietta, Georgia, in 1953 to Martha ``Pete'' Wesley and Frank Wesley.
Bob was the middle son among six siblings and was always different and quick-witted.
As a child who stood head and shoulders above other kindergartners, he immediately befriended the shortest kid in class.
He convinced his brothers to play pranks on their mother, once taping over the speaker inside her phone, prompting a repairman visit and an eye roll from her.
But while someone who didn't know him saw a goofy, funny jokester, he also showed an adult-like interest in government and protecting the rights of others.
He was stubborn.
Rather than following the rules and cutting his long hair, Bob dropped out of Lakeland High School and enrolled in night school instead.
He became a photographer and, for a short time, a traveling mechanic with a drag race funny car team, the Houston Hustler.
He then attended Polk County Community College and received his bachelor's in history at the University.
Bob found his passion when he pursued his interest in the law, freedom, and justice at Florida State University College.
He was then admitted to the Florida Bar and became a board-certified trial attorney.
He eventually settled down in Orlando.
After decades as a successful defense attorney, Bob was elected as a Democrat for the Office of the Public Defender of Orange and Osceola counties in 2001.
He was elected by the people and served in this role for 24 years, retiring in January of 2025.
During his tenure as a public defender, Bob partnered with the community to help make justice equitable for all, regardless of race, status, or socioeconomic status.
This was his legacy.
He gained national attention for his work to ensure professional clothing for his clients, those accused of crimes, those facing involuntary commitment for mental health and addiction, and children who appeared in delinquency cases.
Bob hosted an annual clothing drive where he would greet people with smiles and jokes as they dropped off their clothes to be worn in court by his clients.
He also created a community bail fund to help those without resources pay bail and be released from jail while awaiting trial.
Bob was an outspoken advocate against police profiling and harsher sentences for Black and brown people.
He lobbied aggressively to reduce time behind bars for low-level, first-time offenders, fought for civil citations over arrests, and brought attention to issues with evidence handling and arrests of children in his circuit.