Mr. Young was third generation native of Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
George was the second baby born at the then newly completed Broward General Hospital in 1938.
He attended Broward County public schools and graduated from Fort Lauderdale High School, and he was raised in a family with a long history of community service.
His mother, Virginia S. Young, served on the School Board and was Mayor.
His father, George F. Young, was a general contractor, as was his grandfather George Waugh Young.
His grandfather established George Young Construction in 1911 and built many structures in Fort Lauderdale, including the Riverside Hotel and First United Methodist Church.
George was a man with many talents, but education was his calling.
In 1969, he became Vice President of Student Affairs at Broward College, a position to which he would dedicate the next 30 years of his career.
During his tenure, he developed student affairs divisions on four campuses, watching enrollment grow from 3,000 to 6,000 students.
He believed everyone was entitled to a college education and devoted his career to mentoring those who might not otherwise have had the means to attend college.
After retirement, George applied the building skills his father and grandfather had imparted upon him, building his own home on Lower Matecumbe in the Florida Keys.
He enjoyed his retirement there and in Hendersonville, North Carolina, where he spent many vacations visiting his grandparents as a child.
His greatest joy, however, came as a grandfather to his three grandchildren.
He spent countless hours and time helping to mentor his three grandchildren into thoughtful and community-minded human beings.
He passed down many of his virtues and passions to them, including a love of history, Lionel train collecting, and fishing.
His collection of vintage Lionel trains is one of the largest in the country, the result of a passion he developed as a teenager while employed as the Lionel train repairman at Hobby House in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
My heart is with George's family, friends, and colleagues, but his loss will be felt by our entire community.
His humility and kindness touched everyone who knew him.