Mr. Foster's involvement with the Boys & Girls Club began at the age of five when he followed his older brothers to the Club in Kingston, New York.
Inspired and grateful for the coaching, mentoring, and encouragement he received, 
Mr. Foster knew from a young age that he would continue his participation by pursuing a career in the Boys & Girls Club of America (BGCA).
After obtaining a Bachelor of Science from Springfield College, Mr. Foster started his career in the Boys & Girls Club.
He served as the first full-time Social Recreation/Team Director.
During this time, 
Mr. Foster fulfilled diverse roles such as Swim Instructor, Coach, Program Director, Operations Director, and Assistant Executive Director.
By 2006, 
Mr. Foster earned his Masters of Human Resource Development at Clemson University and was appointed as Executive Director at the Boys & Girls Club.
His work for the Boys & Girls Club expanded beyond Clifton serving as the Acting Director of the City of Garfield from 2007 to 2009 as well as the Treasurer and member of the Executive Board of the Boys & Girls Club.
As Executive Director of the Boys & Girls Club of Clifton, Mr. Foster's leadership contributed to the Club's growth ultimately accumulating 5,400 registered members.
He collaborated with the Board of Trustees to manage an operational budget of $6.4 million which accounted for 28 full-time and 175 part-time staff members, all program operations, and the appointment of a new chief executive officer.
During his tenure, 
Mr. Foster partnered with the Clifton Board of Education to establish the Minds in Motion, 21st Century Grant for Schools No. 4, No. 12, and No. 17.
Mr. Foster embodied the values of service over self and effectively empowered our youth by fostering their personal and academic growth.
Outside of the Boys & Girls Club, 
Mr. Foster's community service throughout the years includes his involvement in Clifton's Interagency Council, the Passaic County Workforce Development Council, Clifton Optimist Club, Rotary Club of Clifton, and his work as a Commissioner with the Clifton Board.