HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize May as

Huntington's Disease Awareness Month.
I want to take a moment to honor

the courage and strength of families across the Nation who face

lifelong hardships due to this disease--including one of my own

constituents, Rachel Reising, and her family.
It is so important for

families like Rachel's for us to encourage dialogue and acknowledgement

of Huntington's Disease so we can work to improve prevention and care

of affected folks at the federal level.
Huntington's disease is a rare genetic disorder that slowly damages

the brain over time.
It leads to a progressive loss of control over

movements, thoughts, and emotions.
There is currently no cure.
However,

there is hope.
Because of ongoing advancements in medical research and

continued investments in biomedical science, we are closer than ever to

the possibility of breakthrough treatments and perhaps even a cure in

the decade ahead through gene therapy.
Rachel, my constituent, recently reached out to me to bravely share

her story.
As she grieves the loss of her father, whom she tragically

lost to Huntington's, it has become her life's mission to advocate for

proper care of those with Huntington's and for a cure.
I am so moved by

her strength and resilience.
In honor of Rachel's family and the tens of thousands of others who

face Huntington's Disease, I am proud to lend my voice to this cause.
May this month serve not only as a time of remembrance and education,

but also a call to action.
I ask my colleagues to do everything we can

to help those living with rare diseases such as Huntington's Disease,

and to fight for more research, better support, and even greater care.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 15, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 20

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Homeland Security.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human

Services, and Education, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Health and Human

Services.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of State.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine defending against drones,

focusing on setting safeguards for counter unmanned

aircraft systems.
2 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related

Programs

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of State.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.