May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LYNN WHITE

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Lynn White has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. White was a strong advocate for bringing in government and

non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Lynn White has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARY ``ADAMS'' ADAMCZEWSKI

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Mary ``Adams'' Adamczewski has made to our community

as a volunteer with People Helping People (PHP) as its Treasurer of the

Board of Directors since 2016.
Her budgeting and accounting skills

alone make her a wonderful addition to PHP, but she brings so much

more.
Mary's heart for helping those who are hungry is huge.
She is at

PHP's HELP Center nearly every day it's open, cooking, preparing, and

serving food to the thousands of neighbors the organization feeds each

year.
This woman can make a meal out of typical pantry items that

tastes gourmet.
In addition to weekdays, you can count on Mary to be at

the facility almost every Sunday, along with a loyal team of other

volunteers, ensuring those that are unhoused or unable to afford much

food receive a wonderful, hot meal.
In addition to those who enjoy the

sit-down meals on Sunday, she makes sure that two families with a

combined total of nearly two dozen children also receive a nutritious

and delicious Sunday meal.
Because of the length of time she's been

with PHP and her deep involvement with PHP's mission, Mary also serves

as an ``unofficial'' historian.
Mary digs in with whatever needs to be

done, even making the weekly run to the Recycling Center with the

recyclables accumulated at PHP.
And there's more.
If a client needs a

haircut, Mary brings her electric razor, and in no time, someone has a

fresh new look.
One of PHP's long-time clients was recently

hospitalized.
He had no family but he and Mary had a special

relationship, and he considered her his ``family''.
Mary was the one to

visit him in his final days and made sure that he was well taken care

of to the end.
Another gentleman is not only unhoused, but has

Huntington's Disease.
Mary assists him with making sure he always has

food and other necessities, and takes him to his medical appointments.
Her kindness and energy knows no bounds.
She is respected by everyone

at PHP and wears so many different hats.
Mary does all this with the

support of her loving family.
It is clear Mary ``Adams'' Adamczewski has made a profoundly positive

impact on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all

strive to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAY AS HUNTINGTON'S DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize May as

Huntington's Disease Awareness Month.
I want to take a moment to honor

the courage and strength of families across the Nation who face

lifelong hardships due to this disease--including one of my own

constituents, Rachel Reising, and her family.