10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine defending against drones,

focusing on setting safeguards for counter unmanned

aircraft systems.
2 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related

Programs

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of State.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons program in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
MAY 21

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To receive a closed briefing on an update on Yemen.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 190, to enhance the

operations of the North Pacific Research Board, S. 318,

to require a plan to improve the cybersecurity and

telecommunications of the U.S. Academic Research Fleet,

S. 337, to amend title 49, United States Code, to

clarify the authority of the Administrator of the

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration relating to

the shipping of household goods, S. 503, to direct the

Federal Communications Commission to evaluate and

consider the impact of the telecommunications network

equipment supply chain on the deployment of universal

service, S. 1092, to require certain products to be

labeled with `Do Not Flush' labeling, S. 1442, to amend

title 49, United States Code, to allow for eligibility

for projects for the installation of human trafficking

awareness signs at rest stops, S. 1523, to modify

operations of the National Water Center of the National

Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, S. 1626, to

reauthorize the National Landslide Preparedness Act,

and the nominations of David Fink, of New Hampshire, to

be Administrator of the Federal Railroad

Administration, David Fogel, of Connecticut, to be

Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of

the United States and Foreign Commercial Service,

Robert Gleason, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the

Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, and

Pierre Gentin, of New York, to be General Counsel of

the Department of Commerce, and promotions in the Coast

Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the state of higher

education.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine fueling America's

manufacturing comeback.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Dudley

Hoskins, of the District of Columbia, to be Under

Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, and

Scott Hutchins, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary for

Research, Education, and Economics, both of the

Department of Agriculture.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and

Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of the Interior.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine science and Federal health

agencies, focusing on Myocarditis and other events

associated with the COVID-19 vaccines.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Energy.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Small Business Administration.