Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Cybersecurity

To hold hearings to examine defense of the Department of

Defense Information Network; to be immediately followed

by a closed session in SVC-217 at 3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Seapower

To hold hearings to examine Navy unmanned systems.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold hearings to examine AI-generated deepfakes.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 214, to amend title 38,

United States Code, to increase the rate of the special

pension payable to Medal of Honor recipients, S. 219,

to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry

out a pilot program to improve the ability of veterans

to access medical care in medical facilities of the

Department of Veterans Affairs and in the community by

providing veterans the ability to choose health care

providers, S. 506, to require the Secretary of Veterans

Affairs to carry out a pilot program to coordinate,

navigate, and manage care and benefits for veterans

enrolled in both the Medicare program and the system of

annual patient enrollment of the Department of Veterans

Affairs, S. 585, to amend title 38, United States Code,

to establish a pre-transition health care registration

process to facilitate enrollment in the patient

enrollment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs

by members of the Armed Forces who are separating from

the Armed Forces, S. 599, to amend title 38, United

States Code, to increase the mileage rate offered by

the Department of Veterans Affairs through their

Beneficiary Travel program for health related travel,

S. 605, to amend title 38, United States Code, to

increase the maximum age for children eligible for

medical care under the CHAMPVA program, S. 635, to

amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the

Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recognize nurse

registries for purposes of the Veterans Community Care

Program, S. 649, to amend title 38, United States Code,

to expand eligibility for Post-9/11 Educational

Assistance to members of the National Guard who perform

certain full-time duty, S. 778, to amend title 38,

United States Code, to require a lactation space in

each medical center of the Department of Veterans

Affairs, S. 784, to expand and modify the grant program

innovative transportation options to veterans in highly

rural areas, S. 800, to modify the Precision Medicine

for Veterans Initiative of the Department of Veterans

Affairs, S. 827, to extend and modify the

transportation grant program of the Department of

Veterans Affairs, S. 879, to expand medical,

employment, and other benefits for individuals serving

as family caregivers for certain veterans, S. 1318, to

direct the American Battle Monuments Commission to

establish a program to identify American-Jewish

servicemembers buried in United States military

cemeteries overseas under markers that incorrectly

represent their religion and heritage, S. 1320, to

direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of

Veterans Affairs to take certain steps regarding

research related to menopause, perimenopause, or mid-

life women's health, S. 1383, to establish the Veterans

Advisory Committee on Equal Access, S. 1441, to require

the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to

nonprofit entities to assist such entities in carrying

out programs to provide service dogs to eligible

veterans, S. 1533, to amend title 38, United States

Code, to make permanent and codify the pilot program

for use of contract physicians for disability

examinations, S. 1543, to amend title 38, United States

Code, to establish in the Department of Veterans

Affairs the Veterans Economic Opportunity and

Transition Administration, and S. 1591, to amend title

38, United States Code, to reorganize the acquisition

structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to

establish the Director of Cost Assessment and Program

Evaluation in the Department.