Major General Hara's career continued a legacy of service that began

with his late father, Lieutenant Colonel Henry Hara.
Alongside his

three brothers, Major General Hara has ensured that the Hara name is

synonymous with service to our state and the nation.
This career dedicated to service has also been a family commitment,

and I would be remiss if I did not also thank Major General Hara's wife

Myoung and his children Kristin, Julia, Nichole, Justin, and Alicia.
Their support and sacrifice made his success possible for all of us.
As he and his entire family transition to a new chapter, I proudly

join them in celebrating a tremendous career that will continue to

inspire and motivate future generations of leaders.
But even more

importantly, I wish them all the best in enjoying a well-earned

retirement.
Mahalo to Ken for all that he has done and given to Hawaii and our

country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NEW JERSEY'S SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT'S HOMETOWN HEROES

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

hometown heroes, first responders and law enforcement, who keep us safe

every day.
In recognition of National Police Week in May, my office put

out a call for nominations for the first NJ-07 Law Enforcement Hometown

Heroes initiative.
Twenty-two law enforcement professionals from across

New Jersey's 7th Congressional District were nominated by their chiefs

and supervisors for the outstanding work they do every day.
It is my

honor to play a small role in recognizing their efforts as a token of

appreciation for the difficult and often thankless task of keeping our

communities safe.
I will always support these men and women in blue,

and I look forward to welcoming each of these hometown heroes to a

ceremony in October to formally recognize them in-person.
In

recognition of their bravery and commitment, I would like to include in

the Record the names of these twenty-two Hometown Heroes:

Officer Alyse Brown, Sparta Township Police Department, Staff

Sergeant Brent Hawkswell, New Jersey State Police, Officer Connor

Strohm, Readington Township Police Department, Sergeant Daniel Kern,

Hopatcong Police Department, Lieutenant Donald Sretenovic, New

Providence Police Department, Lieutenant Douglas Baylor, Phillipsburg

Police Department, Detective Elizabeth Savnik, Westfield Police

Department, Corporal Gretchen Malone, Hunterdon County Sheriff's

Office, Officer Jarren Mann, Hunterdon County Sheriff's Office, Officer

Jessica Gutsick, High Bridge Police Department, Officer John M.

Simonetti Jr., Mount Olive Police Department, Captain Jonathan Rachel,

Springfield Police Department, Captain Michael Jackson, Mountainside

Police Department, Captain Miguel Acabou, Clark Police Department,

Officer Nicholas J. Villa, Raritan Township Police Department,

Patrolman Peter Zabita, Hopatcong Police Department, Corporal Ryan

Kamieniencki, Far Hills Police Department, Captain Scott Rayack, Rahway

Police Department, Lieutenant Thomas Polito, Bedminster Township Police

Department, Sergeant Timothy Richard, Bernardsville Police Department,

Sergeant Tracy Baldassare, Bernards Township Police Department, and

Officer Vincent Conti, Scotch Plains Police Department.
We are grateful for the commitment and sacrifice they make every

single day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TOM RAFFIO FOR RECEIVING THE WALTER R. PETERSON AWARD

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Tom Raffio on

receiving the Walter R. Peterson Award for Education and Public

Service.
The Walter R. Peterson Award for Education and Public Service

is presented to an individual whose contributions best exemplify the

late governor's values of public service and dedication to higher

education.
As a passionate civic leader, Tom's community leadership spans across

numerous New Hampshire organizations that support local education

initiatives, youth programs, health causes, and the arts.
Tom believes

in the importance of access and affordability to quality post-secondary

education for all New Hampshire residents.
Under Tom's leadership, the Northeast Delta Dental Foundation is

committed to improving oral health care accessibility and education.
This Foundation supports oral health programs each year throughout New

Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine.