Tom believes

in the importance of access and affordability to quality post-secondary

education for all New Hampshire residents.
Under Tom's leadership, the Northeast Delta Dental Foundation is

committed to improving oral health care accessibility and education.
This Foundation supports oral health programs each year throughout New

Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine.
It also addresses the shortage of

dentists in under-served communities by raising funding for medicine

scholarships and dental education loan repayment programs.
In New

Hampshire, one of the dental health education programs serves adult

clients with disabilities, many of whom encounter oral health

challenges.
Further expanding its community impact under Tom's

leadership, it has grown to include numerous local community partners

to join this philanthropic mission.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to extend my gratitude to Tom Raffio for his

exceptional commitment to serving New Hampshire.
We thank Tom for his

leadership and contributions to advance health equity and the overall

wellness of our local communities.
His work has enriched so many lives

and is an inspiration for us all to join together and improve the lives

of our community members.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE SAN PABLO NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE EXPANSION ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the ``San Pablo Bay

National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act.''
I thank U.S. Senator Alex

Padilla (D-CA) for sponsoring the companion legislation and my

colleagues, Congressmen Jared Huffman (D-CA) and Mike Thompson (D-CA)

for cosponsoring my bill.
The San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge is one of California's

treasured places, protecting more than 24,390 acres of tidal marshes

and wetlands in the north San Francisco Bay Area.
As part of the

Pacific Flyway, the National Wildlife Refuge provides critical habitat

for endangered species and migratory birds.
The ``San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act'' would

add approximately 5,658 acres of adjacent baylands owned by the State

Wildlife Refuge's boundary.
This expansion would increase the National

Wildlife Refuge's acreage by more than 23 percent, supporting President

Biden's ``America the Beautiful'' National Conservation Goal to protect

and conserve at least 30 percent of the lands and waters in the United

States by 2030 and Governor Newsom's similar conservation goal for the

State of California.
Conserving California's special places has been a lifelong passion

throughout my tenure in the State Legislature, as Deputy Secretary of

the Interior to President Clinton, and now as a Member of Congress

representing Solano County.
San Pablo Bay is one of those special

places.
This bill will help to restore the saltmarshes in San Pablo Bay

for future generations and increase outdoor recreation opportunities

for Bay Area residents and visitors alike.
Importantly, this bill does not infringe upon state interests or

individual property owners and prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife

Service from using eminent domain to acquire properties within the

expanded boundaries.
Instead, the bill directs the U.S. Fish and

Wildlife Service to only acquire land within the newly extended

boundary from willing sale or donation.
Furthermore, the bill

encourages the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to engage in cooperative

management with state agencies to better manage the National Wildlife

Refuge and nearby state conservation lands within the San Pablo Bay

watershed.
This bill is inspired by the tireless efforts of the late U.S.

Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and the late Congressman Don Edwards

(D-CA) to restore and conserve the Bay Area's saltmarshes and wetlands.
Thanks to their leadership and steadfast work, the Don Edwards San

Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge in the South Bay now encompasses

over 30,000 acres of habitat for millions of migratory birds and

endangered species.
It is an honor to continue Senator Feinstein and

Congressman Edwards' legacy of protecting and restoring resilient

bayland ecosystems that benefit both wildlife, people, and our planet.