His dedication to supporting fellow veterans and their families

highlights his belief in service beyond self.
Those who know Walter describe him as embodying the values of duty,

honor, and country.
His selfless commitment to helping others continues

to inspire all who meet him.
To honor his sacrifice and service, I am pleased to award retired USN

Senior Chief Petty Officer Walter Miller Lavender with a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT DONALD LYNN McDONALD, USMC, RETIRED WITH A

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor retired USMC Staff

Sergeant Donald Lynn McDonald of Groesbeck, Texas, by presenting him

with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His dedication to veteran's

causes in retirement reflects the ideals of our Country's core values.
Born in Mexia, Texas, Donald McDonald answered the call to serve by

joining the United States Marine Corps in the 1970s.
Over more than six

years of active duty, he demonstrated exceptional commitment and skill.
Serving as an Electric Systems Technician, he began his active service

in 1971 in Beaufort, South Carolina.
His exemplary performance earned

him the M-14 Marksman Classification, the National Defense Service

Medal, the Good Conduct Medal, and a Letter of Appreciation,

highlighting his professionalism and dedication to duty.
Upon his honorable discharge, Staff Sergeant McDonald continued his

legacy of service within Limestone County.
He became an active member

of the Limestone County History Committee, where he focused on locating

individuals in cemeteries and assisting families in finding their lost

relatives.
His efforts have provided closure and solace to many

families, underscoring his compassion and commitment to his community.
Currently, he serves as the Limestone County Veteran Service Officer.
In this role, he has achieved accreditation and has been instrumental

in assisting numerous veterans throughout the community.
His tireless

work ensures that veterans and their families receive the benefits and

support they have rightfully earned.
Donald's unwavering dedication

reflects a deep respect for the sacrifices of his fellow service

members and a genuine desire to enhance their quality of life.
This nomination is not only a tribute to Donald's profound commitment

to his fellow citizens but also a recognition of the entire Veterans of

Foreign Wars community in Limestone County.
His selfless dedication

embodies the highest ideals of service and citizenship.
I am honored to award retired USMC Staff Sergeant Donald Lynn

McDonald with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER AND LEGACY OF JUDGE SARA J. SMOLENSKI

HON.
HILLARY J. SCHOLTEN

Ms. SCHOLTEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of my

constituent, the Honorable Sara J. Smolenski, who is retiring from the

Kent County 63rd District Court after 34 years of outstanding public

service.
As a trailblazer in our West Michigan community, Judge

Smolenski has dedicated her professional life to serving the people of

Kent County.
Judge Smolenski served as a private attorney and an assistant city

attorney in Grand Rapids prior to her judgeship.
She was first elected

to the court in 1990 and served as Chief Justice for over a quarter

century, from 1996 to 2023.
Throughout her life, she has supported

local organizations such as the Hospice of Michigan, Kent County

Literacy Council, RAVE (Resources Against Violent Encounters) to Women

of West Michigan, and the Young Women's Christian Association.
Her

incredible service to our community has not gone unnoticed, receiving

awards from organizations such as the American Red Cross and Women

Lawyers Association of Michigan.
In 2016, Judge Smolenski became the first elected official to enter a

same-sex marriage in Kent County when she married her partner of 27

years.
She remains a role model for women and LGBTQ+ people in

Michigan's

Third District, and I am honored to celebrate her today.