Title: CELEBRATING RIDGWAY, PA BICENTENNIAL YEAR; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
150

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING RIDGWAY, PA BICENTENNIAL YEAR

HON.
GLENN THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize

Ridgway, Pennsylvania's Bicentennial year.
In 1817, Philadelphian shipping merchant Jacob Ridgway purchased

120,000 acres of land in Northwest Pennsylvania.
Forty thousand of these acres would officially become Elk County on

April 18, 1843 with Ridgway as the county seat.
According to historians, the town of Ridgway was established in 1824

when one of Mr. Ridgway's nephews, James Gillis, convinced Ridgway that

his land, which was filled with an abundance of lumber, could become a

lucrative business opportunity.
In the past two hundred years, Ridgway has evolved into a thriving

community where the lumber industry continues to flourish.
Ridgway is home to the Ridgway Chainsaw Carving Rendezvous.
What began as a shared passion of family and friends enthusiastic

about wood carving has grown into the largest chainsaw carving

gathering of its kind, attracting visitors from across the globe.
Mr. Speaker, Ridgway, PA, is home to a vibrant community, and I hope

you will join me in wishing Ridgway a happy 200th-year celebration.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE REMARKABLE AND CONTINUED LEADERSHIP AND SERVICE OF MR.
SCOTT BIELER

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the remarkable

and continued leadership and service of Mr. Scott Bieler.
As the President and CEO of West Herr, Scott leads the largest

privately-owned automotive group in New York State, and one of the

biggest in the United States.
All told, there are over 3,000 employees

across 39 locations in Erie, Niagara, Monroe, and Ontario counties,

with new expansions and locations always on the horizon.
Scott has continued to go above and beyond, and while he is known as

generous--few know the extent of his philanthropy throughout the

community.
Scott is actively involved and supports many charitable and

community initiatives, including the Roswell Park Alliance Foundation,

Visit Buffalo Niagara, and Daemen University.
On Thursday, September 26th, Mr. Scott Bieler will be honored at

Buffalo Niagara Partnership's Second Annual Economic Development

Summit, where he will receive the 2024 Industry Leader Award.
On behalf

of Western New York, I am proud to congratulate my friend on his many

accomplishments, and I join him in celebrating this well-deserved

award.
I therefore ask that this legislative body now join me in celebrating

Mr. Bieler's accomplishments, along with his continued dedication to

leadership and community service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CITY OF HOPE ON BEING NAMED A TOP 5 HOSPITAL FOR CANCER

CARE

HON.
GRACE F. NAPOLITANO

Mrs. NAPOLITANO.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate City of Hope's National

Medical Center in Duarte, California on being recognized as one of the

nation's top 5 hospitals for cancer care by the U.S. News & World

Report's 2024-2025 rankings.
In the same report, the center was also

rated as high performing in six cancer procedures: lung cancer surgery,

colon cancer surgery, prostate cancer surgery, gynecologic cancer

surgery, gastroenterology and GI cancer surgery, and in the treatment

of leukemia, lymphoma and myeloma.
City of Hope is the only freestanding National Cancer Institute-

designated Comprehensive Cancer Center in California that is not

affiliated with a university.
Their system in California includes the

Duarte campus, a new cancer center in Orange County, and clinical

locations across Southern California, along with cancer treatment

centers and outpatient facilities in the Atlanta, Chicago, and Phoenix

areas.
City of Hope continues to be a national leader and innovator in

a range of complex cancer types and innovative technologies, and

because of them, hundreds of thousands of lives continue to be saved

through these advances.