City of Hope is the only freestanding National Cancer Institute-

designated Comprehensive Cancer Center in California that is not

affiliated with a university.
Their system in California includes the

Duarte campus, a new cancer center in Orange County, and clinical

locations across Southern California, along with cancer treatment

centers and outpatient facilities in the Atlanta, Chicago, and Phoenix

areas.
City of Hope continues to be a national leader and innovator in

a range of complex cancer types and innovative technologies, and

because of them, hundreds of thousands of lives continue to be saved

through these advances.
I know firsthand of the dedication and devotion that City of Hope is

committed to offering all who are in need, particularly to those from

traditionally underserved communities.
It has been a trusted

institution in Southern California, offering superior care to the

community for many decades.
I congratulate City of Hope and all its staff on this well-deserved

national recognition by U.S. World News & Reports, and I wish them

continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MAJOR GENERAL KENNETH S. HARA ON HIS SERVICE AND

RETIREMENT

HON.
JILL N. TOKUDA

Ms. TOKUDA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Major General

Kenneth S. Hara, the Adjutant General of the State of Hawaii, on his

retirement from the Hawaii National Guard after a celebrated 40 years

of service to our state and our nation.
As Hawaii's adjutant general, Major General Hara serves as commander

Management Agency.
In those roles, he has led the state's response to

some of the most challenging and complex emergencies in Hawaii's

history.
In March 2020, just a few months after Major General Hara

became the adjutant general, Governor Josh Green asked him to serve as

the state's incident commander for the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thanks to his

leadership, Hawaii's response to the pandemic was among the most

successful in the country.
Over the course of his career, Major General Hara also served as the

dual status commander of Joint Task Force-50 in response to the Kilauea

eruption and Hurricane Lane in 2018 and as commander of Task Force KOA

after the 2006 Hawaii Island earthquake.
And as a First Lieutenant over

thirty years ago, he played a key role in supporting the state's

response to Hurricane Iniki in 1992.
But what I will most remember Major General Hara for is his role in

leading the state's response to the August 2023 wildfires on Maui and

supporting their recovery.
As the freshman representative for Hawaii's

Second Congressional District that spans all eight of our islands, I am

grateful to Major General Hara for his work in coordinating the state's

response to this unprecedented disaster in our state's history

alongside our local and federal partners.
Throughout his career in the National Guard, Major General Hara

deployed three times.
In 2005, he deployed to Baghdad, Iraq in support

of Operation Iraqi Freedom as commander of the 299th Infantry's 2nd

Battalion.
In 2008, he deployed to Kuwait as deputy commander of the

29th Infantry Brigade Combat Team.
Then, in 2012, this time as

commander of the 29th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, he deployed to

Kandahar in Afghanistan.
His many awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, the Defense

Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star with one

Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster, the Meritorious Service Medal with three

Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters, the Army Aviator Badge, and the Combat

Infantryman Badge.
Major General Hara's career continued a legacy of service that began

with his late father, Lieutenant Colonel Henry Hara.
Alongside his

three brothers, Major General Hara has ensured that the Hara name is

synonymous with service to our state and the nation.
This career dedicated to service has also been a family commitment,

and I would be remiss if I did not also thank Major General Hara's wife

Myoung and his children Kristin, Julia, Nichole, Justin, and Alicia.