This bill is inspired by the tireless efforts of the late U.S.

Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and the late Congressman Don Edwards

(D-CA) to restore and conserve the Bay Area's saltmarshes and wetlands.
Thanks to their leadership and steadfast work, the Don Edwards San

Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge in the South Bay now encompasses

over 30,000 acres of habitat for millions of migratory birds and

endangered species.
It is an honor to continue Senator Feinstein and

Congressman Edwards' legacy of protecting and restoring resilient

bayland ecosystems that benefit both wildlife, people, and our planet.
The ``San Pablo National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act'' takes a

critical step toward preserving the Bay Area's ecological diversity and

ensuring the resilience of our communities as we continue fighting the

climate crisis.
I thank the hundreds of Bay Area residents and

Californians who participated in the public comment period on my draft

bill announced in September 2023.
Their thoughtful comments and

overwhelming support made this a stronger bill.
My colleagues and I are honored to introduce this bill to help

restore vital ecosystems and improve the north Bay's climate resiliency

by preserving one of California's special places for future

generations.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to join us in

cosponsoring this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHANDRA CHEESEBOROUGH

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chandra

Cheeseborough, who was named a 2024 She Leads Woman of Distinction.
Chandra Cheeseborough is an example of a world record breaking

Olympic Champion with a successful coaching career after receiving one

athletes.
Chandra broke onto the international track scene at age 16, winning

two gold medals at the 1975 Pan American Games, taking the 200 meters

in an American record time of 22.77 seconds.
In 1976, she set the World

junior record at 11.13 seconds, placing second at the U.S. Olympic

trials, then placing sixth in that event at the Montreal Olympic games.
Chandra graduated from Jean Ribault High School in Jacksonville,

Florida in 1977, where she set the still standing NFHS national high

school records in both the 100-yard and 220-yard dashes.
She attended

Tennessee State, where she was a member of national championship teams

that set world indoor records.
She qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic

team but was unable to compete due to the Summer Olympics boycott.
She

won the national indoor 200-yard dash in 1979, 1981, 1982 and 1983.
Chandra's breakthrough year in the 400-meter race came in 1984, when

she set two American records in the event, then placing second in the

Los Angeles Olympics in a career best of 49.05, the No.
10 performer of

all time.
She made history at the 1984 games when she became the first

woman to win gold medals in both relays, which were held less than an

hour apart.
In 1999 she was named head coach of both men and women's track and

cross-country teams leading her Tigerbells to 6 Ohio Valley Conference

Championships.
She also served as assistant coach for the 2008 Beijing

Olympics hurdles and sprints.
Her faith in Christ has been a beacon of hope and strength to her

student athletes.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating this

inspiring woman of distinction.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL HAROLD EUGENE RAFUSE, USAF, RETIRED,

WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired USAF

Lieutenant Colonel Harold Eugene Rafuse, of Crawford, Texas, by

presenting him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His

persistent efforts in fostering beliefs of sacrifice and respect

reflect his value as a leader during service and in retirement.
Lieutenant Colonel Rafuse devoted nearly 20 years to active duty in

the United States Air Force serving with distinction in a variety of

critical roles.