Her

incredible service to our community has not gone unnoticed, receiving

awards from organizations such as the American Red Cross and Women

Lawyers Association of Michigan.
In 2016, Judge Smolenski became the first elected official to enter a

same-sex marriage in Kent County when she married her partner of 27

years.
She remains a role model for women and LGBTQ+ people in

Michigan's

Third District, and I am honored to celebrate her today.
Mr. Speaker, once more I ask my colleagues to join me in commending

Judge Sara J. Smolenski for her commitment to public service, justice,

and the people of Kent County.
I hope her retirement is restful and

filled with joy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 26, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 13

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Matthew

James Marzano, of Illinois, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Matthew Kaplan, of

Maryland, to be Federal Cochairperson of the Great

Lakes Authority, and 43 General Services Administration

resolutions.