LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to Lt.
Governor Pamela

Evette, who was named a 2024 She Leads Woman of Distinction.
Pamela Evette, the 93rd Lieutenant Governor, and the first female

Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina, demonstrates God's love for

families and children.
She has worked to support early childhood

education, school reading programs, school choice, and South Carolina

non-profits.
Pamela is also a staunch supporter of parental rights, the

military, and law enforcement knowing the importance of a safe

environment for the future of our country and the next generation.
An entrepreneur and businesswoman, Pamela has received numerous

accolades, including the ATHENA Leadership Award and the Enterprising

Woman of the Year Award.
Since taking office in 2019, Pamela has been

laser-focused on utilizing her professional background to highlight

South Carolina's thriving small business ecosystem, attract new

business to the state, and promote innovative public-private

partnerships.
To help highlight and protect South Carolina's natural

resources,

Pamela created the Grab-A-Bag South Carolina annual statewide litter

clean up initiative in partnership with Palmetto Pride.
She also joined

the SC7 Expedition to raise awareness for floodwater prevention.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating this

inspiring woman of distinction.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SENIOR CHIEF PETTY OFFICER WALTER MILLER LAVENDER, USN,

RETIRED, WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired USN Senior

Chief Petty Officer Walter Miller Lavender, of Lorena, Texas, by

presenting him with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His

remarkable accomplishments reflect a life dedicated not only to the

greater good but also to his community and his country.
exemplifying

the values that define true patriotism.
Walter began his journey at Cisco Junior College on a football

scholarship and gained recognition as an award-winning boxer.
He later

transferred to Midwestern State University but chose in 1961 to enlist

in the United States Navy, answering a higher call to serve.
Trained as a medic, he was first stationed in Guam, where he honed

his medical skills and survived the devastating Super Typhoon Karen in

1962.
His resilience and commitment were further demonstrated during

two tours in Vietnam.
In 1965, as a Combat Medic with the 7th Marines

near Quy Nhon, he provided critical care to wounded soldiers under

fire.
In 1970.
aboard the helicopter carrier USS Iwo Jima, he was

responsible for evacuating casualties, ensuring that injured service

members received timely medical attention.
Walter also served aboard the USS Dewey and the USS Ward, showcasing

versatility and leadership across multiple assignments.
After over 22

years of distinguished service.
he retired in 1983 as a Senior Chief

Hospital Corpsman from the Marine Corps Reserve in Waco, Texas.
His exemplary service is reflected in the numerous decorations he

received: the Presidential Unit Citation, Navy Unit Commendation, five

Good Conduct Awards, the National Defense Service Medal, the Republic

of Vietnam Service Medal with two Bronze Stars, the Republic of Vietnam

Campaign Medal with Device, the Republic of Vietnam Meritorious Unit

Citation Gallantry Cross, and the Seventh Fleet ``Shell Back''

Recognition aboard the USS Dewey.
Following his military career, Walter continued to serve his

community as a Radiologic Technologist in local hospitals until his

retirement in 2014.
He also served as a Municipal Court Judge in the

1980s, demonstrating his ongoing commitment to public service.
Today, he remains actively involved as the treasurer of the Heart of

Texas Vietnam Veterans Association Chapter 1012 and serves as a health

and wellness advisor and PTSD mentor at the Waco Veterans One-Stop and

the Heart of Texas Behavioral Health Network.
His dedication to supporting fellow veterans and their families

highlights his belief in service beyond self.
Those who know Walter describe him as embodying the values of duty,

honor, and country.
His selfless commitment to helping others continues

to inspire all who meet him.