the Provision on Congressional Disapproval of The Rule Submitted By The Bureau Of Consumer Financial Protection Relating To ``Small Business Lending Under The Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
Mr. Speaker, the beginning of so many great American stories is built around starting a small business in your family name, becoming a foundation in your local community--making it in America.
Small businesses are major drivers of wealth creation in our overall economy.
They account for two-thirds of net new jobs and nearly half of our U.S. economic activity.
For many of them, that dream stalls with going to a bank and getting a small business loan.
For many Americans, the sound of their name, the color of their skin, the language that they speak or who they love can doom that dream if a bank says that they are at risk.
This isn't hypothetical.
I, too, was born and raised in south Texas, I can tell you that when I go home and I see some businesses that have closed, I ask my family whether it was due to the pandemic, or no demand for the cost of services that they had.
I am told that they just had trouble with finances, and they couldn't get a loan.
In some small rural areas, like where I grew up, there aren't credit unions everywhere like there are in the city of Houston where I live now.
Even in the city of Houston, many small businesses during the pandemic couldn't secure a PPP loan in round one.
We [as Congress] had to go in and do a carve-out to literally force the banks to provide loans to small businesses.
I am glad that one of my colleagues was openhearted and gave people a lot of loans.
I just hope that that included loans to minority small businesses.
Mr. Speaker, this is real.
It is not hypothetical.
We know that minority-owned small businesses were less likely to receive a loan during the pandemic compared to White firms.
Regrettably, Mr. Speaker, racism and discrimination flourish in the darkness.
We need to shine a light and allow the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to make lending more transparent.
Mr. Speaker, a transparent market will be a competitive market.
With transparency in lending, banks are driven to compete and offer better terms.
With this resolution, extreme MAGA Republicans are protecting the secret discriminatory practices of big banks and lenders.
Repealing this rule would harm all those who stand to benefit from much-needed transparency.
Make no

mistake, extreme MAGA Republicans continue to put the interests of the big bank CEOs and corporate lobbyists ahead of their constituents.
It is they who, time and time again, put profits over people.
House Democrats will continue protecting everyday consumers and small business owners, while holding corporations accountable.
We will always put people over corporate profits.
We will always put light over darkness.
For additional information on an April 19, 2022 Report from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau titled ``Data Spotlight: Challenges in Rural Banking Access.''
Please see ( https:// files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/cfpb data-spotlight challenges- in-rural-banking 2022-04.pdf).
I include in the Record an April 4, 2021 New York Times article by Stacy Cowley titled ``Minority Entrepreneurs Struggled to Get Small- Business Relief Loans.'' (
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/04/04/business/ ppp-loans-minority-businesses.html ).
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this resolution. [
From the New York Times, April 4, 2021] Minority Entrepreneurs Struggled To Get Small-Business Relief Loans (By Stacy Cowley) A year after the Paycheck Protection Program started, studies show how its design hurt Black- and other minority- owned businesses.
Southern Bancorp is a lender serving the Arkansas and Mississippi Delta, where poverty rates are among the highest in America and decades of redlining shaped neighborhoods with little generational wealth.