When they got access, a rule barring loans to unprofitable solo businesses--a restriction that didn't apply to larger companies--prevented many from getting help.
Most nonbank lenders, including those that specialize in underserved communities, were shut out for weeks while they waited for the Small Business Administration to approve them.
``The focus at the outset was on speed, and it came at the expense of equity,'' said Ashley Harrington, the federal advocacy director at the Center for Responsible Lending.
In the program's final weeks--it is scheduled to stop taking applications on May 31--President Biden's administration has tried to alter its trajectory with rule changes intended to funnel more money toward women- and minority-led businesses, especially those with only a handful of employees.
Mr. Biden took a swipe at his predecessor's track record last week as he signed a bill extending the program's deadline.
``Many small businesses, as you know, particularly Hispanic as well as African-American small businesses, are just out of business because they got bypassed the first time around,'' the president said.
But Mr. Biden's revisions--which, most prominently, expanded lending to independent contractors and others who work for themselves--have run into their own obstacles, including the speed with which they were rushed through.
Lenders, caught off guard, struggled to carry them out, with little time left before the deadline.
``The rules are complicated and constantly changing, and that alone creates an access barrier,'' Randell Leach, the chief executive of Beneficial State Bank in Oakland, Calif. Black and minority businesses suffer Because lenders are not required to collect demographic details on their borrowers, data on the Paycheck Protection Program's racial breakdown has been scarce, but economists have consistently found signs of gaps.
An analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted that some counties with large numbers of Black-owned

businesses--most notably the Bronx, Queens and Wayne County, Mich., which includes Detroit--had strikingly low concentrations of the relief loans.
Majority-white ZIP codes in several metropolitan areas had higher loan coverage than ZIP codes with heavily minority populations, according to a San Francisco Fed analysis released last month.
And data from the Small Business Administration shows the relief effort's tilt.
The vast majority of lenders did not report demographic data on the 3.6 million loans they made this year, but of the 996,000 that included information on the borrower's race, 71 percent of the dollars went to white- owned businesses.
Pilar Guzman Zavala founded Half Moon Empanadas, a small chain of restaurants, in Florida 12 years ago.
She employed 100 people before the pandemic and had established bank accounts and years of detailed business records.
But Ms. Zavala's application stalled at the first two lenders she tried, forcing her to spend a month hunting before she finally found a local bank that would process her loan.
She's grateful for the aid, which helped her hold on to 50 workers, but found the process infuriating.
``The financial system doesn't get to truly small business, Hispanic businesses, women-owned businesses.
It just doesn't,'' she said.
Of the 1,300 Paycheck Protection Program loans that Southern Bancorp made last year, many went to customers who had been turned away by larger banks, Mr. Williams said.
In a recent Federal Reserve survey, nearly 80 percent of small-business owners who are Black or of Asian descent said their companies were in weak financial shape, compared with 54 percent of white business owners.
And Black owners face unique challenges.
While owners from all other demographics told the Fed that their main problem at the moment was low customer demand, Black respondents cited a different top challenge: access to credit.
When Jenell Ross, who runs an auto dealership in Ohio, sought a Paycheck Protection Program loan, her longtime bank told her to look elsewhere--a message that large banks like Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo delivered to many of their customers in the program's frenzied early days.