Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
103

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 17, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 18

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future

Years Defense Program for the Department of Defense; to

be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine modernizing America's rail

network.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Energy.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan

Berry, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, Andrew Rogers, of

Virginia, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour

Division, and Anthony D'Esposito, of New York, to be

Inspector General, all of the Department of Labor, and

Andrea Lucas, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal

Employment Opportunity Commission.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the Biden presidency and the

Constitution.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Army.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine NATO Summit 2025, focusing on an assessment of

transatlantic security cooperation.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence

matters.
JUNE 24

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vice

Admiral Charles B. Cooper II, USN, to be admiral and

Commander, United States Central Command, and

Lieutenant General Alexus G. Grynkewich, USAF, to be

general and Commander, United States European Command

and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, both of the

Department of Defense.
JUNE 25

2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on advancing the Armenia-Azerbaijan

peace deal.
2212-RHOB

POSTPONEMENTS

JUNE 18

10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Whitney

D. Hermandorfer, of Tennessee, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Zachary M.

Bluestone, Maria A. Lanahan, and Cristian M. Stevens,

each to be United States District Judge for the Eastern

District of Missouri, Joshua M. Divine, to be United

States District Judge for the Eastern and Western

Districts of Missouri, Bart McKay Davis, of Idaho, to

be United States Attorney for the District of Idaho for

the term of four years, and David Metcalf, of

Pennsylvania, to be United States Attorney for the

Eastern District of Pennsylvania for the term of four

years.