The Prime Minister may already be aware from his colleagues of the exceptional contribution that my constituent Dr Hadoura has made during a 30-year career in our health service.
He may also be aware that, for the past six to eight weeks, she has been frantic with worry about her 83-year-old mum, who is trapped in Palestine with a number of family members and no way out.
Will he agree to work with the Foreign Office and the Home Office, during this time of some hope in the middle east, to find an urgent way to get vulnerable people, such as Dr Hadoura’s mum, out of danger and into a safe place of refuge while we can?
Tragically, once the ceasefire ends, so too will the chance of survival for too many people in Palestine.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent for her long service in the health service.
I assure him that we are doing everything we can to ensure the safe passage of British nationals out of Gaza.
I will ensure that the Foreign Office gets in touch with him.
All British nationals who have been registered with the Foreign Office have had significant interaction, and we have successfully ensured the safe passage of well over 200 people already.
We will continue to do everything we can for those who remain, and I will ensure that we are in touch with the hon.
Gentleman and his constituent.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, the Alexandra Hospital in Redditch has received nearly £19 million of investment, and we are boosting training places at the Three Counties Medical School.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this is the perfect time to back my campaign to bring back services, so that local mums can once again give birth in their home town and all children can be seen at the hospital, no matter the illness they are experiencing?
I know that my hon.
Friend campaigns passionately for the delivery of first-class healthcare for her constituents.
Like her, I welcome the investment that the Alexandra Hospital has had in recent years in a range of different services.
She will know that reconfigurations of services are, of course, clinically led local decisions following the appropriate  engagement with patients and stakeholders, but I know that she will continue to make her case on behalf of her community.
In June, the Canadian Prime Minister claimed that the Indian Government may be linked to the killing of Canadian Sikh activist Hardeep Singh Nijjar in Canada.
Now, it is reported that the US Government thwarted a second assassination attempt on a Canadian-American citizen on US soil, so will the Prime Minister reassure my Sikh constituents—who have raised their safety concerns with me—that this Government are taking the matter very seriously, and will he raise my constituents’ concerns with his counterpart in India?
I have already made statements on this matter, but crucially, of course, we ensure the safety of all communities in our country.
That is the first duty of government, and we will continue to do that, not just for the Sikh community but for every community here in the UK.
With both the Office for Budget Responsibility and the ONS confirming that the British economy is now substantially larger than they estimated even a few months ago, does my right hon.
Friend agree that the economy has once again proven the detractors wrong and, because unemployment is a corrosive social evil, will he do all he can to ensure that we retain record employment?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
A year ago, not just the OBR but the Bank of England, the International Monetary Fund and the OECD were all predicting that we would fall into a recession this year, but thanks to the actions of this Government and this Chancellor, we have grown the economy.
We saw that momentum carry on just in the past week with Nissan’s announcement of record investment in its new plant in Sunderland, safeguarding the future of thousands of jobs in the north-east and ensuring the transition to electric vehicles.
We also saw it in the summit we hosted, which attracted £30 billion of new investment into the UK.
As my hon.
Friend said, crucially, that investment will support thousands and thousands of jobs in our country.
There are 2,500 disused coal tips in Wales.
The Welsh Government previously asked the Treasury for £600 million to make them safe, and ahead of the autumn statement sought an initial £20 million, but this Tory Government provided nothing.
Rhondda Cynon Taf has the most high-risk coal tips of any local authority, and the spectre of Aberfan looms large over our communities.
Does the Prime Minister think it is right that the UK took the economic benefit from Welsh coal, but will not fund the safety of its legacy?
The UK Government are investing in Wales, with record investment in electrification of the north Wales line and record investment in communities up and down the country.
It is important to recognise that just recently, the UK Government invested hundreds of millions of pounds to safeguard thousands of jobs at Tata Steel.
The Welsh Government have had access to  the largest set of Barnett consequentials on record over the past couple of years, and have the resources they need.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, the people of Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke will see over £200 million to fix our broken roads, the reopening of the Stoke to Leek line, and over £30 million to bus back better by introducing fairer fares and smarter routes to better connect our communities.
However, residents who have a free bus pass are being denied the use of it before 9.30 am by Labour-run Stoke-on-Trent City Council, meaning that people cannot get to their GP appointments or to work.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign to end that unfair policy, which is being imposed on my residents?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of high-quality bus services.
That is why we have capped the cost of travelling on buses at £2 until the end of 2024 as a result of our decision on HS2, and why we have supported councils with £1 billion of funding.
I urge all councils to ensure that people see the benefit of that investment, and I wholeheartedly back my hon.
Friend’s campaign.
NHS England has awarded £330 million to Palantir, a controversial technology firm, to help it recover from its pandemic backlog despite deep concerns among many healthcare professionals about privacy, ethics and the safety of patient data.
In light of the Government’s recently commissioned report on unifying health data in the UK, can the Prime Minister confirm   that no attempts will be made to force the Scottish Government to release the personal data of Scottish residents to any centralised system?
As the hon.
Lady knows, healthcare is devolved, but we will look for every opportunity to improve patient care and reduce waiting lists in England.
That is what we are doing in developing new technology that has a proven track record of bringing down waiting lists and improving the optimisation and efficiency of how theatres are scheduled.
That is the type of thing we need to do to ensure that patients get the care they need, and that we can get efficiency in the NHS.
The increasing proliferation of AI-generated disinformation and deepfakes poses a clear and present danger not only to our democratic process, but to the administration of justice itself.
What further steps will my right hon.
Friend take, following the Bletchley summit, to strengthen our domestic law when it comes to this threat to democracy, and to take international action to provide the guardrails that I believe are essential if we are to maintain integrity in the administration of justice?