This Government are absolutely committed to tackling the rising prices that households are facing, which is why the Prime Minister has an absolute focus on reducing the levels of inflation, but the hon.
Member is right to say that both Governments should be working together to alleviate pressures on household budgets.
This Government have demonstrated that through the huge support that has been put in place to support households with energy prices, and through other measures to ensure that financial help is in place to support hard-pressed households.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of post office branch closures on the delivery of Government services in Scotland.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of post office branch closures on the delivery of Government services in Scotland.
The United Kingdom Government continue to provide significant support to the national post office network, adding up to more than £2.4 billion over the last 10 years.
This funding enabled 98% of individuals in rural areas to live within three miles of their nearest post office in 2022, with the overall network as large today as it has been for five years.
Our rural branches of the post office are at the very core, the very heart, of our rural communities.
At present, His Majesty’s Government provide certain services to the public via the post office network.
Does the Minister agree that it would be a good notion to encourage the Scottish Government to go down the same route and provide as many services as possible in that way, thus ensuring the future of those branches?
I agree with the hon.
Member.
I recognise the vital importance of post offices for constituents in rural communities such as his own and also in my own constituency in the Scottish Borders.
It is of course for the Scottish Government to assess how to make their services available to people across Scotland, considering  accessibility as well as value for money for the taxpayer.
However, I would be happy to facilitate a meeting with my colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade to see what further encouragement we could give the Scottish Government to use the post office network for the delivery of their services.
Scotland has seen the closure of 40 post offices in the past two years, yet as  the hon.
Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone)  pointed out, the communities that still have post offices are losing access to Government services, particularly in rural areas.
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency services are due to cease being available at post offices from the end of next March.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Department for Business and Trade about keeping DVLA services available from post offices?
I should start by correcting the hon.
Gentleman in that the post office network is not in decline.
More post offices have been opened than closed over the past year.
We do see fluctuations in different parts of the country, with many postmasters running a franchise business in their own right.
Many face the same challenges as other high street businesses.
The DVLA and the Post Office extended their contract until  31 March 2024 .
The post office network operates commercially at arm’s length from the Government and is responsible for taking decisions on commercial matters such as the DVLA contract.
What assessment he has made of the state of devolution in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the state of devolution in Scotland.
With devolved powers, the Scottish Government can tailor policy in areas such as health, education and justice, as well as in tax and welfare through additional powers in the Scotland Act 2016.
The UK Government are working with local government and local partners to deliver on their needs and wishes.
That is real devolution in action.
Climate change talks at COP28 begin tomorrow, and one of the most important issues to be agreed is the climate loss and damage fund.
The Secretary of State will know that Scotland has led the way on that, becoming the first country in the global north to pledge financial support to address loss and damage, but he and his Conservative colleagues are intent on limiting the Scottish Government’s international engagement.
Can he tell me why he wants to silence Scotland’s voice and prevent us from providing that global leadership?
It is very straightforward.
We understand that there will be environmental engagement overseas by the Scottish Government, and that is a devolved matter.
What we have tried get a grip on is the Scottish Government travelling overseas, meeting Ministers,  discussing reserved areas such as constitutional affairs and foreign affairs, and straying away from the portfolio of matters that are devolved to them.
That is our position.
It is obvious that in order to cement a sense of economic resilience Scotland requires a population growth strategy, but the devolution settlement, unfit as it is, will not come anywhere near that, and the Government continue to set their face against it.
Can the Secretary of State explain why?
If the Scottish Government want more people to settle in Scotland—and immigration is at a record high—they need to build more housing, have lower taxes and better public services, and make Scotland more attractive to people.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my disappointment that the SNP-Green Scottish Government continue to use the devolution settlement as a platform to pursue constitutional grievances?
In reality, would not achieving the best outcome for the people of Scotland and our constituents mean the two Governments working together on a project, for example the A75?
If the Governments work together, that will actually be delivered.
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
The A75, along with the A77, came up as a vital route in the Union connectivity review by Lord Hendy of Richmond Hill—Sir Peter Hendy as he was at the time.
We are finally working with the Scottish Government, and the UK Government are funding a feasibility study for the upgrade of the A75.
I am delighted that progress is being made.
Is it not the case that the Scottish Government have consistently strayed outside the limits of the devolution settlements, so it is very difficult to take the SNP seriously as a defender of devolution when it has so little respect for the current settlement?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Everyone forgets that the Scottish Government get up every day and go to work to destroy devolution and the United Kingdom.
The defenders of devolution and the strengtheners of the United Kingdom are this Government.