The Secretary of State is standing against everyone.
He is standing against experts, against academics, against representatives of industry and even against the people of Scotland, only 28% of whom think immigration is too high.
More than six in 10 think more immigration would benefit the country.
When is he going to stop being the Secretary of State against Scotland and be the Secretary of State for Scotland?
It is good that the hon.
Gentleman’s lines are written by Mike Russell.
That is an old one, and not a very good one.
The reality is that Scotland is the most taxed part of the United Kingdom, which is not attractive for people to work there.
We have the highest ever net migration.
If the Scottish Government focus more on good public services, good infrastructure and lower taxation, hopefully those high net migration figures will see more people settle in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on developing carbon capture, utilisation and storage in Scotland.
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage is a vital component of our journey to net zero.
The Acorn project represents a huge opportunity for the north-east of Scotland.
As would be expected for any multi-billion pound project, due diligence must now be followed.
Under Westminster rule, Bathgate, Linwood, Methil and Irvine are all no more.
Grangemouth now risks being added to that sorry list, and with it the hope of its developing carbon technologies.
The Minister is quick to attack a Scottish Government with limited powers, but responsibility for the robbery and ruination  of Scotland’s energy sector, and the continued denial of substantial funding for carbon capture, rests squarely with the UK Government.
What is his office doing to protect energy sector jobs and livelihoods in Scotland, and what is his Department’s excuse for utterly failing the people of Scotland?
I had the pleasure of meeting the Cabinet Secretary from the Scottish Government this morning, together with the leader of Falkirk Council, to discuss the situation at Grangemouth.
The Scottish Government and the UK Government are working together, hand in hand, to protect as many jobs as possible.
The Scottish cluster is expected to include at least one project located in Grangemouth, which is welcome news.
Whether his Department has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on supporting productive forestry planting in Scotland.
I very much welcome this question, which is timely in National Tree Week.
Reforestation is a crucial way for us all to reduce carbon emissions and improve biodiversity across the country.
Although this policy is devolved, the UK Government continue to work with the devolved Administrations to deliver UK-wide change in tree planting and establishment.
Conifers, which are the main species planted for productive forestry, account for just under half the area of UK woodland.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that there should now be a UK-wide target for 60% of new planting to be productive forestry, allowing Scotland to lead the way in delivering a secure supply of raw materials to support British manufacturing and construction?