In an effort to hide from his failures, the Prime Minister spent this week arguing about an ancient relic that only a tiny minority of the British public have any interest in—but that’s enough about the Tory party.
In 2019, they all promised the country that they would control immigration, saying “numbers will come down” and “the British people will be in control”.
How is it going?
Let me be crystal clear.
The levels of migration are far too high and I am determined to bring them back down to sustainable levels.
That is why we have asked the Migration Advisory Committee to review certain elements of the system.
We are reviewing those findings and will bring forward next steps.
Earlier this year, we announced the toughest action ever taken to reduce legal migration.
The effects of that action are yet to be felt, but will impact 150,000 student dependants.
Forecasts show that migration is likely to drop as a result.
Up until this moment, all we have heard from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman on this topic is a secret backroom deal with the EU that would see an additional 100,000 migrants here every year.
Never mind the British Museum—it is the Prime Minister who has obviously lost his marbles.
The Greek Prime Minister came to London to meet him: a fellow NATO member, an economic ally and one of our most important partners in tackling illegal immigration.
Instead of using that meeting to discuss those serious issues, the Prime Minister tried to humiliate him and cancelled at the last minute.
Why such small politics, Prime Minister?
Of course we are always happy to discuss important topics of substance with our allies, like tackling illegal migration or strengthening our security, but when it was clear that the purpose of the meeting was not to discuss substantive issues for the future but to grandstand and relitigate issues of the past, it was not appropriate.
Furthermore, specific commitments and assurances on that topic were made to this country and then broken.
It may seem alien to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, but in my view, when people make commitments, they should keep them.
I discussed the economy, security and immigration with the Greek Prime Minister.
I also told him we would not change the law regarding the marbles—it is not that difficult.
The reality is simple: the Prime Minister has no plan on boat crossings and migration is at a record high.
His policy is that companies can pay workers from abroad 20% less than British workers and that has contributed to those record high immigration levels, has it not?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about the boat crossings but has failed to notice that illegal boat crossings are down by a third this year, thanks to all the actions we have taken, which he opposed every single time they were raised.
No one will be surprised that he is backing an EU country over Britain.
Just last week, he was asked which song best sums up the Labour party.
What did he come up with?
He showed his true colours and chose “Ode to Joy”—literally the anthem of the European Union.
He will back Brussels over Britain every single time.
Let me get this straight: the Prime Minister is now saying that meeting the Prime Minister of Greece is somehow supporting the EU, instead of discussing serious issues.
He has just dug further into that hole that he has made for himself.
Rather than dealing with the facts, he is prosecuting his one-man war on reality, and that reality is stuck.
Under this Government, a bricklayer from overseas can be paid  £2,500 less than somebody who is already here, a plasterer £3,000 less, and an engineer £6,000 less.
The list goes on.
It is absurd.
Labour would scrap his perverse wage-cutting policy.
Why will he not do so?
As I have said, we have taken significant measures and will bring forward more.
Indeed, as the Office for National Statistics itself said, more recent estimates indicate a slowing of immigration as a result of the things that we are doing.
But I am surprised to hear the right hon.
and learned Gentleman now taking this new position.
I have a quote here from a pushy young shadow Immigration Minister, who said to this House—I directly quote this person—that limits on skilled migrants are “a form of economic vandalism”.—[Official Report,
7 March 2016 ; Vol. 607, c. 19WH.]
Who could possibly have taken such a bizarre position only to U-turn?
It will come as no surprise to anybody that it was him.
There is only one party that has lost control of the borders, and its Members are sitting right there.
This is a Government who are not just in turmoil, but in open revolt.
The Immigration Minister thinks that the Prime Minister is failing because, apparently, nobody will listen to his secret plan.
The former Home Secretary thinks that he is failing because of his “magical thinking”.
The current Home Secretary thinks that he is failing.
He even took time out of his busy schedule of insulting people in the north-east to admit that he agrees with Labour.
The Prime Minister seems to be the only person on the Tory Benches without his own personal immigration plan.
Clearly, his own side do not have any faith in him.
Why should the public?
It is really a bit rich to hear about this from someone who described all immigration law as “racist”, and who literally said that it was a mistake to control immigration.
We have taken steps and we will take further steps, which is why recent estimates show that immigration is slowing.
It is why, next year, the immigration health surcharge will increase by more than two thirds.
It is why immigration fees are going up by up to 35%.
One of his own Front-Bench team said that having a target is not sensible.
It is no surprise to have people like that, because, while we are taking all these measures that he opposes, this is the person who stood on a platform and promised to defend free movement.
On this Government’s watch, migration has just trebled, and the Prime Minister is giving the House a lecture about targets.
He is lost in la-la land.
There can be few experiences more haunting for Conservative Members than hearing this Prime Minister claim that he is going to sort out a problem.
First, he said that he would get NHS waiting lists down; they went up.
Unabashed by that, he said that he would get control of immigration; it has gone up.
Following that experience, he turned his hand to bringing taxes down.
And, would you believe it, the tax burden is now going to be higher than ever.
It is ironic that he has suddenly taken such a keen interest in Greek culture when he has clearly become the man with the reverse Midas touch: everything he touches turns to—perhaps the Home Secretary can help me out—rubbish.
[Interruption.]
We might have to check the tape again, Mr Speaker.
Will the Prime Minister do the country a favour and warn us what he is planning next, so that we can prepare ourselves for the disaster that will inevitably follow?
More!
At the beginning of the year, we said— More!
Order.
At the beginning of the year, we said that we would halve inflation and this Government have delivered, easing the burden of the cost of living for families everywhere.
We know about the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plans—all the way through that, what did he do?
He backed inflationary pay rises and talked about welfare—no controls for welfare—and about borrowing £28 billion a year that would just make the situation worse.
He mentioned tax: just this past week, we have delivered the biggest tax cuts since the 1980s for millions of people and businesses, and increased pensions and benefits.
And this week, we secured £30 billion of new investment for this country.
So he can keep trying to talk— Order.
Can I just say to the shadow Foreign Secretary—[Interruption.]
Order.
Just a little bit quieter, please.
I want to hear.
The Government have rightly responded to the shocking and unacceptable rise in antisemitism, and we saw extra funding in the autumn statement.
I note that 44% of religiously aggravated offences last year were against the Muslim community, yet in the autumn statement there was no funding to deal with Islamophobia.
The Government’s independent adviser on Islamophobia role has been left vacant for over one year.
As the Prime Minister knows, we discussed these matters over a year ago, yet no action has taken place.
Prime Minister, enough is enough with regards to tackling anti-Muslim hatred.
Will the Government now finally take action?
We will not tolerate anti-Muslim hatred in any form, and expect it to be dealt with wherever it occurs.
I actually recently met Tell MAMA, a service that provides support to victims of anti-Muslim hatred, which we have in fact supported with over £6 million of funding since its inception.
We are in regular dialogue with it.
We have also doubled the funding for protective security measures through the protective security for mosques scheme, and we will continue to do everything we can to keep our Muslim community safe.