Let me take this opportunity to congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen and Hamilton West (Michael Shanks)  not only on his vast—and fast—promotion to the shadow Front Bench but on the 20.4% swing from the SNP that brought him the by-election victory.
The announcement of the closure of the refinery at Grangemouth is a hammer blow.
Too many communities are still living with the devastation of being left behind after coalmine closures in the 1980s.
That must not be allowed to happen again.
Grangemouth’s owner is buying football clubs and investing in plants elsewhere, while the workers lose out.
The Prime Minister has decided that a culture war on the environment trumps getting the UK into the global green energy race by backing  Labour’s green energy superpower plans.
The devolution settlement demands that both Governments work together, but they certainly do not.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Scottish Government to protect jobs at Grangemouth?
What impact will the closure have on the Acorn carbon capture and storage project?
First of all, it is a very worrying time for those whose jobs are at risk at the Grangemouth refinery.
This morning, the Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , and a Minister from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero met Neil Gray from the Scottish Government, and yesterday my hon.
Friend had a meeting with the local authority.
Work is going on.
It is ironic that the Scottish Government want to shut down oil and gas, because when that happens, people suddenly realise the need to manage a transition and take us gradually to net zero while protecting people’s livelihoods.
On Acorn and the Scottish cluster, I have spoken to the chief executive of Storegga, which is pulling the project together.
He told me that the refinery closing has little impact on its project, because Grangemouth was supplying the blue hydrogen to the refinery and others, and the emissions from that were being put into the North sea.
It is the 25th anniversary of the Scottish Parliament next year—one of the Labour party’s proudest achievements.
However, recently it has been riven by failure and scandal, from one in seven on NHS waiting lists to ferries, iPads and camper vans.
Much has been made about the dual role of the Government-appointed Lord Advocate, who sits in the Scottish Cabinet while presiding over prosecutions in Scotland.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Scottish Government about Anas Sarwar’s idea to split the dual role of Scotland’s top law officer, to maintain the separation of powers between the Government and the judiciary?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Director of Public Prosecutions in England is appointed by a panel, which removes the risk of perceived interference by Government.
Many learned friends have expressed their concerns to me about the structure in Scotland and the closeness between the judiciary and the Government, and I find their concerns understandable.
It is vital that the public perception is that the prosecution service is very independent from Government.