The UN has warned that the world is on course for a catastrophic 2.8°C of warming, in part because promises made at COP26 and COP27 have not been fulfilled.
We are running out of last chances.
We know what we need to do and we know how to do it, but where is the sense of urgency?
The Prime Minister was shamed into attending COP last year.
I would have thought he would be ashamed to be there this year, after his climate climbdown last month derailed momentum at exactly the wrong time.
The world needs climate leadership.
Does the Minister think it is acceptable for the Prime Minister to sabotage the UK’s history of climate leadership with his cynical backtracking on net zero?
Labour will be going to COP with a message that the UK can be a climate leader again and that, in doing so, we will cut energy bills and boost energy independence at home, which this Government have conspicuously failed to do.
Labour will put the UK back in a position of leadership and establish a clean power alliance.
We will pledge to issue no new oil, gas or coal licences and set an example with our mission for clean power by 2030.
What example does it set if the current UK Government ignore the science and global consensus on fossil fuels, especially when the Energy Secretary admits that her policy will not even cut bills?
Labour will also be working for multilateral development bank reform to help developing countries access capital, as well as championing the UK as the future green finance capital of the world, with mandatory 1.5°C-aligned transition plans for FTSE 100 companies and financial institutions.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government will be doing to advance that agenda?
There is so much more that the UK can and must do to reduce emissions and deliver energy security, to cut energy bills and to back British industry.
With Labour, Britain would lead the world at COP.
Labour is ready to lead; is the Minister?
As I have mentioned, we do take this issue incredibly seriously.
If I think about some of the facts, as the hon.
Member rightly mentioned, at the G20 the Prime Minister announced $2 billion to the green climate fund.
That is the biggest single funding commitment that the UK has made to help the world tackle climate change.
Half of that contribution will go to adaptation.
We are committed, and that is why we have a presence at COP28.
The House will see that senior members of the UK Government are there, as well as King Charles.
This country has one of the strongest records in the world on reducing emissions, not least given our very successful COP26 summit in Glasgow.
What progress is being made on delivering the historic commitment to tackling deforestation made by the leaders at that summit?
I pay tribute to the work that my right hon.
Friend has done on this subject.
I will need to get back to her with the exact figures on deforestation, if I may.
One of the things that the UK Government are doing at COP28 is making sure that we hit the five key areas of progress: finance, global stocktake, mitigation, adaptation, and loss and damage—and, within that, nature.