The Government are going into these global climate talks having announced new North sea oil and gas fields.
If every country copied this Government’s approach of squeezing out every last drop of oil and gas, we would risk extreme global temperature rises of 3°C.
Every respected climate body has warned of the dangers of this approach, so at the climate talks why should any other country listen to this Government when their policies are not compatible with the UK’s own climate commitments?
Of course we are committed to doing other things as well, which is what I am reiterating.
We have a commitment to making sure that we learn from research and development, and that we are looking at offshore wind, but we also need to be realistic, which is why we are looking at oil and gas.
It will have an impact on the economy and it will help towards a greener economy because of the investment that will be made through the oil and gas finance.
Climate change is the single biggest threat to humanity, and I will be looking forward to attending COP28 myself.
I am pleased that it is taking place in the middle east, given the need to transition away from fossil fuels.
We seem to forget our own history, because it was us—in Persia, in Mesopotamia and on the Arab peninsula—that got the middle east on to the road of oil and gas exploration.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we are able to get our CO2 emissions down today because of the offshore wind farms in the English channel, and that those are the result of a lot of investment from the United Arab Emirates?
It is always a great pleasure to listen to my right hon.
Friend, who reminds us of the history and of how we got to this point.
However, we need to acknowledge all the good things that we are doing, and I reiterate that we are looking at ensuring sure that we have a secure energy future.
Is it not just a little bit embarrassing that as Ministers head to the Gulf for COP, the European Marine Energy Centre in my constituency is having to consult on downsizing and restructuring because the Minister’s colleagues in the Department of Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have been unable to provide the three-year funding stream that they had previously undertaken to provide?
Will she speak to her colleagues in DLUHC to ensure that some certainty on that money  can be given, and that the centre can continue its genuinely world-leading work on the development of marine renewable energy?
That is obviously not my Department, but I would be happy to take that away and facilitate a meeting, or indeed have a meeting myself.
New research by Ulster University finds that over 60% of homes in Northern Ireland will need to be retrofitted if we are to have a chance of meeting our net zero targets, and that at the current rate of retrofitting we have no chance of meeting our 2030 goals.
Does the Minister believe that the support available to providers, such as the Northern Ireland Housing Executive and housing associations across the region, is adequate to allow them to tackle the climate breakdown and fuel poverty?
Further, knowing the impact of climate change on the poorest countries in the world, will the Government finally make real the loss and damage fund to help those most affected to adapt and mitigate, and will she ensure that that fund is new money and not just a raid on existing pressed aid budgets?
With the hon.
Lady’s permission, I would prefer to write to her, because parts of those questions are slightly outside my remit.
However, I reiterate that one of the things we are determined to do is tackle fuel poverty.
That is one of the reasons why we have a commitment to do this.
Also, there is a lot of support that people can get, and I would encourage everybody to get what they are entitled to.
I have some great green innovators in my constituency, but it has been heartbreaking speaking to them over the last few months about the impact that the Government’s supposed reset on net zero is having on their businesses.
They include new fuel cell producers, green aviation leaders, companies providing key supply chain parts to the car industry and renewable energy companies.
Their businesses may be different, but the story is the same.
The lack of action from the Government is making it harder for them to get investment, harder for them to create jobs and harder for them to bring growth to Mid Bedfordshire.
My constituents ultimately saw through the Government’s shallow positioning on this issue, hearteningly for me, but it is unfortunate that this issue continues to hang over their prospects.
How can we show leadership on this issue at COP28 at a time when the Government cannot even get out of the way of people looking to bring growth to my constituents?
This Government have demonstrated a commitment to investment in all these areas.
Particularly from a science and technology point of view, I know that UK Trade and Investment has immense commitment and gives out support for this.
But there are many things that we have been doing.
We have not just been investing in R&D from a science point of view.
What we are doing is investing in offshore wind, in alternative fuel and in all those things that will enable us to get to where we need to be.
In the UK, heating homes accounts for 14% of carbon emissions, and in England our homes produce more emissions  than cars do.
That is not only costing the environment in the future; it is also costing taxpayers now.
A decade ago, the then Prime Minister Cameron’s “green crap” riddance resulted in uninsulated lofts and in cavity walls being left unfilled.
Given that that decision is now adding billions in additional costs to taxpayers and making it harder to meet the 2030 decarbonisation target, can the Minister ask the Foreign Secretary whether he regrets it?
We are investing in making sure that homes are insulated and energy efficient.
It is worth pointing out that between 1990 and 2021 the UK cut emissions by 48%, while growing the economy by more than 70%.
I can, of course, pass on the hon.
Gentleman’s message to the Foreign Secretary.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I would appreciate any advice you can give me on a matter of great interest and concern to my constituents.
It relates to the attitude of National Highways officials in the north-west office.
A freedom of information request revealed several emails that, in my view, show a worrying lack of candour and transparency in National Highways’ dealings with me in relation to the replacement of a footbridge on a major road in my constituency.
In particular, I have been accused of “whipping up a frenzy” among my constituents in relation to that important safety matter—I am doing my job, not whipping up a frenzy.
Any advice from you would be welcome.