I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that his mission to constrain and bypass the Scottish Parliament has been an absolute disaster for devolution.
Relationships across the UK have never been as such a low level.
Will he acknowledge that his version of aggressive Unionism has utterly failed?
As he is leaving his office, will he pledge to abandon it entirely?
I am not entirely sure what I have done that has been a failure, to be honest.
This Government protect devolution and the settlement.
If he is referring to the section 35 order that I used, that was in the  Scotland Act 1998 and was voted for at the time by SNP MPs.
It is there to protect devolution when a devolved Administration legislates on Great Britain or UK matters.
If he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of devolving employment law to the Scottish Government.
The UK Government have no intention of devolving legislative competence for employment rights to the Scottish Parliament.
Employers and employees benefit hugely from a single, simple system where employment rights are the same across Great Britain, whether in Derby or Dundee.
We do not see any benefit from changing that arrangement.
Devolution of employment law is supported by the Scottish Trades Union Congress, the Trades Union Congress, workers’ rights groups, a majority in the Scottish Parliament and the public.
It would benefit workers by having their Governments compete to give them better rights and preventing a race to the bottom.
What is not to like?
Why will the Secretary of State’s Government not consider it?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my original answer.
We believe it is right to have a simple system that works across the United Kingdom, whether one is in Derby or Dundee.
Does the Secretary of State agree that to have different employment laws either side of the border of the two nations would be a mistake, because it would increase the regulatory burden on companies and deprive British companies of our excellent tribunal system?
I completely agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend, who absolutely makes the right arguments.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of devolving the power to introduce a Scottish work visa scheme to the Scottish Government.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of devolving the power to introduce a Scottish work visa scheme to the Scottish Government.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of devolving the power to introduce a Scottish work visa scheme to the Scottish Government.
The United Kingdom Government have introduced a single, flexible immigration system that works in the interest of the whole United Kingdom.
A separate visa system would create an economic migration border  between Scotland and the rest of the UK, which would be harmful for employers and far less attractive for workers.
Last week, the CBI conference raised the serious issue of a lack of people to do vital jobs that we need filling, especially in hospitality and food production.
Both the Fraser of Allander Institute and the highlands MSP Kate Forbes have suggested localised worker visa solutions to boost the economy.
Why is the Secretary of State not listening to those smart voices, and why is he not acting in the best interests of the Scottish economy?
Because we have a specific Scottish occupation list for shortages, which gives us flexibility.
The salary rate is set at £20,960.
We believe that the best way is for stakeholder bodies to make representations to the Home Office to add to the shortage occupation list.
Five years ago, the Migration Advisory Committee said that the current system was failing remote communities.
Recently published figures show that my Argyll and Bute constituency is suffering further depopulation, with the town of Rothesay on the Isle of Bute particularly badly affected.
Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, the Government still insist that the current system delivers for all parts of the UK.
Will the Secretary of State explain how a one-size-fits-all policy, simultaneous catering for the vastly different needs of densely populated urban areas and Argyll and Bute, can deliver equally for both?
Argyll and Bute is a beautiful part of the United Kingdom, but what it lacks is infrastructure, public services and affordable housing, because the Scottish Government have failed in all those areas.
What it also has, with the rest of Scotland, is the problem of being the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.
That is the problem the Scottish Government have to address.
The UK Government said that post-Brexit domestic employment would fill labour gaps, but the executive director of UKHospitality Scotland has said that the gaps left by excluding EU workers have not been filled, leaving huge numbers of specialist vacancies, such as for chefs and managers.
When will this Government accept reality and stop destroying Scotland’s economy in the name of a purist Brexit ideology?
I think the hon.
Lady lives in a parallel universe.
We have the highest net migration to the UK since records began, far higher than when we were in the EU.
As I say, if we want to attract people to Scotland, we must stop making it the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.