In good news for kids in Aberdeen this morning, it was snowing; when they looked out of the kitchen window, they would have been filled with delight.
But many of their parents who looked out of the kitchen window this morning would have been filled with dread—dread from knowing that they simply cannot afford to pay their energy bills.
In that context, does the Prime Minister regret offering no financial mechanism whatever for families this winter?
It is simply not right to say that there is not support for families this winter—there has been considerable support this year for energy bills.
This winter, pensioner households, for example, will receive up to £300 alongside their winter fuel payment.
They are some of the most vulnerable households, and it is right that they get that support at a difficult time.
I appreciate that it is difficult for the Prime Minister to empathise when he quite clearly cannot understand, but to be clear to him and, indeed, the whole House: this is not a matter of energy production.
Scotland produces six times more gas than we consume and around two thirds of our electricity already comes from renewable resources.
This is a consequence of decades of failed energy policy here in Westminster.
Those of us on the Scottish National party Benches believe that Scotland’s energy wealth and energy resource should benefit the people of Scotland.
Why doesn’t he?
The entire energy grid infrastructure in this country is integrated, which brings benefits to people in every part of our United Kingdom.
When it comes to supporting people with energy bills, earlier this year we increased benefits to the highest rate on record.
It is why we provided cost of living payments worth £900 on top of regular support.
It was right not to wait until the last moment to give people that support; we gave it to them earlier this year so that they would have the security they need going into winter—as I said, on top of the money for pensioners.
When there are cold snaps, we have cold weather payments that kick in and the warm home discount, which provides an extra £150 to the most vulnerable households.
All that is the most considerable action taken by any Government to help people with their energy bills.
The £400 million redevelopment of Kettering General Hospital is the No.1 investment priority for local residents.
The first part is a £50 million new energy plant to power the expanded and improved hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister please do all he can to ensure that the Department of Health gets spades in the ground on time next spring, so that we can get the construction of our redeveloped, much loved local hospital fully under way?