Three years ago, the Government made a commitment to 40 new hospitals and significant upgrades to hospitals in most need, but today many schemes are badly delayed.
The Royal Berkshire—stuck at the development stage, with not a single pound transferred for construction.
Harrogate District Hospital—still waiting on £20 million for urgent upgrades after reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete was discovered.
There are 25 more such schemes.
Will  the Prime Minister explain why his Government are happy to let patients, doctors and nurses suffer for years in such unfit and unsafe conditions?
We are delivering 40 hospitals by 2030.
Good progress is already being made, and that programme is being backed by over £20 billion of investment.
Three schemes are already open, two are opening this year, and 16 are in construction, or work has begun to prepare the site.
It is absolutely right, though, that within that we prioritise RAAC hospitals.
That required a reprioritisation, but that was the appropriate thing to do to ensure safety.
Patients and staff are already benefiting from some of the improvements that we have made, which come on top of the largest capital programme for the NHS in its history, rolling out community diagnostic centres, urgent treatment centres and surgical hubs right across the country.
As disturbed as I was to learn that British politicians are being debanked by the National Westminster Bank, the Prime Minister can imagine my horror to find that an entire town—Bakewell in the Derbyshire dales—is being debanked by the National Westminster Bank.
In the whole of the Derbyshire dales and the Peak district, there is not a bank left.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern, as we are the major shareholder, that the National Westminster Bank is ignoring my vulnerable elderly constituents, and my businessmen?
Bakewell is a big, thriving market town.
My hon.
Friend is right that all customers, wherever they live, should have appropriate access to banking and cash services.
That is why we have legislated to protect access to cash, and the Financial Conduct Authority has issued guidance that seeks to ensure that branch closure decisions treat customers fairly.
I know that there has been an assessment of access to cash in her area, and the financial services sector will provide a new cash deposit service for her community.
Also, everyone can access the post office for regular banking services.
Yesterday, Cancer Research UK’s manifesto “Longer, better lives” set out a road map to save 20,000 lives a year by 2040.
Research is key to that, and it has identified a funding gap of over £1 billion.
Cancer Research UK has told me that, excluding research funded by industry, charities fund 62% of cancer research compared with the Government’s 38%.
Is the Prime Minister ashamed of that, and what will he do to address the gap?
Of course the Government must do more to continue preventing cancer deaths in our country.
That is why we are focused on fighting cancer on all fronts—prevention, diagnosis, treatment, research and funding.
Crucially, cancer is now being diagnosed at an earlier stage more often, with survival rates improving across all types of cancer, including the most common cancers, and through our treatment record we are rolling out community diagnostic centres everywhere to ensure that we can reach those people as quickly as possible.
Can I thank you, Mr Speaker, on behalf of the all-party parliamentary group on HIV  and AIDS, for hosting today’s reception to honour the incredible contribution that Sir Elton John has made to the fight against AIDS?
I very much welcome today’s announcement of further funding for HIV and hepatitis B and C opt-out testing in hospital emergency departments as a critical step in fighting those diseases.
I ask the Prime Minister to join me, and I am sure the whole House, in praising Sir Elton and his AIDS foundation for pioneering this work.
Sir Elton John has been a powerful voice for change in the UK and the world.
Through the brilliant work of his foundation he has raised awareness of HIV, reduced stigma and saved lives.
I am very pleased that that will be celebrated tonight at the HIV and AIDS all-party parliamentary group event.
Ahead of World AIDS Day on Friday, I would also like to reaffirm this Government’s commitment to ending new transmissions within England by 2030.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will have more to say at tonight’s event about the expansion of our recent pilot initiative on screening.
Pearl Melody Black was 22 months old when a car rolled off a private drive on to a highway and hit a wall, which fell and killed her while she was holding her daddy’s hand.
Her parents, my constituents Gemma and Paul, South Wales Police and the Crown Prosecution Service were all frustrated that no charges could be brought in the case due to a loophole in the law.
My ten-minute rule Bill, the Driving Offences (Amendment) Bill, sought to amend the Road Traffic Act 1988, but it fell as it did not get parliamentary time.
I know that colleagues across the House have had similar issues, so I ask the Prime Minister to meet me and meet my constituents to assist in finding a way forward.
I am incredibly sorry to hear about Pearl.
My thoughts and, I know, those of the whole House will be with Gemma and Paul.
I will make sure that the hon.
Gentleman gets a meeting with the relevant Minister on the legislation as quickly as possible.
We know the Labour party has an aversion to white van man, but does the Prime Minister share my concerns that, according to a report in The Daily Telegraph today, Labour-run Westminster Council is increasing parking charges for small electric vehicles by up to 1,800%, demonstrating that it does not support small businesses or tackling climate change?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise those concerns.
It seems that Labour in London is yet again penalising hard-working people.
First we had the ultra low emission zone, and now it seems Labour is hiking parking charges on white van drivers and small businesses.
I join her in urging the Labour-run Westminster Council to rethink those damaging proposals.
I quote: “Rishi thinks just let people die and that’s okay”.
That was reportedly the Prime Minister’s view of covid during late 2020, as recorded by the then chief scientific adviser in his diary.
It came to light last week in the   covid inquiry and I was shocked that Downing Street did not categorically deny it.
I ask the Prime Minister today how it is that people who were closest to this issue, whom he worked with day in, day out at the top of Government, got the impression that the Prime Minister was okay with people in our country dying— Order.
I think he has got the question.
As the hon.
Lady knows, there is an ongoing inquiry into covid.
It is right that that is followed and I look forward to providing my own evidence.
If she had taken the time to read the evidence submitted to the inquiry, she would have seen that the person she mentioned, the chief scientific adviser, confirmed that he did not hear me say that—and that is because I did not.
That 1.3 million migrants over a period of two years is a catastrophe for Britain is obvious to everyone apart from guilt-ridden bourgeois liberals and greed-driven globalists.
Given that the same kind of people are stymieing the Prime Minister’s “stop the boats” campaign, will he bring urgent measures forward to deal with legal migration, and will he ensure that the Bill he has promised is in exactly the form recommended by his own Immigration Minister?
I am pleased to have my right hon.
Friend’s advice and support on all on our measures to tackle legal and illegal migration.
As I said, we are reviewing the recommendations of the Migration Advisory Committee and we will be bringing forward measures on top of the very significant restrictions that we have already announced on student dependants.
When it comes to stopping illegal migration, I have been crystal clear that we will bring forward legislation that makes it unequivocally the case that Rwanda is safe and there will be no more ability of our domestic courts to block flights to Rwanda.
That is what our legislation will ensure.
Last week, in response to my hon.
Friend the Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham), the Prime Minister claimed that the “best way” to stop children living in poverty is for them to have parents who work, but over 70% of poor children already live in a home where someone goes out to work.
So I will give him another chance: can he explain why reports say that, in 2022, 1 million of our children experienced not just poverty but destitution?
No child should grow up in poverty.
That is why I am pleased that, because of the measures we have taken, 1.7 million fewer people are living in poverty today than in 2010.
I would also say to the hon.
Lady that it is crystal clear that children growing up in workless households are four or five times more likely to be in poverty.
That is what the facts say; that is why our efforts are on getting people into work and ensuring that work pays.
The actions in the autumn statement to raise the national living wage to record levels and provide a significant tax cut will do an extraordinary amount to continue lifting children out of poverty.