I know what a champion my hon.
Friend is for his constituents.
I will of course meet him, although perhaps a meeting with the relevant Minister would be more appropriate.
We are committed to making sure that we have that extra security.
That is why we are making such an investment in working towards energy security, while at the same time working towards net zero.
The UK was a leader in offshore wind development but is now falling seriously behind.
Costs to offshore wind developers have increased by as much as 40%.
The recent offshore wind auction failure will have cost the UK 5 GW of new renewable energy, and that was entirely predictable.
How will the Prime Minister be able to look in the eye the leaders of countries that are suffering most from the impact of climate change and say, “The UK does everything it can”?
First, we are world leaders on offshore energy.
That is one of our commitments, but we do not just rest on our laurels and think about offshore wind; we are also looking at other ways to  generate electricity, which is much needed, including fusion and small modular reactors.
The hon.
Lady suggests we are not taking into account where we should be going on energy, but we are world leaders and we are ensuring that we have an impact on our futures.
I am looking forward to going to COP as one of the members of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Last week the Committee went to see the world’s first green hydrogen neighbourhood project in Fife in Scotland.
Local people were given the choice to switch to innovative clean green hydrogen heating and nearly half of them have taken that choice.
Does the Minister agree that one of the biggest challenges to achieving next zero is achieving that consumer change, and that this is why it is so important that we offer consumers innovation and choice rather than the top-down “tax and ban” approach that the Opposition so often promote?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is about education; ensuring that people are educated and thinking about how we use our future energy.
However, it is also incumbent on us to ensure that we offer choices, which is why we are committed to offshore and to making sure that we are investing in science and technology and getting all of that technology available, thus making energy available in lots of different forms.
After the last COP, the Prime Minister at the time, Boris Johnson, assured the House that there would be no funding whatsoever from British sources for fossil fuel developments anywhere in the world.
Since then, the UK Government have announced their own fossil fuel developments with oil and gas extraction, so how on earth does the Minister expect to be taken seriously at COP when Britain itself is investing more in fossil fuels and then lecturing the rest of the world that they should not do so?
Can she assure us that this COP is not just going to be an exercise in greenwash with a sideshow of oil dealing, and that it is going to be a serious attempt to deal with the serious, fundamental issues that this planet faces?
Yes, UK production is declining.
When we think about oil and gas, it is important that we think about having a balanced approach and making sure that we keep our supply going as it should.
One of the things we are committed to is making sure that, on balance, we also have other options available.
It is important to remember that, from an economic point of view, the jobs that are created are really important, from an oil and gas point of view, and of course that will be invested in green energy as well, so it is a cyclical thing to make sure that we are investing in our future.
Having spent a year in the Energy Department, it has been an absolute pleasure to see how civil servants, businesses, the public and, indeed, Ministers are at the forefront of ensuring that the UK is the major economy that has decarbonised furthest and fastest in the world.
We account for only 1% of emissions.
We have the biggest offshore wind farm in the world, as well as the second biggest and the third biggest.
We have more solar panels than France.
We really are leading the way.
So when we go to COP,  we need to make sure that others see that there is an advantage in doing this and join us on that journey.
What will the Minister’s message be at COP to make sure that the world joins us on this journey?