Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I believed  that I had answered most of the questions the hon.
Lady asked in my opening remarks.
My understanding was that I was to give a short response.
If there is anything I have not responded to, I am happy to respond in writing.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  made the important point that there have been previous debates on this issue, and I suggest that if the hon.
Lady had turned up to those debates, she would have been able to have a fuller—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] Order.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Both the hon.
Lady and the Minister have put their views on the record.
I am sure that there will be further opportunities after the summit for the issues to be discussed.
rose— I do not want to prolong this exchange, but I will allow a very brief point.
On the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  and just now by the Minister, they will know that there is one person representing my party and I cannot be in two places at once—I am working on it!
There are 350 Conservative Members, and just one Back Bencher was at the debate last week.
I suggest that they look at getting their own house in order before criticising this side.
This is getting way beyond anything resembling a point of order, so we should move on swiftly.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Secretary Kemi Badenoch, supported by the Prime Minister, Secretary Oliver Dowden, Secretary James Cleverly, Secretary Grant Shapps, Secretary Alex Chalk, Secretary Michelle Donelan, Secretary Michael Gove, Secretary Mel Stride and Secretary Alister Jack, presented a Bill to provide for the payment out of money provided by Parliament of expenditure incurred by the Secretary of State under, or in connection with, schemes or other arrangements to compensate persons affected by the Horizon system and in respect of other matters identified in legal proceedings relating to the Horizon system.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time tomorrow, and to be printed (Bill 16) with explanatory notes (Bill 16-EN).
Bill to be considered Mr Speaker has selected the recommittal motion in the name of Sir Chris Bryant.
I call him to move the motion.
I beg to move, That the Bill be re-committed to a Public Bill Committee.
First, I wish to briefly refer to the death yesterday morning of my predecessor as Member of Parliament for Rhondda, Allan Rogers.
I know that many Members found him a good colleague to work with, and I believe that he spent many hours on the Channel Tunnel Act 1987.
I sometimes think that the people who do such Bills on behalf of all of us deserve a medal.
I am sure the whole House sends its best regards and deepest condolences to his family.
Our core job as Members of Parliament is the scrutiny of legislation, teasing out whether a proposal will do what it says, whether it is necessary and proportionate, and whether it has public support.
The Government have had total control of the Order Paper since 1902, so we can do that job properly only if the Government get their act together and play ball.
That is what enables the line-by-line consideration of the laws that bind us.
It is what makes us a functioning democracy.
We need to send the Bill back to Committee because we simply cannot do that job properly today.
Let us recall how we got here.
A first version of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill was introduced by the previous Member for Mid Bedfordshire on  18 July 2022 .
It was such a mess that it never even made it to Second Reading.
Nadine Dorries was sacked in September last year, and six months later the Bill was sacked as well, to be replaced by a new and improved No. 2 Bill, which had its Second Reading on  17 April  and completed its Committee stage on  24 May .
That was 190 days ago.
I do not know what has prompted all the delay.
Was it the general chaos in Government?
Perhaps the Government do not fully understand the term “with immediate effect”.
I like the Minister, and I have known and worked with him on many different issues for many years.
I had a meeting with him and his officials on  Thursday 16 November .
He told me then that on Report the Government would table only a few minor and technical amendments to the Bill, which he hoped everyone would be able to agree fairly easily.
On the last available day, 182 days after Committee, the Government brought out 240 amendments.
Some are indeed minor and technical, but many are very significant.
They strike to the heart of the independence of the new Information Commission, they alter the rights of the public in making subject access requests, and they amend our system in a way that may or may not enhance our data adequacy with the US and the European Union and therefore British businesses’ ability to rely on UK legislation to trade overseas.
In some instances, they give very extensive new powers to Ministers, and they introduce completely new topics that have never been previously mooted, debated or scrutinised  by Parliament in relation to this Bill, which already has more baubles on it than the proverbial Christmas tree.
The end result is that we have 156 pages of amendments to consider today in a single debate.
Yes, we could have tabled amendments to the Government amendments, but they would not have been selectable, and we would not have been able to vote on them.
So the way the Government have acted, whether knowingly, recklessly or incompetently, means that the Commons cannot carry out line-by-line consideration of what will amount to more than 90 pages of new laws, 38 new clauses and two new schedules, one of which is 19 pages long.
Some measures will barely get a minute’s consideration today.
That is not scrutiny; it is a blank cheque.
Yesterday, I made a generous offer to the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work,  the hon.
Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , who is sitting on the Front Bench and whom I also like.
We recognise that some of the issues need to be addressed, so we said: “Recommit the Bill so we can help you get this right in the Commons, and we will commit to have it out of Committee in a fortnight.
It could go to the Lords with all parties’ support by Christmas.”
Let me repeat: this is no way to scrutinise a Bill, particularly one that gives the Government sweeping powers and limits the rights of our fellow citizens, the public.
Sadly, it is part of a growing trend, but “legislate at speed, repent at leisure” should not be our motto.
Some will say something that is commonly said these days: “Let it go through to the Lords so they can amend it.”
But I am sick of abdicating responsibility for getting legislation right.
It is our responsibility.
We should not send Bills through that are, at best, half-considered.
We are the elected representatives.
We cannot just pass the parcel to the Lords.
We need to do our job properly.
We cannot do that today without recommitting the Bill.
I begin by joining  the hon.
Member for Rhondda (Sir Chris Bryant)  in expressing the condolences of the House to his predecessor, Allan Rogers.
He served as a Member of Parliament during my first nine years in this place.
I remember him as an assiduous constituency Member of Parliament, and I am sure we all share the sentiments expressed by the hon.
Gentleman.