Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor our Texas-24 Hometown Hero, Lieutenant Colonel Asa Pearson from Bedford, who is retiring from the United States Army after 40 years of honorable service.
LTC Pearson began his military career in October 1983, when he enlisted in the Army.
He completed his basic training at airborne school and AIT, then he was assigned to the 1st Special Operations Command as a Psychological Operations Specialist.
LTC Pearson has been a steadfast pillar in our community, dedicating his time, expertise, and compassion to helping the knowledge and well-being of those who need it most.
During his 40 years of service in the Army, he advanced from Private E1 to Sergeant First Class and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Emergency Management from the University of North Texas.
While working as a PSYOP subject matter expert at the John F. Kennedy School of Special Warfare, LTC Pearson was recommended for, and accepted, a Direct Commission.
As a Commissioned Officer, he continued his professional development by attending the Bush School of Government to study International Affairs and by earning a master's degree from Texas Christian University.
LTC Pearson has consistently sought opportunities to expand his knowledge, attending the Transportation Officer course, the Civil Affairs Officers Advanced Course, and the PSYOP Officers course.
In addition, he has served in the following roles: PSYOP Team Sergeant in Desert Storm, Civil Affairs Joint Staff Officer in the Balkans, PSYOP Detachment Commander to Afghanistan, and Civil Affairs Company Commander in the Horn.
LTC Pearson was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his heroic actions in Desert Storm and has also received four Meritorious Service Medals, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Combat Action Badge, the Master Parachutist Badge, the Pathfinder Badge, and the Russian Basic Airborne Badge.
Lieutenant Colonel Asa Pearson exemplifies the finest North Texas has to offer.
As we honor him today, we do so not just with gratitude for his 40 years of service in the United States Army, but also with appreciation for his dedication to our community.