Mr. Terrence ``Terry'' L. Hartford on his retirement from ATI, a company with deep roots in Western Pennsylvania.
Terry devoted his entire working life to ATI, retiring after 43 years of service.
An esteemed and respected member of the ATI team, Terry was most recently the Vice President (Defense and Global Markets) for ATI.
Through his tireless efforts to strengthen the Defense Industrial Base, Terry directly contributed to the defense of the United States and, more importantly, the men and women of our Armed Forces.
A lifelong Yinzer, Terry graduated from Kiski Area High School, earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Allegheny College, and earned a Master of Business Administration from the University of Pittsburgh Katz Graduate School.
He is a member of the Allegheny College Board of Trustees and the Allegheny College Economics Department Board of Visitors, and he served as Vice Chairman of the Specialty Steel Industry of North America until his retirement.
Terry began at ATI in 1981 and held multiple positions of increasing responsibility in marketing, quality, production planning, and general management, including Vice President and General Manager of ATI's Flat Rolled Products division.
In this capacity, he played an integral role in the design, construction, and operation of ATI's Hot Rolled Processing Facility in Brackenridge, PA, a $1.3 billion-dollar facility that provides technologically advanced titanium and nickel products to the nation's Industrial base and our armed forces.
In 2015, Terry was selected as Vice President (ATI Defense) and charged with expanding ATI's support to all branches of the U.S. military and prime defense contractors.
In this role, Terry promoted the importance of specialty materials in the platforms, propulsion systems, and armor providing the technical solutions our servicemembers depend on to fight and win out Nation's wars.
Terry is married to the former Laura Laderer of Meadville, PA.
They met at Allegheny College and have been married for 42 years.
They have four children--Leslie (husband Rich), Terrence ``I'' (wife Camille), Mike (wife Kate), and Colin (wife Allie).
They are the proud grandparents of Ellis and Lawrence (Leslie and Rich), Will and Jane (Mike and Kate), and Benson and Emery (Colin and Allie), and they are anxiously awaiting two more grandchildren later this year.
As 
Mr. Hartford embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the outstanding contributions he has made to ATI, Western Pennsylvania, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the United States.
I would like to send my fellow Yinzer my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors and a well-earned retirement.