Title: HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF DR.
NITIN SHAH; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
162

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF DR.
NITIN SHAH

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of

Dr. Nitin Shah, a compassionate and dedicated physician whose

unwavering commitment to the well-being of his community has had a

profound and lasting impact on the lives of thousands of individuals.
Dr. Nitin Shah's journey began in 1975, where he began his rotating

medical internship in Vadodara, India before migrating to New York.
There, he continued his career as a research fellow--and eventually

moved to the City of Anaheim and continued to provide medical care as

an anesthesiologist.
In 2006, Dr. Shah's deep sense of empathy and vision for a healthier

and more equitable society led him to establish the Anaheim Free Health

Clinic and Citizenship Fair, an event that provides free medical,

dental, vision, and other health care services to Anaheim residents

with the help of countless doctors and volunteers.
Recognizing the

pressing need for

accessible healthcare in our community, he made it his life's mission

to provide quality medical care to those who were underserved and often

overlooked.
From humble beginnings, the clinic has developed into a cornerstone

of community health, with an impact that extends far beyond the

facility's walls.
Countless lives have been changed because of his

efforts.
Families that could not previously afford crucial health

visits now have access to these services.
Children get the vaccinations

they need to stay healthy, and those with chronic illnesses get the

continuing care and assistance they need to manage their ailments.
His

tireless commitment to providing free health care services to those in

need exemplifies the values of compassion, selflessness, and service.
Mr. Speaker, I call upon my fellow members of Congress to join me in

recognizing the incredible work of Dr. Shah.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I was unexpectedly detained during vote

proceedings.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call

No.
514, and YEA on Roll Call No.
515.