Pearson was born and raised in San Diego, California, where his father and grandfather were preacher men in a storefront ``heaven or hell'' Pentecostal church.
After graduating high school, he attended Oral Roberts University, an evangelical Christian University, where Oral Roberts, a white preacher who had the leading religious television broadcast in the Seventies, was the school's founder.
Roberts mentored Pearson as he navigated the ministerial realm.
Pearson left the school before graduating in 1977, starting his own church, Higher Dimensions.
With over 6,000 members, it would make him one

of the first Black mega church pastors, bringing Black churches into a mainstream space in the Nineties and 2000s.
``In the Seventies, here in the West, the church was on a decline,'' says Larry Reid, a pastor, media personality and friend to Pearson.
``You had evangelistic campaigns all over the U.S., but it was fading away and Black people were not leading it.
We were the musicians and the singers.
But Carlton Pearson created a stage called Azusa and brought Black Christians in and the white stations would play clips from his platform.''
Pearson's Azusa Conferences, which were inspired by the 1906 revival that took place on Azusa Street in Los Angeles, were a hybrid of preaching and music.
It gave preachers, like Joyce Meyers, Michael Pitts, Bishop T.D. Jakes, and gospel heavyweights, such as Donnie Mcclurkin, the Clark Sisters, and the late Lashun Pace, agency and a platform to showcase their talents and introduce them to a wider audience of people.
The conference, which was held at Pearson's old university, Oral Roberts, would host thousands of guests.
For those who could not attend, they were taped and sold via VHS, which gave way to many successful careers in television ministry and gospel music.
``I had always known his music for many years before I became an artist,'' says Ricky Dillard, a renowned gospel artist and composer, known for his choirs and directorial abilities.
``He had a choir with him and that was influential to me.
He was out here doing it at an A-1 level, so everyone was a fan.
If you're a gospel music lover, there's no way that you could not have heard the music of Bishop Carlton Pearson.''
Pearson's album The Best of Azusa. . .
Yet Holdin' On is a staple in the Black community.
On the 14-track album, featuring songs from his Azusa conference days, he has an oratory track called ``Mother Sherman Story,'' in which he recounts a question an elderly mother from his home church would ask him, even as dementia began to set in: ``You yet holding on?''--The album's title.
``That meant many things,'' explains Williams.
``It meant keep holding on to your faith and also meant keep holding on to your morals and your standards.''
In the late Nineties, Pearson--who not only studied his bible but also studied its roots, foundations, and original language of Hebrew--came to a realization that would shake the foundation of his faith and his social standing within the church.
``When my little girl was an infant, I was watching the evening news and the Hutus and the Tutsis were returning to Rwanda from Uganda,?''
Pearson recalled on an episode of This American Life from December 2005.
``I'm watching these little kids with swollen bellies, their skin is stretched. . .
Their hair is kind of red from malnutrition and they have flies on the corner of their eyes and mouths.''
Pearson thought of his baby, who is now 27 year-old Majeste Pearson--a pop and gospel

singer--and his big screen television and the plate of food he was in the middle of eating.
Knowing the culture of the people on the screen and assuming they were not all Christian, he said, ``God, I don't know how you can call yourself a loving, sovereign God and allow these people to suffer this way and just suck them right into hell.''