We welcome the proscription of Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Five more lives were tragically lost in the channel this weekend.
As criminal gangs profit from those dangerous boat crossings, it shows how vital it is to stop them, but we need the Home Office to have a grip.
The Home  Secretary gave no answer earlier on the 4,000 people he has lost from the Rwanda list.
Can he tell us if he has also lost the 35,000 people he has removed from the asylum backlog?
How many of them are still in the country?
I join the right hon.
Lady in expressing sadness and condolences for those who lost their lives in the channel.
That reinforces the importance of breaking the people-smuggling gangs.
The fact is that we are driving down the numbers of people in the backlog: we are processing applications more quickly and ensuring that decisions are made so that those who should not be in this country can be removed either to their own country or a safe third country.
That is why the Rwanda Bill is so important, and why we will continue working on these issues.
Returns have dropped 50% since the last Labour Government.
The Home Secretary is still not telling us where those missing people are.
He appears to have lost thousands of people who may have no right to be in the country, and lost any grip at all.
In the ongoing Tory asylum chaos, we have Cabinet Ministers, countless ex-Ministers and the deputy Tory chair all saying that they will oppose the Home Secretary’s policy this week—a policy that we know he and the Prime Minister do not even believe in.
If the deputy Tory chair this week votes against the Home Secretary’s policy, will he be sacked, or is the Prime Minister so weak that he has lost control of asylum, lost control of our borders, and lost control of his own party, too?
Conservative Members of Parliament are absolutely united in our desire to get a grip of this issue.
I am not the person who has held up a sign saying, “Refugees welcome”; I am not the person whose colleagues oppose each and every rhetorical flourish.
Until the Labour party comes up with a credible plan, I will not take its criticism any more seriously than it deserves.
The British people welcome people who come to this country to work and contribute to our economy.
But those who abuse our hospitality, commit violent offences and are then sent to prison need to be deported at the end of their sentences.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend update the House on how many were deported last year, and what action he will take to ensure that foreign nationals who are violent offenders are automatically deported when they leave prison?
We are clear that foreign criminals should be deported wherever possible, and we will continue to do so, in stark contrast to the calls to stop the deportation of foreign national criminals from the Leader of the Opposition and the Labour party.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that foreign national offender returns have increased by 19% in the last 12 months.
My constituents often have to wait months to elicit a response for their asylum or Home Office queries.
Given the Conservative Government’s persistent failure to effectively manage the asylum system, resulting in a backlog of almost 100,000 cases and the excessive use  of expensive hotels, does the Home Secretary not feel that now is the time to adopt Labour’s comprehensive plan, which would end the use of expensive hotels within 12 months and significantly reduce the backlog?
I think the hon.
Gentleman means Labour’s non-existent plan.
The fact is that last year, we made 112,000 initial decisions; if the hon.
Gentleman has specific cases that he wishes to raise with me as the Minister, I am very happy to have a look at those, but the productivity improvements that we saw last year carry through a lot of learning as we now get on and deal with the backlog.
A lot of positive work has gone on, and he should recognise that point.
Humber-side police now has over 800 more officers than in 2010, which obviously enables it to provide a better service to my constituents.
Crucially, it also has top-class leadership, currently provided by Jonathan Evison, the police commissioner, and until recently by Lee Freeman, the former chief constable—I am sure his successor will also provide that leadership.
Does the Minister agree that top-class leadership is important, and what is he doing to ensure improvements are made to the present leadership training scheme?
I join my hon.
Friend in commending Humberside police force on the progress it has made, particularly under recent chief constable Lee Freeman.
In terms of improving leadership, of course, Lee Freeman is now one of His Majesty’s inspectors, and he can apply what he learned and put into practice in Humberside across the whole country.
On 17 October, the Government pledged in the House to make changes to the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme pathways 1 and 3.
When can the House expect an update and a plan?
Of course, we are continuing to work very collaboratively across Government on the response to the situation in Afghanistan, fulfilling the commitments we made to provide that sanctuary in the way that we all want to see.
We will say more about those efforts as soon as we are able.
We heard earlier about the effectiveness of the safer streets fund.
Falmouth in my constituency, where most of the students live, recently received £67,000; in addition, our brilliant police and crime commissioner Alison Hernandez has been working with Dawn Dines, who helped to successfully change the law on spiking.
Can my hon.
Friend demonstrate to my Truro and Falmouth constituents how those positive changes will improve conviction rates in the Devon and Cornwall area?