Obviously I will not speculate on future action.
What we conducted was intended as a single, limited action, and of course we hope that the Houthis will step back and end their reckless and destabilising attacks, but we will not hesitate to protect our security and our interests where required.
We would, of course, follow the correct procedures, as I believe we did in this case.
Although the hon.
Gentleman is right to ask questions, we should also recognise the risks of inaction, because doing nothing would absolutely weaken international security and the rule of law, would further damage the freedom of navigation and the global economy, and—perhaps most important—would send the very dangerous message that British vessels and British interests are fair game, and that is simply unacceptable.
Of course I am happy to answer questions about the situation in Israel and Gaza, but the House should make it very clear to the outside world that there is no link between what we have done last week and the situation there.
This was a specific action in self-defence against the Houthis, who are conducting illegal strikes against innocent civilian shipping.
That has nothing to do with what is going on in Israel and Gaza, and we must never let anyone think that this House believes that there is a link.
I commend my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary for his excellent and wide-ranging speech this morning, in which he rightly pointed out that we face dangerous times.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister agree that, while how we spend defence money is important, it is vital and without doubt that defence needs a great deal more money—more than 2.5% and these arbitrary targets—if our brave men and women are to fight a sustained conflict in the years ahead?
I agree that the Defence Secretary made an excellent speech earlier.
He highlighted, as I did, the fact that defence spending has consistently met our NATO obligation.
We have been the second largest defence spender in NATO, and in the last settlement defence received the largest increase—£24 billion—since the end of the cold war.
My hon.
Friend is right that the threats we face are increasing.
It is right that we invest to protect the British people against those threats, and that is exactly what the Government are doing and will continue to do.
While not having a vote in this House is regrettable, Liberal Democrats support limited strikes against the Houthis to open international shipping lanes, but we cannot lose sight of the fact that this region is a tinderbox.
We have seen attacks on US soldiers in Syria and Iraq, the terrorism of Islamic State in Iran, the rockets of Hezbollah, and the Israeli strikes in Beirut—all stemming from the horrifying conflict in Israel and Gaza.
Can the Prime Minister tell us what conversations he has had with our NATO and European allies, but also with leaders of Gulf countries, to ensure that these limited strikes remain limited?
As I have said, we are engaging extensively with our international partners, including our Gulf allies.
I spoke to the President of Egypt just last week, and will continue to do so.
Let me say again, however, that it is important that no one takes away the idea that this House believes, on any side, that there is a link between direct action in self-defence against the Houthis and the situation in Israel and Gaza.
They are entirely distinct.
We will do everything we can to bring more aid into Gaza, and to make sure that we work  hard for a sustainable ceasefire.
That is separate from our ability and necessary duty to defend our interests and our people.
I commend the Prime Minister for his firm and principled response to events in the Red sea, but is it not clear from Iran’s support for Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis that it will do anything to stop a lasting peace between the Arab states and Israel because the Iranian regime believes that Israel should not exist at all?
Would it not be a real defeat for Iran to see it isolated by a meaningful resolution of the Palestinian issue and the supercharging of the Abraham accords in a process to bring peace and stability to the region, all underpinned by an international resolve to confront Iran’s proxies wherever they threaten our interests and values?