If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This year, the Home Office will continue to build on our progress on the public priorities: a 36% fall in small boat crossings last year, 86 arrests of small boat pilots, 246 arrests of people smugglers, the biggest-ever international operation resulting in 136 boat seizures and 45 outboard motors being seized, the illegal migration package announced, more than 2,000 county lines drugs lines smashed and the introduction of the Criminal Justice Bill to give police leaders more powers.
We are relentlessly focused on delivering community safety on behalf of the British people.
Now that we have the Home Secretary here to answer for himself, can he tell us whether he is aware that the police are receiving more than 560 reports of spiking every month, and in December the Home Office said that the reason the crime is so prevalent is that it is seen as funny and a joke?
How can we have any confidence in the Home Secretary to deliver action on spiking when he thinks it is a joke?
I am the Home Secretary who has actually introduced action on this.
In my first week in the job, I visited Holborn police station to see the work of the Metropolitan police in tackling violence against women and girls.
I made it clear to the Home Office that my priority was the protection of women and girls.
I am taking action on this issue, and I am absolutely determined to continue doing so.
I am sure the Home Secretary would agree that anti-extremism training in Departments is extremely important.
What more can the Government do to ensure that it is training to tackle extremism, rather than anti-Government and party bias training?
My hon.
Friend will have seen recently a pretty extraordinary report on allegations about extremism and the failure to train properly, and what is going on in universities around the United Kingdom.
In one recent problematic case, it was said that it is very hard to define what a terrorist is.
We know what a terrorist is, the law knows what a terrorist is and this Government know what a terrorist is, and that is exactly why we have just proscribed Hizb ut-Tahrir.