UKHospitality estimates that 95% of skilled worker visas that were gained last year would be lost under the new regulations.
That is a vital sector for my local economy in Edinburgh and for Scotland, so when will the Government recognise that the revision to the salary level was not sufficient and bring it down to a reasonable level?
I disagree with the hon.
Lady’s interpretation of the situation.
We should be working in a collaborative cross-Government way, particularly to support domestic employment wherever possible.
Comprehensive steps are being taken through the back to work plan to help deliver on that, and there are many people here on other routes who are perfectly able to work and, with the right support, would be doing so.
That is precisely where we are going to focus our efforts.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to provide advice to police forces across the country to help them support communities during the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask that question, because sadly, we have seen an absolutely vile upsurge in antisemitism on our streets.
We have seen people who claim to be speaking out for equality and justice actually defending people who take slaves, who violate women’s and girls’ rights, and who here in our own country make the Jewish community feel uncomfortable.
That is exactly why this Government have committed £18 million to the Community Security Trust.
Very sadly, we have also had to commit £7 million to academic security, because there has also been a massive increase in antisemitism in universities.
We are combating all of that.
How many times must a demonstration in the same cause be repeated, week in and week out, before the well-funded organisers become liable to pay for at least part of the policing costs?
Of course, we recognise that there is legitimacy to public protests.
We also recognise that the unprecedented and unwarranted pressure that this is   putting on policing around the country is having an impact on communities.
My view is that the organisers have made their point, and repeating it does not strengthen their argument.
Unfortunately, we are also seeing some deeply distasteful people weaving themselves in among those protesters, who are protesting on issues that they feel passionately about, but whose good will is being abused by others.
Will the Home Secretary urgently meet his hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour  the Member for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin)  and me to speak about why it is that, although the whole House passed the Public Order Act 2023 with an amendment to ensure safe access zones for women using abortion clinics, this is now subject to a consultation that would gut the legislation?
Can he meet us urgently?
The consultation is due to end on  22 January , and it would not actually do what all MPs in this House voted for.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me on this issue, I will endeavour to find out the details of the point she has made.
rose— Final question—Tim Loughton.
Last week, the Home Secretary produced a report on safe and legal routes to comply with section 61 of the Illegal Migration Act 2023 and the amendment I tabled last year.
It is very long and generous on the existing legal routes, but can he tell me how my 16-year-old orphan from an east African country with links to the UK, who is a genuine asylum seeker, will be helped to come legally and safely to the UK by what the Government have published so far?
My hon.
Friend is a very passionate advocate on this issue, and we had a conversation last week about this very point.
The fact is that, since 2015, we have welcomed over half a million people through our safe and legal routes.
We are introducing the cap precisely because we want to see that generosity extended in the years ahead, but the pressures of illegal migration in particular make that very challenging and difficult.
This is precisely the sort of issue I want to study with him as we move forward with the cap, to make sure that we continue to help the most vulnerable people from around the world, working particularly with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and others.
I would like to update the House on the action that we took on Thursday night against Houthi military targets in Yemen.
Since  19 November , Iran-backed Houthis have launched over 25 illegal and unacceptable attacks on commercial shipping in the Red sea, and on  9 January  they mounted a direct attack against British and American warships.
They fired on our ships and our sailors—it was the biggest attack on the Royal Navy for decades—and so we acted.
We did so in self-defence, consistent with the UN charter, and to uphold freedom of navigation, as Britain has always done.
Alongside the United States, with support from Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands, we ordered the RAF to strike two Houthi military facilities in Yemen.
I want to be clear that these were limited strikes.
They were carefully targeted at launch sites for drones and ballistic missiles to degrade the Houthis’ capacity to make further attacks on international shipping.
I can tell the House today that our initial assessment is that all 13 planned targets were destroyed.
At the drone and cruise missile base in Bani, nine buildings were successfully hit.
A further three buildings were hit at Abbs airfield, along with a cruise missile launcher caught in the open.
We have seen no evidence thus far of civilian casualties, which we took great care to avoid.
I know the whole House will join me in paying tribute to the incredible bravery and professionalism of all our servicemen and women.
The need to maximise the security and effectiveness of the operation meant that it was not possible to bring this matter to the House in advance, but we took care to brief Members—including of course you, Mr Speaker, and the Leader of the Opposition—before the strikes took place, and I have come to the House at the earliest possible opportunity.
I do not take decisions on the use of force lightly.
That is why I stress that this action was taken in self-defence.
It was limited, not escalatory.
It was a necessary and proportionate response to a direct threat to UK vessels, and therefore to the UK itself.
Let me be absolutely clear why the Royal Navy is in the Red sea.
It is there as part of Operation Prosperity Guardian, protecting freedom of navigation as a fundamental tenet of international law.
The Houthis’ attacks on international shipping have put innocent lives at risk.
They have held one crew hostage for almost two months, and they are causing growing economic disruption.
Global commerce cannot operate under such conditions.
Containers and tankers are having to take a 5,000-mile detour around the Cape of Good Hope.
That pushes up prices and imperils the passage of goods, foods and medicines that the British people and others rely on.
We have attempted to resolve this through diplomacy.
After numerous international calls for the attacks to stop, a coalition of countries gave the Houthis a clear and unambiguous warning two weeks ago.
Last week, the UN Security Council passed a resolution condemning the attacks and highlighting the right of nations to defend their vessels and preserve freedom of navigation, yet the Houthis continued on their reckless path.
We should not fall for the Houthis’ malign narrative that this is about Israel and Gaza—they target ships from around the world.
We continue to work towards a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza and to get more aid to civilians.
We also continue to support a negotiated settlement in Yemen’s civil war, but I want to be very clear that this action is completely unrelated to those issues.
It is a direct response to the Houthis’ attacks on international shipping.
We should also recognise the risks of inaction.
It would weaken international security and the rule of law, further damage freedom of navigation and the global economy, and send a dangerous message that British vessels and British interests are fair game.
There is another point here, which is often overlooked.
The Houthis’ attacks risk worsening the dire humanitarian situation in Yemen itself.
The UK helps to feed around 100,000 Yemenis every month, with aid arriving via the very sea routes that the Houthis have in their sights.
The threats to shipping must cease.
Illegally detained vessels and crews must be released, and we remain prepared to back our words with actions.
But dealing with that threat does not detract from our other international commitments; rather, it strengthens our determination to uphold fundamental UN principles.
If our adversaries think they can distract us from helping Ukraine by threatening international security elsewhere, they could not be more wrong.
On Friday, I travelled to Kyiv to meet President Zelensky and address the Ukrainian Parliament.
I took a message from this House to the Rada that we will stand with Ukraine today, tomorrow and for as long as it takes.
If Putin wins in Ukraine, he will not stop there, and other malign actors will be emboldened.
That is why Ukraine’s security is our security.
That is why the UK will stay the course, and it is why I am confident that our partners share our resolve.
Far from our resolve faltering, our military support to Ukraine will increase this year.
We will provide the biggest single package of defence aid to Ukraine since the war began, worth £2.5 billion.
That will include more air defence equipment, more anti-tank weapons, more long-range missiles, thousands more rounds of ammunition and artillery shells, training for thousands more Ukrainian servicemen and women, and the single largest package of advanced drones given to Ukraine by any nation.
All of that is on top of what we have already provided to support Ukraine.
In total, since the war began, the United Kingdom will have provided almost £12 billion of aid to Ukraine.
We were the first to train Ukrainian troops, the first in Europe to provide lethal weapons, the first to commit main battle tanks, the first to provide long-range missiles, and now we are the first to keep the promise made at last year’s NATO summit, alongside 30 other countries, to provide new bilateral security commitments.
Ukraine’s rightful place is in NATO, and NATO will be stronger with Ukraine in it, but these commitments will help bridge the gap until that day comes.
Under the new agreement that we signed with President Zelensky, we are building Ukraine’s military capabilities; and if Russia ever invades Ukraine again, we will provide swift and sustained assistance, including modern equipment across land, air and sea.
Together with our allies, the UK will be there from the first moment until the last.
For all of this, I bring a message of thanks from President Zelensky to the British people.
Today, I hope  that the House will join me in sending a message back to the Ukrainian people: that we stand together as one in support of these firm commitments.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] We are building a new partnership with Ukraine, designed to last 100 years or more.
Yes, it is about defence and security, but it is also about trade, investment, culture and more.
There could be no more powerful sign of our unique bond than Ukraine’s decision to adopt English as the language of business and diplomacy.
So, through the British Council, we are going to fund English language training for the Ukrainian people.
In dangerous times, we are investing in defence, hardening our critical infrastructure and building our alliances.
We are resolute in our principles: international security; the rule of law; and freedom to determine your own future.
An attack on those principles is an attack on everything that we believe in and on which our lives and livelihoods depend.
As the home of parliamentary democracy and a leader in collective security, it is our responsibility to defend those principles and to defend our people.
That is who we are.
That is what Britain does and will always do.
I commend this statement to the House.
We come to the Leader of the Opposition.
May I thank the Prime Minister for the secure briefing last week and for an advance copy of his statement?
Let me reiterate that Labour backs this targeted action to reinforce maritime security in the Red sea.
We strongly condemn the Houthi attacks, which are targeting commercial ships of all nationalities, putting civilians and military personnel—including British forces—in serious danger.
The Houthi attacks are unacceptable and illegal and, if left unaddressed, could lead to a devastating rise in the cost of essential food in some of the poorest countries.
The international community clearly stands against the Houthi attacks.
Alongside the UK and the US, four other countries were involved in non-operational support, over a dozen nations are part of the maritime protection force in the Red sea, and many others support the recent UN Security Council resolution, which condemns the Houthi attacks in the strongest possible terms.
The UK strikes were limited and targeted, and did everything possible to protect civilian lives.
That is a proportionate response.
Military action must of course always be underpinned by a clear strategy, and it is the role of this House to ask the right questions.
So I ask the Prime Minister: what confidence does he have that his stated objectives have been met?
What process will he follow in the face of continued Houthi attacks?
What efforts are under way to maintain the support of the international community?
Will he confirm that he stands by the parliamentary convention that, where possible, military interventions by the UK Government—particularly if they are part of a sustained campaign—should be brought before the House?
Scrutiny is not the enemy of strategy.
While we back the action taken last week, these strikes still do bring risk, and we must avoid escalation across the middle east.
Will the Prime Minister tell us  how the UK will work with international partners so that our rightful actions are not used as an excuse by those who seek to expand violence throughout the wider region, or indeed reanimate the conflict in Yemen?
None the less, our armed forces across the region are showing the highest professionalism and bravery, both in defending commercial shipping and in this targeted action.
We thank them.
We are proud of them.
They continue to show that Britain is a force for good, as does the UK’s unwavering unity in support of Ukraine and against Russian aggression.
On the Labour Benches, we have backed all military support for Ukraine, so again we back the Prime Minister’s announcement of £2.5 billion for Ukraine next year, and we strongly support the agreement on security co-operation, which will give Ukraine vital confidence to plan for the year ahead.
I hope that it becomes a template for other allies to follow and that, in time, Ukraine will become a full member of NATO.
To those listening in Kyiv, Moscow or elsewhere in the world, let me be clear: whoever is in government in Britain, the UK will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Returning to the middle east, it is now over 100 days since the brutal events of  7 October .
Israel’s right to self-defence is fundamental, as is its duty to comply with international law.
The longer the conflict in Gaza rages, the greater the risk of escalation throughout the entire region.
On the Israel-Lebanon border, we must urge constraint.
We must make it crystal clear to all parties that the UK does not support this conflict extending further in Lebanon.
Within Israel and Palestine, in the west bank, settler violence must stop immediately, and in Gaza we need a humanitarian truce now—not as a short pause, but as the first step on a road away from violence.
The need for a sustainable ceasefire is clear to stop the killing of innocent civilians, to create the space for the return of all the hostages, and to provide urgent humanitarian relief to protect against disease and ward off a devastating famine.
From that first step, we can begin a bigger push towards peace, a permanent end to the fighting and a lasting political solution.
The hope of a two-state solution is fragile, but it is still there and we must fight for it, just as we must remain resolute in the face of aggression that threatens global security, whether in Europe or in the Red sea.