I agree that combating rural crime is extremely important, and the national rural crime unit is designed to do exactly that.
We have also legislated, of course, and we will implement that legislation to ensure that things like all-terrain vehicles and agricultural equipment have to be marked or fitted with an immobiliser.
Overall domestic burglary has fallen by 57% since 2010.
What progress his Department has made on implementing the Government’s 10-year drugs plan “From harm to hope”, published on 6 December 2021.
The commitments in the drugs strategy are being delivered, including investing more than £300 million in additional treatment capacity to create over 50,000 extra treatment places.
We are also enforcing hard, such as by closing down more than 2,000 county lines since 2019.
Local police in and around Weston-super-Mare have had notable successes in disrupting drug dealing and supply, but new dealers quickly take the place of the old ones.
The quantity of drugs and the number of addicts are not declining.
Does the Minister accept that although enforcement and education are vital, they are not enough to solve this problem on their own, and that the underlying legal frameworks we use to control these dangerous chemicals have to be addressed, too?
Enforcement is important.
Besides closing down those 2,000 county lines, Border Force seized about 19 tonnes of cocaine in the year ending March 2022—the largest amount seized in a single year on record.
I have already mentioned treatment.
The most important thing is to get people out of their addiction entirely, which is why we are investing so much extra money in treatment.
There are no plans to change the legal framework.
Drugs are illegal for a reason.
They are highly addictive and harmful, and the out-of-control public drug consumption in those jurisdictions that have liberalised significantly, such as California, San Francisco and so on, is not something we want to see in this country.
We are seeing escalating consumption and movement of drugs in Northern Ireland, and the drugs are coming from England and the Republic of Ireland.
What discussions will the Minister have with the Republic of Ireland to ensure that we stop drugs crossing the border?
We want to stop them coming from England, too.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Of course, one feature of the island of Ireland is that there is essentially no border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, and he has alluded to the various challenges that poses.
I would be happy to take up that issue and to see what more we can do to disrupt the supply of drugs north-south and east-west.
I thank him for raising the issue.
What recent progress he has made on ending the use of hotels for asylum seekers.
What recent progress he has made on ending the use of hotels for asylum seekers.
What recent progress he has made on ending the use of hotels for asylum seekers.
What recent progress he has made on ending the use of hotels for asylum seekers.
What recent progress he has made on ending the use of hotels for asylum seekers.
We are making significant progress on closing hotels, with 50 due to be closed by the end of January and more in the coming months.
We are also working to move asylum seekers into alternative, cheaper accommodation and have successfully cleared the legacy backlog by deciding more than 112,000 cases, while maintaining the integrity of the system.
Last year, after the police, the fire service and I raised concerns, the Home Office closed the OYO hotel in Earl Shilton.
However, Leicestershire still has asylum hotels open, including just over the constituency border in Appleby Magna, for example, and my constituents are concerned.
Will the Minister set out a timeline for when the hotels may close or, more likely, will he set out how the least suitable hotels will be closed first so that, as the backlog is dealt with, the closing of hotels falls in line, too?
As I set out, we are making good progress.
I hear calls from colleagues from throughout the House for closures in their constituencies.
We need to stick the course on delivering that, taking into account a number of factors including the ease of exit, the speed of exit, the fact that notice periods come into play and, crucially, value for money, which the taxpayer would rightly expect.
In welcoming my hon.
Friend to his new position, may I urge him finally to make good on his predecessor’s promise to close the temporary accommodation centres in my constituency and restore the two hotels back to their intended purpose?
Will he also work with his colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to ensure that the “local links” rule relating to social housing is amended to prevent Erewash from being disproportionately burdened by new applications once residents are awarded asylum?
I hear my hon.
Friend’s calls for the specific hotels in her constituency to be closed.
She can be reassured that we will continue to work closely on this issue with colleagues from across Government to get it right and make sure that we can exit hotels as quickly as possible.