Last week, The Times reported that there are 10,000 hotel beds going unused, at a cost of £1.5 million a day—that is in addition to the 3,500 buffer of empty beds held as a contingency in case of Manston being overwhelmed.
Are those figures actually correct?
The right hon.
Lady will recognise that it is of course important for there to be a buffer, to make sure that operationally we have the bed spaces required in a contingency situation to be able to respond to any surges and particular challenges.
That is a difficult area but one that we are looking at carefully.
Within the hotel estate, we are of course maximising the use of bed spaces wherever possible, which again helps us to get on and close the hotels, in a way that I think she would like to see.
The downside of the volume of asylum applications being granted is the pressure that that is putting on the local authority homeless sections.
Will the Minister have another look at the time given to asylum seekers from the date on which their application is accepted to the date on which they have to move out of Home Office accommodation?
Will he consider the issue of 28 days versus 56 days, which is the recognised limit under the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017?
Otherwise, all we are going to do is transfer people from Home Office-funded hotels to local authority-funded ones, with all the extra pressure of financial problems that that creates for local authorities.
On the dates, we are working with local authorities to give them as early visibility as possible about the anticipated number of people with decisions that have been granted that they should expect to see.
That helps to forward-plan and we are mindful of those points.
As things stand, there is no intention to change that 28-day period.
Clearly, planning and working with local authorities is critical, but in many cases people have more than 28 days within which to vacate.
Oldham has a proud history of supporting the persecuted.
As of March last year, our town is home to 910 asylum seekers, 145 of whom are in hotel accommodation, but there the housing crisis meets the homelessness crisis: 1,000 people in temporary accommodation, including 500 children.
Is it not time that the Government reviewed the dispersal policy, to ensure that every part of England plays its fair share?
I gently point out that Braintree is home to just two asylum seekers, as opposed to Oldham’s 910.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that I and my officials are carefully considering what more can be done to ensure that there is equitability in  the approach to dispersal.
That is critical, and we need to work carefully through some of the pressures and challenges that these issues present, but I gently say to those on the Opposition Benches that a key part of the response is to get the flows into the system down, and they do not have a credible plan for doing that.
There are currently 56,000 asylum seekers in hotels.
The Prime Minister promised to close those hotels some time last year, but since then the figures have gone up by 10,000.
Can the Minister confirm that that figure is correct?
I am clear in my mind that the figure that the hon.
Gentleman has cited, and that the shadow Home Secretary used last week, does not represent the picture as it stands today.
They will recognise that there is periodic reporting on statistical releases, but the figures they cite are not representative of the position on the ground today.
What steps he is taking to reduce legal migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce net migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce net migration.
On  4 December , I announced a new package of measures to further reduce legal net migration, including limitations on family dependants being brought in by workers and students, creating a salary threshold and raising the minimum income requirement progressively over the next few years.
My right hon.
Friend will know that the net migration figure of over 700,000 is completely unsustainable.
Were it to continue, that would represent the creation of 10 new parliamentary constituencies each year.
What co-operation does his Department have with the public services that have to meet the demands from the newcomers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must be conscious of the impact of the level of net migration on local populations and local authorities.
We recognise that the figure is too high and we are taking action to bring it down.
We work closely with other Government Departments to deliver on that, but while Opposition Front Benchers criticise the headline figures, they also oppose every single step we take to bring that figure down.
I commend my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary and my hon.
Friend the Minister for Legal Migration and the Border for all their work towards delivering on our manifesto commitment to reduce net migration.
My constituents are now looking for the results of all their hard work.
Will the Home  Secretary outline how his new legal migration package will make the most of our post-Brexit points-based immigration system?
This country has always had a global outlook: the ethnic composition of the Government at the most senior levels is a direct reflection of our global connectivity and those human bridges across the world.
We want to ensure this country is able to benefit from the expertise, knowledge and work of the brightest and best from around the whole world in a manner that is controlled, fair, predictable and well enforced.
It is good that the Government want to ensure that the brightest and best can continue to come to the UK to study, but does my right hon.
Friend recognise that the changes to the family dependant rules for students risk causing enormous damage to some of our elite business schools, which compete in the global marketplace for experienced, outstanding professionals?
What work is he doing with the sector to try to overcome some of those challenges?
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fact that we are in a globally competitive environment when it comes to this country’s quality higher education postgraduate offer.
I have no doubt that we are still highly competitive.
We will continue to work with the university sector on this and ensure that the people we bring to the UK are here to study and add value, and that no institution in our higher education sector mistakes its role—they are educators, not a back-door visa system.
I beg the Home Secretary to spread those more enlightened views to some of his colleagues.
Migration should not be a dirty word.
I am the son of a migrant.
I migrated myself to the United States at one stage.
My DNA tells me that I am 34% Irish and 32% Swedish.
Can every Member of this Parliament have their DNA published so that we can bring some sense to this discussion about migration?
I am not sure that the Government are able to compel such widespread disclosure—perhaps the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority might have a view on such things.
Both sides of my family are of immigrant stock: my mother came to the UK in the 1960s, and my father’s family in 1066.
This country has benefited from controlled immigration in a fair system, where people who play by the rules are rewarded and we say no to those who refuse to play by the rules.
I am a legal migrant, too.
Bath has a vibrant hospitality industry that caters for local people and tourists from all over the world, but many of our hotels, restaurants, bars and pubs are already struggling to find enough staff or are under threat of reduced working hours and closure.
How will the Home Secretary ensure that the proposed new salary thresholds and measures to reduce legal migration do not worsen those staff shortages?
We liaise very closely with other Government Departments to ensure that our system, which is transparent and fair, also supports the British economy.
We work particularly closely with the Department  for Work and Pensions to ensure that those who have talent and ambition but who, for whatever reason, are currently unable to fully engage in the job market are enabled to do so.
I myself have a background in the hospitality industry, and we want that industry to continue to thrive.
It is not the case that we should automatically rely on overseas labour for that; we can have home-grown talent as well.
The Home Secretary talked about people coming to UK universities to study.
Many people also come to our universities to carry out ground-breaking and economically important research, and they are worried about the rise in the minimum income thresholds, because that means they will be unable to bring their families with them.
What assessment has he made of the impact of the new changes on our universities’ important research work?
We recognise the contribution of the international pool of talent.
Indeed, when I was Foreign Secretary I signed up to a deal with India for talented postgraduates to exchange experience in our respective countries.
We will always look to support the genuine draw on talent, but we will also ensure that the higher education system is not used as a back-door means of immigration.
The system is about research and education, not a back-door means of getting permanent residence in this country.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
Giving the police the resources they need to police local communities and fight crime remains a Government priority.
We have delivered on our commitment to recruit 20,000 additional police officers; indeed, we have surpassed that.
Decisions about how they are deployed are, of course, a matter for discussion between chief constables, police and crime commissioners, and mayors, who are responsible for their local communities.
The legacy of Government cuts has left police forces across England and Wales with a £3.2 billion cash shortfall, and 6,000 officers have now been taken away from frontline policing duties in order to fill the roles of former police staff.
Can the Home Secretary start to acknowledge the effect of Tory cuts?
How will he rectify that and get more frontline police back into our neighbourhoods across the United Kingdom?
As I said, decisions on how a police force balances its important back-office roles and frontline policing roles are rightly decisions for the chief constable.
We have given additional resource, and we have delivered on our commitment to have more police officers.
Of course we are looking at police funding formulas to ensure that they remain well resourced, but there are more than 20,000—in fact, 20,947—additional police officers in England and Wales.
That will ensure that there are more police on the frontline.