Earlier this century, following threats of access to the Suez canal from Somali piracy, the international community united with a widely based taskforce to successfully suppress it.
Now that the Houthis are threatening seafarers’ lives and international navigation—along with the trade and jobs that depend on it—will the Prime Minister seek the widest possible international taskforce to deal with that?
Will he also support the people of south Yemen, who want nothing to do with these terrorists?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the necessity of building international coalitions, and I am pleased to say that that is happening.
Operation Prosperity Guardian, which we are proud to be a partner of, is upholding freedom of navigation in the region.
As has been mentioned, the UN Security Council resolution that was passed on  10 January  is instructive in this sense.
It condemns in the strongest terms the Houthi attacks, demands that they immediately cease all attacks and notes the right of member states to act in accordance with international law to defend their vessels.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also have seen the statement published by around a dozen of our allies before and after the strikes, which I hope will reassure him that there is broad international support for what we are doing and for the calls on the Houthis to desist.
I represent a constituency with a proud maritime tradition.
Families are anxious about commercial shipping staff whose jobs take them through the Red sea, and a scramble towards military action is endangering those UK seafarers.
Maritime unions are calling not just for more protection but for co-ordinated diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis.
After today’s attack on a ship, can the Prime Minister explain to seafarers how dropping bombs will lead to a de-escalation of a situation that is already endangering their safety?
That question is quite extraordinary.
It is Houthi rockets that are endangering the lives of seafarers in the region.
We have seen shipping companies welcome the action we are taking, because they are keen to see security and stability restored to the region.
That is what we are aiming to do: to disrupt, destabilise and degrade the Houthis’ ability to carry out these attacks and to restore stability to region.
That is very much the focus of our attention.
We are acting in self-defence to protect the lives of seafarers, not endanger them.
The right hon.
Lady would do well to call out the Houthis to stop what they are doing.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the international law case for his Government’s action in the Red sea is, unusually in my experience, relatively straightforward?
Does he also agree that the next significant challenge is to maintain and enhance a multinational consensus on deterring and combating more of these attacks, if they occur, and that acting in compliance with and respect for international law assists us in that task?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right.
I hope he will have seen the published legal summary of our advice on this issue.
This proportionate and necessary action was taken lawfully to respond to attacks by the Houthis, and it was the only feasible means to do so.
The UK is, as he knows, permitted under international law to use force in such circumstances.
It is right that we have due regard for the legal advice in such situations, and I reassure him that we will continue always to have regard to it.
While we fight to protect international law, it is important that we also follow it ourselves.
According to the YouGov poll taken last month, 71% of the British public want a ceasefire in Israel-Gaza, yet last week the  Government launched airstrikes in the Red sea in escalation of the situation in the middle east.
Although the Government were not under any constitutional obligation to have a parliamentary vote on that military action, or to abide by the result of any such vote, does the Prime Minister believe that the Government have a duty to the British public and the parliamentary community, which represents the British people, in building political support for such military action?
The Leader of the Opposition rightly said we need to ensure that malign actors do not try to distort what we have done for their own purposes.
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that to conflate and link our action against the Houthis with the situation in Israel-Gaza just gives ammunition to our enemies who seek to make things worse in the region.
We acted in self-defence, and I have explained the reasons, the processes that we followed and the accountability that I have to Parliament, which I am now discharging.
Separately, we will, of course, work very hard to bring humanitarian aid into Gaza and to try to bring about the sustainable ceasefire that we all want to see.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for prosecuting this military action.
As a matter of law it was highly necessary and clearly proportionate, and his legal position is watertight.
Countries around the world depend on that route but, as usual, it is the British and the Americans who do something about protecting it.
However, there are reports that more Houthi attacks are taking place this afternoon.
Will he take more military action, if necessary?