As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  said, to this day we are feeling the devastating impact of the Tories’ decision to cut 20,000 police officers.
Ministers such as the Home Secretary seem to expect credit for desperately trying to reverse it, but the National Police Chiefs’ Council was right that the efforts at reversal have moored 6,000 warranted officers in roles traditionally filled by civilians.
Again, we have heard from the Home Secretary that we have never had it so good, but there are still 10,000 fewer neighbourhood police.
Why will the Government not match our commitment to get 13,000 more police officers and police community support officers out on the beat?
Unless Labour has a plan for paying for those figures, it is just empty rhetoric.
The simple truth is that there are record numbers of officers in police forces across the country, including Essex Police, which I visited this morning—it has never had more police officers than it has currently.
It is right that chief constables decide how to deploy those police officers.
Again, unless we hear a plan to pay for those additional officers, I will not trust Labour’s figures.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of proposed changes to visa income thresholds on the university sector.
We have been mindful of the need to balance the impacts on individual sectors with economic growth, and the needs of the labour market with the need to reduce levels of immigration.
As part of our policy development, we undertook analytical work across Government that supports our decisions.
A regulatory impact assessment will be developed in due course.
The director of Universities Scotland, Alastair Sim, has expressed concern that changes to the Government’s visa income threshold could affect universities’ ability to attract global talent.
International students and academics make a contribution in excess of £5 billion annually to the Scottish economy.
If the Government recognise the contribution of international students and academics, as they say they do, why are they introducing a policy that threatens to prevent future cohorts of them from making a similar contribution?
Individuals will still be able to make a valid contribution in the years ahead, but in a sustainable and managed way.
There are no immediate plans to introduce further exemptions to the increased salary threshold, but the salary discounts remain in place.
We will continue to engage as the measures are introduced.
There are also opportunities domestically for recruitment.
At every opportunity, we should be trying to support domestic recruitment wherever we can.
What progress his Department has made on reviewing the police funding formula.
Work to update the funding formula is continuing, and I will update the House as soon as I can.
The House should be aware that next year, 2024-25, police and crime commissioners funding frontline police will see their budgets increase by up to £922 million, which is an increase of about 6%.
There is cross-party agreement that the current funding formula is unfair for police in Bedfordshire, with the Conservatives’ own PCC acknowledging that there is simply no meat left on the bone for local police.
My constituents are fed up with being told that they have never had it so good, or being fobbed off with one-off grants.
Will the Minister commit to a date to finally deliver a fair funding formula for my communities?
What I will commit to, as far as the people of Bedfordshire are concerned, is an increase in funding of £10.2 million for next year, 2024-25.
That is an extra 6.5% compared with this year.
They will also have 1,455 police officers.
That is about 200 more than Bedfordshire’s police force has ever had at any time in its history.
It is not unusual to hear from two Bedfordshire MPs when it comes to the police funding formula, because this goes all the way back to the last Labour Government, but there is a cross-party view in Bedfordshire that our police force is underfunded.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to meet all Bedfordshire MPs so that we can press the case for increases in funding for Bedfordshire Police?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues.
As I say, Bedfordshire Police will receive an extra £10.2 million next year—an increase of about 6.5%—which I am sure will be welcome up and down the county, but I am of course happy to meet my hon.
Friend whenever he would like.
I presume that is all of them, is it Minister?
I call the shadow Minister.
Police forces are not being listened to when they raise serious concerns about the funding formula and how it limits their ability to tackle town centre crime.
The British Retail Consortium reports that more than 850 acts of violence or abuse against shop workers happen every single day.
Everyone has a right to feel safe at work, so when will the Home Secretary accept that retail crime is out of control and accept Labour’s plan to introduce a new law to protect retail workers from violence and actually stand up for shop workers?
Theft offences are down by 47% since 2010, of course—those are the crime survey figures—but we have recently launched a retail crime action plan, where police are committing to prioritising attendance at incidents of retail crime and always following reasonable lines of inquiry in relation to shoplifting, assaults against shop workers and other forms of offending.
In addition, we legislated in the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022—
Order.
I call Selaine Saxby.
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing neighbourhood crime.
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing neighbourhood crime.
This Government recognise the impact of neighbourhood crime.
It is the crime that most affects people’s confidence—the confidence of individuals, businesses and communities.
The strategic response to this is evidence-based and targeted, and getting policing right in this area is incredibly important for maintaining community confidence.
I have seen for myself how successful the Government’s safer streets fund was in Barnstaple, and I am delighted that it will be extended into Ilfracombe this year.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that councils have the funding to help support those schemes?