The Prime Minister is right that Ukraine needs military support, but it also needs to be rebuilt.
Last year, the British Government opposed proposals that we should seize $300 billion-worth of Russian state assets sitting in banks around the world, including in the UK, and use them to rebuild Ukraine.
However, I note that the Foreign Secretary said in the United States of America in December that he is now arguing that we should be able to seize those assets.
Should we not legislate to ensure Putin pays for the reconstruction of Ukraine?
I am not entirely sure that I agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the situation.
I agree that Russia must pay for the long-term reconstruction of Ukraine and I have been clear about that.
On the G7 leaders call at the end of last year, I was the one who raised this issue and, as a result, the G7 have collectively tasked Finance Ministers with exploring all lawful routes to ensure that Russian assets are made available for that purpose.
We are working at pace to  identify all options for seizing those assets, and I reassure him that we are ensuring, in conjunction with our international allies, that the measures will be safe, robust and compliant with the international rule of law.
Again, it is the UK, together with the US, that has been leading that conversation in the G7.
Houthi attacks on shipping are a global problem, and it is right that we acted, alongside our partners.
Where close allies did not participate in those airstrikes, we still need them to act and act alongside us.
Will we encourage them to redouble their efforts to interdict arms smuggling from Iran into Yemen and therefore help to degrade further the military capacity of the Houthis?
My right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and we will continue to work with our allies.
I hope he will have seen the statement put out by about a dozen of our allies after the strikes reiterating their support for what we have done.
He will know that there was non-operational support from a handful of other countries, together with the much larger coalition of nations that are involved, in different ways, in Operation Prosperity Guardian.
Where other countries can play a part in interdicting Iranian shipments, bringing stability to the region and protecting international shipping, we of course want to work with them.
The Defence Secretary and the Foreign Secretary are having those conversations as we speak.
We live in most challenging times, with instability in the middle east, Europe and Africa.
It is important that we have the right kind of leadership and response.
We must make sure that our international shipping routes remain open.
What is the Prime Minister’s assessment of the degradation of the Houthis’ capabilities after the action last week?
On Ukraine, we must stand united in this House in saying that the Russians must be defeated for the aggression they have shown.
We should remain together, united, in saying once again, “Slava Ukraini”.
Lastly, the Prime Minister talks about a sustainable settlement in Gaza.
It is important that we recognise the scale of the humanitarian suffering, so may I ask him for an update on what we are doing to ensure that in Gaza we deliver peace and security, with the hope of a better world as we come through 2024?