The shambolic incompetence of this Government across every aspect of its disgraceful mismanagement of our country’s asylum system knows no bounds, but today I will highlight a particularly egregious example.
We already knew that the number of removals of asylum seekers whose claims had been rejected had collapsed by 50% since Labour left office in 2010, but over the weekend it emerged that the Home Office had lost contact with an astonishing 85% of the 5,000 people who have been identified for removal to Rwanda.
Where on earth are those 4,250 asylum seekers who have gone missing?
Will the Home Secretary drop all the smoke and mirrors and acknowledge that the Rwanda plan is just an extortionately expensive and unworkable distraction?
When will he adopt Labour’s plan to recruit 1,000 additional immigration enforcement officers to a new returns unit, so that we can have a system that is based on common sense— Order.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
No, it is not “thank you”.
I have to get a lot of people in and this is totally unfair.
The question was very, very long, and I was coughing to get the hon.
Gentleman to stop, not to continue.
That is the signal we need to understand.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not want a particular Back Bencher to get in, I ask him please to point them out, because this is giving me that problem.
The mask has slipped.
The Labour party has said that even if the Rwanda scheme were to be successful, it would not keep it.
That shows what Labour Members really think about this.
They have no plan, they have no commitment, and they have even said that if something was working they would scrap it.
[Interruption.]
What steps he is taking to help reduce levels of fraud.
Apologies for my hesitation, Mr Speaker.
I was so busy listening to the heckling opposite that it was difficult to focus on what was going on.
This question is about something of which we should be very proud.
The fact is that fraud ruins lives, but this Government have managed to get it down by 13% year on year, online and offline.
It is extremely important that we continue with that ambitious agenda and ensure that we continue to cut fraud so that we can bring it down completely by the end of the Parliament.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that the key to reducing levels of fraud is to help people to understand what might be a fraud so that they are not taken in by it?
Is there more that we can do to help people to spot the signs and not become a victim in the first place?
The question about what is a fraud is becoming all too prevalent.
We have heard of many different kinds of fraud coming up in many different areas, which is why in a few weeks’ time we will, I hope, launch a new comms campaign about it.
The truth is that fraud affects so many people in so many ways, and we are trying to make sure that people know what is going on so they can claim the help and support that they need, to make sure that we defeat this pernicious evil.
We simply do not have the resources or expertise to tackle fraud.
I have a constituent who is still waiting for a charging decision five years after being the victim of fraud.
Her retirement has been ruined waiting for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service to make the charging decision.
Durham constabulary has a single forensic account.
Does the Minister believe, as I do, that a lack of specialist resources is leading to unacceptable delays in justice?
I completely understand the hon.
Gentleman’s point, and that is exactly why this Government have introduced a new national fraud squad—which is now almost fully recruited, at 400—and increased the funding available to forces to fight fraud.
Some forces are doing exceptionally well at this already.
Avon is doing extremely well and the City of London police is doing exceptionally well in leading on fraud nationally.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on recent changes to legal migration rules.
The Home Office engages with the devolved nations through the inter-ministerial group and recognises that each of the nations of the UK has varying immigration needs, reflected in the varied shortage occupation lists for each nation.
Immigration will, however, remain reserved.
It is not possible to operate distinct systems without effectively creating an internal UK migration border system.
Figures from the Office for National Statistics have revealed that the changes to the minimum income threshold for family and skilled workers disproportionately impact Scotland.
Median earnings on the west coast of Scotland are £24,700 a year, which is far short even of the climbdown figure of £29,000.
Did the Home Secretary even consider that this policy would effectively cut off migration to parts of Scotland that need and would benefit from inward migration?
The Government’s position is clear: the changes that we are introducing are the right thing.
The numbers of dependents we are seeing coming is disproportionate.
There will be an opportunity, through the review of the composition of the immigration salary list in the second phase, and through the call for evidence, for exactly those debates to be had and for those views to be made known.