While Pastor Spradlin held an impressive list of accomplishments in

Southern Baptist Convention leadership, he is remembered most fondly

for his lasting, positive impact on countless lives.
His sermons

underpinned his passion and commitment to the salvation of all those

with whom he spoke, balancing truth with the tenderness of grace.
Pastor Spradlin lived a remarkable life as a true pillar of

Bakersfield.
He cared for those in need with humility and grace, and

made a difference in countless lives, including mine.
He helped spread

the message of God's love not only throughout our community, but around

the world.
While Pastor Spradlin will be greatly missed, I am certain

that his legacy will live on through Valley Baptist Church and the

Valley Baptist church family who I know will continue to strive to

sustain the vision he brought to our community.
Judy and I offer our sincere condolences to Pastor Spradlin's

family--his wife of 46 years.
Ginger, their 3 children, Andrew,

Matthew, and Faith, and 10 grandchildren.
We will always cherish his

friendship, remember the wisdom he imparted on us and our community,

and keep his family and all those who attend Valley Baptist in our

prayers.
On behalf of the 20th Congressional District of California, I would

like to honor the life and legacy of Pastor Roger Spradlin for his

dedication to Christ, leading a great congregation, and for being a

beacon of compassion and love that the whole Bakersfield community will

miss.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF FORT WAYNE POLICE OFFICER DAVID

TINSLEY

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of

Fort Wayne Police Officer David Tinsley, who five years ago died in the

line of duty, and to commemorate the designation of the Officer David

Tinsley Memorial Parkway in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Officer Tinsley was known to his colleagues as a committed,

professional police officer devoted to the force and to his craft.
Across his sixteen years in the Fort Wayne Police Department, he led by

example, developing a reputation as a faithful servant to his

community, his fellow officers, and his family and loved ones.
The Officer David Tinsley Memorial Parkway will honor its namesake,

encompassing a stretch of Fort Wayne's roadway that Officer Tinsley

would frequently patrol.
It also passes by his home church of Emmanuel

Lutheran and serves as a gateway for visitors entering downtown Fort

Wayne from the west.
I cannot imagine a more fitting tribute.
Each time they travel along the parkway, residents of northeast

Indiana will celebrate Officer Tinsley's service and recognize what an

indispensable role he played in his community.
We will never forget his

memory, and the Officer David Tinsley Memorial Parkway will stand as an

enduring testament to his valor and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF LULA MAE PARKER-HARRIS

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Lula

``Mae'' Parker-Harris, a pillar of the Dutchess County community who

was beloved by all who knew her.
Mae recently passed away on August 27,

2023, at the age of 79.
Mae attended public schools and was educated at Dutchess Community

College.
She spent her career at various organizations including

Dutchess Community Day Care Center, Wassaic Developmental Center, and

Astor Head Start.
Mae was known throughout the community for her selflessness and

integrity.
A devoted member of the Smith Metropolitan AME Zion Church,

she was committed to civil activism, social responsibility, and equity

and equality in and around her community.
Her contributions to

Poughkeepsie, NY and Dutchess County will endure for generations to

come, and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her.