Overall, 28 of

Knight's 29 IU teams earned postseason invitations.
While Knight's system and his unwavering belief in those

coaching philosophies were a big part of his success at IU,

an even more important component of his success was the

abundance of exceptional student-athletes that he attracted

to and developed in Bloomington.
In all, Knight coached nine Big Ten MVPs and 27 All-

Americans at IU.
His first Big Ten MVP was Steve Downing, who

earned the honor in 1973 after leading Knight's second

Hoosier team to the program's first Big Ten title in six

years and its first Final Four trip in 20 seasons.
The next

to win the award was Scott May, the Big Ten's MVP in both

1975 and 1976 who also became Knight's first National Player

of the Year in 1976.
Calbert Cheaney became Knight's second

National Player of the Year in 1993 after guiding IU to a Big

Ten title, an Elite Eight berth, and becoming the Big Ten's

all-time leading scorer with 2,613 points, a mark that stands

to this day.
The list of Knight's legendary IU players doesn't end

there.
Far from it.
Quinn Buckner was a two-time All-

American, a three-time Big Ten champion, an Olympic gold

medalist, and a future NBA champion whom Knight often

referenced as the greatest leader in program history.
Isiah

Thomas was a 1981 All-American who guided IU to the NCAA

title that same season before going on to a Hall of Fame and

championship professional career with the NBA's Detroit

Pistons.
Steve Alford was a Big Ten MVP and two-time All-

American who led the 1987 team to an NCAA title.
And current

IU coach Mike Woodson was a two-time All-American and 1980

Big Ten MVP who was Knight's first IU player to score 2,000

career points.
Knight was born on Oct. 25, 1940, in Orrville, Ohio.
A

multi-sport standout at Orrville H.S., Knight played

basketball at Ohio State for Hall of Fame Coach Fred Taylor

from 1958-62.
A key reserve on those Buckeye teams, Knight

played alongside future Hall of Famers John Havlicek and

Jerry Lucas and helped OSU to the 1960 NCAA title and NCAA

runner-up finishes in both 1961 and 1962.
After graduating from Ohio State in 1962, Knight spent one

year coaching high school basketball at Cuyahoga Falls (Ohio)

H.S. before enlisting in the Army in 1963.
While in the Army,

Knight accepted an assistant coaching position with the men's

basketball team, and two years later was promoted to head

coach at the age of 24.
He went 102-50 in six years with the

program and earned four NIT invitations before IU Athletic

Director Bill Orwig announced his hiring as IU's new head

coach on March 27, 1971.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BARRY R. FEIRSTEIN AND HOLLY PEYTON GOOD FEIRSTEIN

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Barry R. Feirstein

and the memory of Holly Peyton Good Feirstein, who both worked to

create the `Pay it Forward' campaign which has positively impacted the

lives of those in the autism community by raising over $97,000 for the

Anderson Center for Autism.
Barry is also the 2023 recipient of the

V.V. Anderson Community Service Award that recognizes his outstanding

contributions to helping those living with autism.
Barry is a graduate of Brooklyn College and Harvard Business School.
He was a two-term Chairman of Brooklyn College where he worked

tirelessly to create the Barry R. Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema,

one of the few remaining film schools in a working studio.
Barry spent his career as founder of Feirstein Capital Management

where he concentrated his efforts to help others make solid financial

investments.
He is currently on the Weill Cornell Deans Council and the

Board of Autism Speaks.