Mae was known throughout the community for her selflessness and

integrity.
A devoted member of the Smith Metropolitan AME Zion Church,

she was committed to civil activism, social responsibility, and equity

and equality in and around her community.
Her contributions to

Poughkeepsie, NY and Dutchess County will endure for generations to

come, and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

recognizing the life of Lula Mae Parker-Harris, a remarkable woman who

made a lasting difference in her community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE SERVICE ACADEMIES DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EQUALITY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Service Academies

District of Columbia Equality Act, which would give the District of

Columbia the same number of appointments and nominations to the U.S.

service academies as states.
Currently, each Member of the House and

each senator is allocated five appointments to each service academy--

the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy and the U.S. Air

Force Academy--and each Member of the House and each senator is allowed

10 nominations for each appointment.
Therefore, since D.C. has no

senators, D.C. is deprived of 10 appointments and, assuming all

appointments are vacant, 10 nominations to each service academy.
I am

pleased Senator Tim Kaine has introduced the companion bill.
This bill would provide equality for D.C. residents who choose to

serve their country by applying to a service academy.
It is remarkable

that D.C. residents volunteer to serve a country that denies them

statehood, congressional voting rights and full home rule.
D.C.

residents have fought in every American war, and D.C. residents, who

pay all federal taxes, including paying more federal taxes per capita

than the residents of any state, deserve the same opportunity to attend

our prestigious service academies as residents of states.
D.C.'s population (690,000) is larger than that of two states and is

in line with the six states that have a population under one million.
D.C. servicemembers have helped secure voting rights for people around

the world, yet have always been denied those same rights when they

returned home.
D.C. residents deserve equality at the service

academies.
I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would

have voted yea on Roll Call No.
635.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DISTINGUISHED MILITARY SERVICE WITHIN WESTERN NEW YORK:

CLARENCE VETERANS DAY CEREMONY 2023

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to in honor of Veterans

Day, and the service and sacrifice of those brave men and women who

dedicated their lives to protecting the United States of America.
Western New York has a strong tradition of service, and I speak today

to join the Clarence community in recognizing the valor of 16 veterans

who have served our Nation proudly.
On November 11, 2023--this Veterans Day--these 16 names will be added

to the Clarence Veteran's Memorial Honor Walls.
I am honored to include

in the Record their names to be remembered forever.
Edward T. Ballow--Army

Mark A. Callanan--Marine Corps

Douglas J. Chadwick--Marine Corps

John C. Gettens--Army

Jack M. Leo--Air Force

Vernon A. Miller--Navy

Donald R. Miller--Army

Claron R. Miller--Army

Willis F. Miller--Army

Christopher L. Odien--Navy

John W. Patton--Navy

Albert Rabin, Sr.--Army

Robert H. Riegle--Army

Kenneth G. Schroeder, Jr.--Navy

Donald C .
Valone--Air Force

Donald H. Webster, Jr.--Air Force

On behalf of the constituents of the 23rd District of New York, the

United States Congress, and a grateful Nation, please join me in

thanking these brave men for their dutiful service to the greatest

country on earth.