I am honored to include

in the Record their names to be remembered forever.
Edward T. Ballow--Army

Mark A. Callanan--Marine Corps

Douglas J. Chadwick--Marine Corps

John C. Gettens--Army

Jack M. Leo--Air Force

Vernon A. Miller--Navy

Donald R. Miller--Army

Claron R. Miller--Army

Willis F. Miller--Army

Christopher L. Odien--Navy

John W. Patton--Navy

Albert Rabin, Sr.--Army

Robert H. Riegle--Army

Kenneth G. Schroeder, Jr.--Navy

Donald C .
Valone--Air Force

Donald H. Webster, Jr.--Air Force

On behalf of the constituents of the 23rd District of New York, the

United States Congress, and a grateful Nation, please join me in

thanking these brave men for their dutiful service to the greatest

country on earth.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ORANGE HIGH SCHOOL'S JROTC PROGRAM

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Orange High

School's Marine Corps Junior ROTC Program and its cadets.
In 1955, Master Gunnery Sergeant James H. Fearns petitioned to

establish the first ever Marine Corps JROTC Program in any Orange

County High School.
His request was repeatedly denied, but the Master

Gunnery Sergeant remained committed and traveled to Washington, D.C. to

demand a meeting with the

Commandant of the Marine Corps.
After speaking with the General a few

days later, Master Gunnery Sergeant Fearns returned to Orange County

having secured the charter.
Today, Orange High School has one of the largest Marine Corps JROTC

Program in the Western United States.
The JROTC Program instills in its

162 cadets the values of citizenship, service to others, self-

discipline, and personal responsibility.
Personal success after high school is an integral part of this

program, exemplified by the James H. Fearns Marine Corps JROTC Memorial

Scholarship.
This scholarship awards cadets who wish to attend college

or pursue a vocational school certification.
Last year, 12 cadets

received this prestigious award.
As we prepare to celebrate the 248th birthday of the U.S. Marine

Corps, I am proud to recognize Orange High School's JROTC program and

its cadets.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring these

accomplished students as they grow to become the leaders of tomorrow.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO VETERANS OF THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to all the men

and women who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States and

risked their lives to defend our freedoms and way of life and took and

lived the oath to ``support and defend the Constitution of the United

States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.''
Our Veterans have borne ``true faith and allegiance to the same, an

obligation they took freely, without any mental reservation or purpose

of evasion.''
Veterans are truly heroes walking among us.
I want to thank all of our armed servicemen and women for their

selfless dedication to our protection every day.
Veterans Day is a reminder to all of us who live in freedom that as

President Kennedy said, ``The price of freedom is high, but Americans

have always paid it.''
This Veterans Day is a welcome opportunity to remember the fallen who

gave the last full measure of devotion to their country on battlefields

around the world--in places whose names may be unforgettable--or

locations that have slipped into the pages of history.
We will never forget:

Revolutionary War--Valley Forge; York Town;

Civil War--The Battle of Antietam; The Battle of

Gettysburg;

World War I--The Battle of Argonne; Flanders Field; Verdun;

World War II--Pearl Harbor; Battle of Bataan; The Battle of

Midway; D-Day; Battle of the Bulge; Battle of Anzio; Battle

of Corregidor;

Korean War--Inchon; Heart Break Ridge; Pork Chop Hill;

Vietnam--Tet Offensive; Battle of Hue;

Desert Storm--September 11, 2001; Pentagon Attack (125

killed);

Operation Enduring Freedom; Battle of Kandahar;

Operation Iraqi Freedom; Second Battle of Fallujah;

Operation Allies Refuge; Operation Allies Welcome.