Veterans Day is a reminder to all of us who live in freedom that as

President Kennedy said, ``The price of freedom is high, but Americans

have always paid it.''
This Veterans Day is a welcome opportunity to remember the fallen who

gave the last full measure of devotion to their country on battlefields

around the world--in places whose names may be unforgettable--or

locations that have slipped into the pages of history.
We will never forget:

Revolutionary War--Valley Forge; York Town;

Civil War--The Battle of Antietam; The Battle of

Gettysburg;

World War I--The Battle of Argonne; Flanders Field; Verdun;

World War II--Pearl Harbor; Battle of Bataan; The Battle of

Midway; D-Day; Battle of the Bulge; Battle of Anzio; Battle

of Corregidor;

Korean War--Inchon; Heart Break Ridge; Pork Chop Hill;

Vietnam--Tet Offensive; Battle of Hue;

Desert Storm--September 11, 2001; Pentagon Attack (125

killed);

Operation Enduring Freedom; Battle of Kandahar;

Operation Iraqi Freedom; Second Battle of Fallujah;

Operation Allies Refuge; Operation Allies Welcome.
The memory of the fallen is never forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, each Veterans Day, Americans come together to remember

those who have served our country around the world in the name of

freedom and democracy.
The debt that we owe to them is immeasurable.
Their sacrifices, and those of their families, are freedom's

foundation.
Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen,

marines and Coast Guardsmen and women and their families, our country

would not live so freely.
I offer my deepest gratitude to our nation's 1.4 million troops and

reservists, their families, and the 16.2 million veterans, including

22,809 here in the 18th Congressional District.
16.2 million brave men and women are veterans of our nation's

military service.
This includes more than 1.7 million women, 2.7 million African

American men and women, 1.32 million Hispanic men and women, 342,000

Asian American Pacific Islanders, and 113,000 American Indians.
Of the veteran population in the country, 1.5 million veterans call

Texas their home.
We use Veterans Day to show our veterans and military families how

important they are to us and how grateful we are for them each day.
November is National Caregivers Month to show our caregivers how

grateful we are for them.
It is only fitting that we thank those caregivers who serve our

military today.
5.5 million spouses, parents, children, and other loved ones care for

our wounded warriors and 15 percent of caregivers spend 40+ hours a

week providing care for our military families.
As a senior member of the House Committees on Judiciary and Homeland

Security, I care deeply about our veterans.
In Congress, I have sponsored many legislative proposals and co-

sponsored more than 50 pieces of legislation that will positively

benefit our veterans and their families.
Including H.R. 232, the Real Justice for Our Veterans Act of 2023,

which looks to prioritize veterans court treatment programs, ensuring

equal access for women, as well as racial and ethnic minorities who

have served.
Additionally, I introduced H.R. 236, which would create a ``Battle

Buddy Check Week,'' meant to provide outreach and education, as well as

peer wellness checks for Veterans.
On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldiers behind.
As a Nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we will

leave no veteran behind.
This day and every day, let us honor their service with actions that

fulfill our commitment to our troops, their families, and our

veterans--and that are worthy of our grateful Nation.