He was a two-term Chairman of Brooklyn College where he worked

tirelessly to create the Barry R. Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema,

one of the few remaining film schools in a working studio.
Barry spent his career as founder of Feirstein Capital Management

where he concentrated his efforts to help others make solid financial

investments.
He is currently on the Weill Cornell Deans Council and the

Board of Autism Speaks.
His contributions to local communities in New

York, through both the `Pay it Forward' campaign and the Barry R.

Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema, will not be soon forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

recognizing Barry R. Feirstein being honored with the 2023 V.V.

Anderson Community Service Award.
This award is a fitting honor for the

profound difference he and Holly Peyton Good Feirstein have made in the

lives of those with autism through their `Pay it Forward' campaign.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GOLDEN VALLEY'S COMMITMENT TO OUR NATION'S HEROES

HON.
MATTHEW M. ROSENDALE, Sr.
Mr. ROSENDALE.
Mr. Speaker, on this Veterans Day, I rise to recognize

the people of Golden Valley, Montana, who are honoring the brave

Montanans who served our Nation in World War I, World War II, Korea,

Vietnam, and Afghanistan with a new memorial in the community.
The Treasure State has a long history of military service.
And

Montanans never fail to remember the sacrifice our men and women in

uniform have made to preserve and protect the freedoms we cherish.
Golden Valley is no different.
I commend the work they have done to

build a memorial to allow us all to pay tribute to those who have

fought for our country.
It is a privilege to represent the people of Golden Valley in

Congress.
It is also a privilege to recognize their commitment to

honoring our Nation's heroes in the U.S. House of Representatives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASTOR ROGER SPRADLIN, FOUNDER OF THE VALLEY BAPTIST CHURCH,

BAKERSFIELD

HON.
KEVIN McCARTHY

Mr. McCARTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

remarkable life of Pastor Roger Spradlin.
Born in Oklahoma in 1955, Pastor Spradlin graduated from Oklahoma

Baptist University in Shawnee in 1977.
He then enrolled in Criswell

College in Dallas, Texas, where he began to formulate his vision to

open a grand church in California.
Pastor Spradlin arrived in Bakersfield, California, in the late

1970s, serving as both a pastor and the Baptist Student Union Director

at California State University, Bakersfield, During this time, he began

demonstrating to our community that he was a man of resilient faith and

steadfast compassion.
Pastor Spradlin boldly embarked with other local

pastors on a mission to create a Bakersfield-area Baptist campus.
Valley Baptist Church was born and grew in size over the next decade

to a 2,000-seat auditorium by the late 1990s Under Pastor Spradlin's

leadership and vision, Valley Baptist would incorporate three

additional campuses in the Bakersfield area.
where services are now

conducted in four different languages to meet the needs of our

community.
In addition to his work in Bakersfield, Pastor Spradlin proved

himself a renowned leader in the California Southern Baptist

Convention.
Exemplifying the highest standards of moral and spiritual

leadership, Pastor Spradlin served as chairman of the trustees of the

Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, as well as chairman of the

Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention.
While Pastor Spradlin held an impressive list of accomplishments in

Southern Baptist Convention leadership, he is remembered most fondly

for his lasting, positive impact on countless lives.
His sermons

underpinned his passion and commitment to the salvation of all those

with whom he spoke, balancing truth with the tenderness of grace.
Pastor Spradlin lived a remarkable life as a true pillar of

Bakersfield.