Title: CELEBRATING ST.
PHILIP BENIZI CATHOLIC CHURCH OF SMILEY, TX 60TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
186

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ST.
PHILIP BENIZI CATHOLIC CHURCH OF SMILEY, TX 60TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate St. Philip Benizi

Catholic Church of Smiley, Texas, on its remarkable 60th anniversary

this year.
This incredible achievement stands as a powerful testament

to the Congregation's unwavering commitment to the faith and the Lord's

goodness to His people.
The Church's story is one of God's timeliness, faithfulness,

provision.
It dates back to February 15, 1963, when Reverend Benton

Thurmond wrote a letter to Archbishop Lucey requesting the need for the

people to have a place to teach and freely practice their faith.
It was

decided that two Divine Providence Sister Catechists, working out of

Gonzales, Texas, came to Smiley one full day a week to help Father

Thurmond's jurisdiction.
At the time, the plans for the St. Philip's Church were going through

approval of construction plans and financing--and with any similar

project comes financial challenges that often seem insurmountable.
Yet,

the Lord provided a donation through the Catholic Church Extension

Society that summer, and by the Fall of 1963, all plans were approved

for the new Church--beginning with a cornerstone donated by Robert

Pessek of Hallettsville, Texas.
In the years ahead, the Church became a rock in the community,

serving as a place for neighbors to connect, gather, and worship.
But

more than anything, St. Philip's milestone is a true testament to God's

grace toward his people.
Today, Father Naveen Thumma continues St.

Philip's longstanding tradition of faith and spirit in the parish,

leading the congregation into an incredible 60th year of service.
Philippians 4:19 says ``And my God will supply every need of yours

according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.''
There is no better

example St. Philip Benizi Catholic Church, sustained through God's

goodness.
On November 10 and 11, the Church will observe its 60th birthday with

a celebration, and I want to congratulate them and extend them well

wishes on behalf of Texas-27.
May God continue to bless them and

provide for them in the coming years ahead.
Mr. Speaker, congratulations to St. Philip's Church on this memorable

day.
May God continue to bless the Church, their leaders, and the

congregation in the present and future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MOTORCITIES NATIONAL HERITAGE

AREA

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the MotorCities

National Heritage Area (MCNHA) on the 25th anniversary of their

founding.
Their preservation and promotion of our area's unique

automotive and labor history is worthy of commendation.
The MCNHA was inspired by the 100th anniversary of the automobile, an

invention that shaped not only our state but the entire 20th century.
In 1896, Henry Ford test drove his first automobile, the Quadricycle,

through the streets of Detroit.
Legislation co-sponsored by two

Michigan Congressmen, John D. Dingell and Joe Knollenburg, was signed

into law in 1998 by President Clinton.
This law designated over 10,000

square miles, 260 municipalities and townships.
and 1,200 auto and

labor related sites as the MotorCities National Heritage Area.
The automotive and labor history of the region begins with Henry Ford

and the Ford Motor Company, founded in 1903 in Dearborn, MI.
Key

investors in that company were brothers Horace and John Dodge, who

would go on to found their own brand of vehicles in 1914.
The moving

assembly line that Ford introduced in 1913 at their Highland Park Plant

would revolutionize not only industry, but labor as well.
Daily wages

were more than doubled to $5, shifts were reduced from 9 to 8 hours

long, and the mass production of vehicles allowed automobiles to become

much more accessible to the average American.