Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I was quarantining after testing positive for COVID-19 and was unable to vote on April 28 through May 1, 2025.
Had I been present, I would have voted Nay on the following bills: Providing for consideration of the joint resolutions H.J. Res. 60, H.J. Res. 78, H.J. Res. 87, H.J. Res. 88, and H.J. Res. 89--Roll Call No. 105; Providing for consideration of the joint resolutions H.J. Res. 60, H.J. Res. 78, H.J. Res. 87, H.J. Res. 88, and H.J. Res. 89--Roll Call No. 106; Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Park Service relating to ``Glen Canyon National Recreation Area: Motor Vehicles''-- Roll Call No. 110; Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating to ``CA Motor Vehicle and Engine Pollution Control Standards; HeavyDuty Vehicle and Engine Em Warranty and Maintenance Provisions; Advanced Clean Trucks; Zero Em Airport Shuttle; Zero-Em Power Train Cert.; Waiver of Preemption; Notice of Decision''--Roll Call No. 111; Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating to ``California State Motor Vehicle and Engine and Nonroad Engine Pollution Control Standards; The `Omnibus' Low NOX Regulation; Waiver of Preemption; Notice of Decision''--Roll Call No. 112; Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service relating to ``Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for the San Francisco Bay-Delta Distinct Population Segment of the Longfin Smelt''--Roll
Call No. 113; and Congressional disapproval, of the rule submitted by the EPA relating to ``California State Motor Vehicle and Engine Pollution Control Standards; Advanced Clean Cars II; Waiver of Preemption; Notice of Decision''--Roll Call No. 114.
I would have voted Yea on the following bills: Setting Consumer Standards for Lithium-Ion Batteries Act--Roll Call No. 103; TAKE IT DOWN Act--Roll Call No. 104; TICKET Act--Roll Call No. 107; Youth Poisoning Protection Act--Roll Call No. 108; and Informing Consumers about Smart Devices Act--Roll Call No. 109.