Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor the 100th anniversary of the chartering of the Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, the eleventh alumni chapter of the first intercollegiate Greek-letter fraternity established for African Americans.
The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was founded on December 4, 1906, by 7 young African American men, known as the Seven Jewels, at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
The founders of the fraternity--Henry Arthur Callis, Charles Henry Chapman, Eugene Kinckle Jones, George Biddle Kelley, Nathaniel Allison Murray, Robert Harold Ogle and Vertner Woodson Tandy--recognized the need for a strong bond of brotherhood among African Africans.
The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity is the largest predominantly African American intercollegiate fraternity and 1 of the 10 largest intercollegiate fraternities in the Nation, with more than 850 chapters around the world.
The fraternity is led by General President Dr. Willis L. Lonzer, III, Interim Executive Director Sean L. McCaskill, Comptroller Donald E. Jackson and General Treasurer Densel Fleming.
Its Eastern Region and Mid-Atlantic Association of Alpha Chapters are led by Regional Vice President East Christopher G. Ellis, Jr., Regional Assistant Vice President East Tamir D. Harper, District VI Director Ray Hawkins, Jr., Assistant District VI Director Noah Absalon, and Area Director Michael Taylor.
The Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity was established as the first alumni chapter in the District of Columbia on October 1, 1923, in response to the desire of graduate members, many of whom were initiated into the Beta Chapter at Howard University, to give aid to the undergraduate members and continue the work of the fraternity after graduation.
The Mu Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity established the Mu Lambda Foundation in 1994 expressly to provide community service to residents of the District of Columbia and to inspire and assist today's youth in their quest to make their mark on society.
For 100 years, the Mu Lambda Chapter has played a role in the positive development of the character and education of men.
Six members of the Mu Lambda Chapter have served as the General President of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. and two have served as the Eastern Region Vice President.
Members of the Mu Lambda Chapter are leaders in the areas of government, business, entertainment, philanthropy, law, non-profit, science, sports, literature, armed services, religion and academia.