to be safe and respected, and how to speak out if they are not.
Incarcerated people, their families, and advocates now have more effective methods of reporting sexual abuse, as evidenced by the dramatic increase in the number of reports we have seen since PREA's enactment.
This is a clear sign that incarcerated survivors understand that people care about their experiences, that they have mechanisms to advocate for themselves, and that their voices should no longer go unheard.
Through these efforts and sustained support for survivors, the stigma of reporting abuse has been steadily eroding since PREA's passage.
I also want to acknowledge the broad-based coalition of advocates and civil rights groups that fought to pass PREA, encourage corrections facilities to implement PREA's National standards, and continue to ensure that the law lives up to its intended purpose and promise.
Specifically, people who have endured this abuse have been on the front lines of the effort to make our prisons and jails places where people are free of sexual abuse.
Just Detention International's Survivor Council deserves special mention.
These courageous survivors have fought tirelessly to ensure that no one ever has to face abuse and to instill in all of us the principle that no matter what crime a person has committed, rape is not part of the penalty.
The work we set out to do with PREA is by no means over.
Rape in prisons is still far too common.
And young people, LGBTQ+ individuals, immigrants, and people who come from communities of color are more affected by this crisis than others.
The recent cases of staff sexual abuse in California at the Federal Correctional Institution Dublin (FCI-Dublin) at the highest levels expose and illustrate the impunity with which many staff perpetrators still operate.
Making things worse, the dozens of women at FCI-Dublin who were abused could not initially get support services.
This highlights a larger problem of a lack of resources for community service providers.
Prisons, jails, and youth detention facilities nationwide must commit to implementing the National Prison Rape Elimination Act standards.
This doesn't mean merely changing policies as they're written on paper.
It means meaningfully adopting those policies and shifting the culture on the ground in detention facilities.
This encompasses everything from safer reporting procedures for survivors to stronger investigations after an assault occurs.
We must empower staff to identify signs that incarcerated people are being abused, and to identify red flags in staff behavior that could result in abuse.
We must also have more confidential emotional support services in prisons, especially from community providers, so that survivors can get the help they deserve.
And finally, we must end the culture of impunity and the code of silence among staff which allows abuse to flourish.
As I have before, I call on the Department of Justice to work vigorously to ensure that every state implements PREA to protect all inmates from sexual violence.