Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, Yaritza Perel graduated from Gateway High School in Kissimmee in May of 1999.
In September of that year, she arrived on the world-famous yellow footprints of the Marine Corps recruit depot in Parris Island, South Carolina, graduating in December.
After graduation, she was assigned to Fort Lee, Virginia for MOS training as a bulk fuel specialist.
Upon graduation, she was sent to her first duty station at Camp Pendleton, California, and assigned to the First Marine Division, First Marine Expeditionary Force, Seventh Engineer Support Battalion, Bulk Fuel Company.
After the attacks on September 11, 2001, the Marine Corps shifted gears and began preparing for deployment to the Middle East in support.
As part of the initial invasion, Bulk Fuel Company was attached to the Sixth Engineers Support Battalion.
Six days into the war, Bulk Fuel Company completed the 57-mile hose reel tactical fuel system, capable of pumping fuel from the Kuwait-Iraq border to Logistics Support Area Viper.
Setting up these fuel lines was crucial to providing all forward-moving units the capabilities to complete their mission and reach their targets.
These efforts earned Yaritza's unit a Presidential Unit Citation.
On her second enlistment, Yaritza was assigned to COMUSMARCENT at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida, where she served in an administrative role working in the G-1 and G-3 overseeing manpower operations and casualty accountability for all forward operating commands.
Upon completing those orders, she was sent back to the Marine Corps Air Station in Miramar, H&HS Squadron serving as Flight Line NCO conducting flight operations and fuel testing for all base operations.
Yaritza separated from the Marine Corps in 2013 and moved back to Orlando to be close to family.
Since her return, Yaritza has been an active member of the community, learning to repurpose her service to the great state.
Yaritza served as a platoon leader with The Mission Continues for over three years and completed over 50 community service projects in the Central Florida area.
After Hurricane Maria, she went with The Mission Continues to Puerto Rico to help restore the El Morro National Monument.
During her time volunteering, she found Moms Clean Air Force, a national nonprofit organization focused on cleaning the contaminated air across the state.
As the state organizer for Florida, she has met with congressional leaders, legislators, and community leaders to make and change laws and regulations to ensure a cleaner healthier environment for future generations.
As an environmental advocate, she was the voice for the voiceless and spoke on behalf.
Currently, she works as an outreach specialist with the Wounded Warrior Project.
In this role, she engages with veterans and their families to bring them out of the house and get them engaged with each other, our communities, and other resources that could aid them in their healing journey.
Yaritza is responsible for empowering and inspiring post-9/11 veterans in Florida to re-establish themselves as positive contributors to their communities.
She is also a proud mom.