Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I recognize the distinguished career of Retired U.S. Army Colonel and President Emeritus of Lackawanna College Mark Volk, a true hero of Northeast Pennsylvania, who has dedicated over four decades of his life to selfless service.
While Colonel Volk's military career is marked with honor and valor, it is his profound contributions to Lackawanna College that I wish to recognize upon his well-deserved retirement.
Colonel Volk's military journey spans 26 years, a testament to his unwavering commitment to duty and service.
His military career included 13 years in Field Artillery and an additional 13 years in Military Intelligence.
During this time, Colonel Volk held various staff and command positions, both in the United States and Germany, gaining expertise and honing his leadership skills.
While serving as the Chief of the Strategic Leadership Division in the Army Strategy, Plans and Policy Directorate (G3) at the Pentagon, his office was in the wing impacted by the plane during the tragic events of September 11, 2001.
For his heroic efforts and life-saving actions immediately following the attack on the Pentagon, he was awarded the Soldier's Medal, the Army's highest non-combat award for heroism.
Additional military awards earned by Colonel Volk include the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with 5 Oak Leaf Clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with 4 Oak Leaf Clusters, the Army Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, the Armed Forces Service Medal and the NATO Medal.
Upon his retirement from the military on January 1, 2004, Colonel Volk returned to NEPA and embarked on another chapter of service, this time in the field of education at Lackawanna College.
Over the course of 16 remarkable years his tenure was distinguished by remarkable achievements, serving as the executive vice president from 2006 to 2012 and vice president for operations and plans from 2005 to 2006 prior to taking over as president in July 2012 until his retirement in 2020.
Under his leadership, the college introduced online courses and degrees, offered baccalaureate degrees, established a nursing program and expanded with new extension centers.
It is a testament to his dedication and leadership that the college was ranked as the fastestgrowing private college or university, with enrollments of 500 or more students during his presidency.
Perhaps his most enduring legacy is his belief in the potential of individuals from all walks of life.
In his eyes, greatness is not reserved for the few: He firmly believes that everyone has the capacity to be a force for positive change in a world that yearns for it.
His optimism is contagious, and his unwavering faith in the region, families, and students of NEPA hag left an indelible mark.