Danny Delmastro, of course, cites the best example of his capability at the annual Aero Med Christmas Party, when about three-quarters the way through a great evening, Rammer says to Danny he's going to ``step outside for a smoke.''
Danny looks at him and says ``it's snowing,'' Ray just nodded and about an hour later with the place closing down and everyone looking for Ray, Danny went outside and found him on a bench with about three inches of snow on his head and his shoulders and said, ``Rammer!''
And Ray responded without missing a beat that ``yes, I'll have a final final.''
That was our guy.
He clearly is a giant of a man, Jim Iacobellis noted that.
He said he had a giant talent.
He could do anything he put his mind to.
He had giant knowledge.
He knew so much about so much, and if he didn't, he'd ask and inquire until he did.
He had a giant personality--the life and center of any gathering, you always wanted to be around him and talk to him.
He was a giant friend.
He had so many, and he knew them, he knew what they liked, and knew what made them happy or unhappy.
He was also the first to accept new people and become friends, as he did so with Jim more than 30 years ago when he was the new kid on the block.
Now, we have a Bocce tournament and a gathering and have done so for 32 years, and whether it's tents, limoncello, garbanzo and hot peppers, you know, and of course, grilling that sausage, it was Ray.
And as Linda and Leslie attest and verify and everyone agrees--without Ray, there would never have been a Bocce.
He was the essential part and mover.
I think it's safe to say that the way he lived his life and in talking with David McQuaid, I said, ``David, he had a great run.''
And David looked at me and says ``A run?
He had several runs.''
In short, Ray was authentic and original without a phony bone in his body, dependable as the day was long.
He was always there for everyone and in so many different capacities.
In this human comedy we call life, his skills, his curiosity, his inquisitive and honest and practical advice will be what I miss the most.
He was the real deal.
He was the Rammer.