Ms. Hosler earned a bachelor's degree in journalism in 1970 from the University of Maryland, College Park, where she was on the staff of The Diamondback, the campus newspaper.
After college, she got her start right here in Congress working as a press aide to U.S. 
Senator Charles Mathias and then began covering politics for The Bowie Blade and Prince George's News.
She then joined the staff in the early 1970s of what was then known as The Evening Capital in Annapolis, where she covered government, including the General Assembly and Anne Arundel County elections.
Those that knew her in the newsroom describe her as ``... sassy, brassy and bold...
She had the perfect reporter's combination of skepticism of what the government officials she was covering was telling her and empathy for the people she covered...
She asked the questions that got right to the heart of things.''
She then joined The Arundel Sun in 1977, and then went back to Annapolis, where she covered politics and state government.
From 1980 to 1983, she was the paper's state political reporter and from 1983 to 1988 its Maryland correspondent.
In 1988, she was named White House correspondent where she covered the administrations of Presidents Ronald W. Reagan, George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton.
In 2002, my colleague, 
Representative Steny Hoyer, included in the like to answer, but she always got it out of us.
She took her responsibility as a reporter very seriously and her readers were better off for it.''
As if her professional accomplishments were not enough, Karen completed 12 marathons including the Boston, New York and Marine Corps marathons and brought her love of running to Washington.
In fact, she even ran with President Bill Clinton and described the President as ``a whole lot faster than he looks.''
In 1993, Karen became the congressional correspondent for The Sun until 1998, and its deputy Washington bureau chief from 1999 until 2002.
From 2008 until retiring in 2020, she was a WYPR talk show host, reporter and assignment editor.
She was even the subject of a PBS special, which was based on a very personal piece written by Karen.
In these times of political turmoil, it was inspiring to read Karen's story and see what it means to live a life well lived.
Fair winds and following seas to Karen, and may her memory be a blessing to her husband and United States Naval Academy adjunct professor, Alan Friedman, and her brother, Richard Argy.