Mr. WILLIAMS.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to honor Indium Corporation as it celebrates its 90th Anniversary on March 13 of this year.
Founded in 1934 by Dr. William S. Murray, Indium Corporation first operated from his garage at 805 Watson Place in Utica, New York.
Dr. Murray was instrumental in identifying and enabling the first commercially viable applications for indium metal.
Today, Indium Corporation is a premier materials refiner, smelter, manufacturer and supplier to the global electronics, semiconductor, thin-film, and thermal management markets.
With five facilities in New York's 22nd Congressional District and several located internationally, Indium Corporation is a global leader in materials science and electronics assembly solutions.
Indium's innovative products can be found in many common consumer electronics and high-reliability technologies such as electric vehicles, mobile devices, life-saving medical devices, and emerging 5G technology.
Beyond Indium Corporation's role as a manufacturer, the company bolsters local educational resources through STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) outreach partnerships with schools, universities, and community organizations, impacting the lives of more than 5,000 students each year.
Indium's award-winning college internship program, inaugurated in 2012, has led to careers in STEM fields for over 100 students.
In addition, Indium Corporation initiated a pioneering apprenticeship program, aiding employees who are seeking to learn new skills and pursue higher education and assisting military veterans with making successful transitions to private sector careers.
The company recently celebrated its first graduates.
Indium is committed to giving back to the community through the support of many charitable and quality-of-life organizations including the American Red Cross, Stuff the Bus, ICAN, United Way, Support Our Vets, and the American Heart Association.
The company and its leaders have been honored by the Oneida County History Center, YWCA, MACNY, Mohawk Valley Alliance of Chambers of Commerce, and the Genesis Group.
On behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional District, I would like to congratulate Indium Corporation on the occasion of its 90th Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.