JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Dave Cort's

32 years of service as the San Geronimo Valley Community Center's

Executive Director.
Dave became the Community Center's first executive director in June

of 1991.
This part-time job was the first paid position for the

organization and came with only three required qualifications: owning a

truck, being able to lift 100 pounds, and possessing people skills.
His

role and the services provided by the Community Center expanded

exponentially over the next 3 decades.
Dave ensured the Community Center was a successful resource for the

San Geronimo Valley residents.
He reformed the local delivery service,

partnered with Lagunitas School District to facilitate after-school and

daycare programs, and managed the expansion of senior services to

include a new Senior Lunch program in the early 2000s.
Understanding

the need for recreation opportunities to promote community wellness,

Dave also worked to build the Community Gym in 2010.
In 2019, Dave rallied community donors to seed the Deepening Roots

Endowment with $2 million.
A year later, the COVID-19 pandemic

underscored the need for financial security for the Center in order to

provide critical services to the San Geronimo Valley community

emergencies.
During the pandemic, Dave assembled the Community Center's

resources to bring vaccines, tests, food, emergency funds, accurate

information, and a sense of community to the residents of West Marin.
Today, the San Geronimo Valley Community Center has a staff of 22

people and a comprehensive mission to foster healthy communities within

the San Geronimo Valley and Nicasio.
Thanks to Dave Cort's dedication

and leadership, the organization has become integral to the quality of

life for the community, ensuring local residents have access to quality

programs in the arts, youth services, senior services, community

events, and more.
Mr. Speaker, Dave Cort exemplifies what it means to be a community-

minded public servant.
His contributions to the San Geronimo Valley

Community Center and the people of West Marin are extraordinary and

appreciated.
Therefore, please join us in congratulating him for

decades of inspiring work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REUNION OF U.S. ARMY NONCOMMISSIONED OFFICER CANDIDATE COURSE

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute

to hundreds of United States Army veterans who are gathering in and

around our nation's capital the week of September 25, 2023, to join in

reunion of their graduation from the Noncommissioned Officers Candidate

Course (NCOCC).
The program was established for the training of noncommissioned

officers in the U.S. Army.
The program operated at Fort Benning, GA,

Fort Bliss, TX, Fort Knox, KY, Fort Sill, OK, and Fort Leonard Wood,

MO, from 1967 to 1972, during the height of the Vietnam War.
As a proud

graduate of the program and fellow Vietnam War veteran, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring and saluting these leaders, combat

veterans--many of them wounded--and unsung heroes.
As the Vietnam War progressed in the 1960s, the Army was running out

of noncommissioned officers in several combat specialties.
In order to

meet these unprecedented requirements for Noncommissioned Officer

(NCO) leaders, the Army developed a solution based on the proven

Officer Candidate Course.
If a carefully selected soldier can be given

23 weeks of intensive training that would qualify him to lead a

platoon, then others can be trained to lead squads and fire teams in

the same amount of time.
From this seed, the NCOCC was born.
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Harold K. Johnson approved the concept on

June 22, 1967, and on September 5, the first course at Fort Benning

(now Fort Moore), Georgia, began with Sgt.
Maj.
Don Wright serving as

the first NCOCC Commandant.
Potential candidates for the course were selected from groups of

initial entry soldiers who had a security clearance of confidential, an

infantry score of 100 or over, and demonstrated leadership potential.