We signed four bills into law my

freshman term and chalked up more wins in the 117th Congress.
As a true talent, Andy was eventually offered a position he couldn't

refuse--to become Executive Director of the New Democrat Coalition.
Over the three years he served in my office, Andy proved himself a

consummate leader by hiring and training a team that operated with his

same dedication to public service--and so was able to take the new

opportunity, knowing he left the office in good hands.
Similarly, he

leaves the New Democrat Coalition for another opportunity, leaving

behind a Coalition that is stronger and more impactful for his

leadership.
I will continue to support Andy to achieve all his professional and

personal goals.
His hard work and innovative thinking have earned my

respect, and his commitment to public service has earned my admiration.
He will always be my first great advisor in public office, and a true

friend.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the staff of my office past and present, I

celebrate Andy's 14-year career in the U.S. House of Representatives

and wish him nothing but success in his next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING JOHN SHELL FOR HIS SERVICE TO ALABAMA DISTRICT ONE

HON.
JERRY L. CARL

Mr. CARL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Shell for his

service to Alabama's First Congressional District.
John Shell initiated

the Eagle Reef Project, which involves deploying reef structures to

foster marine life.
These reefs are installed under docks or wharfs to

filter and clean up to 10,000,000 gallons of water annually.
They

provide homes for many species of fish and crabs.
John raised $52,000

for 175 reefs in aims to expand the project to reach 1,000 reefs along

the coast of Alabama, and eventually to Mississippi and Florida.
He

hopes to do a similar project in coastal areas along the Gulf and the

Atlantic.
His environmental impact on our waters is remarkable.
We wish him all

the best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FILIPINO AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH RESOLUTION

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, each year our country recognizes October as

Filipino American History Month, a time for all Americans to celebrate

the incredible past, present and future of our fellow citizens whose

heritage lies in the great country of the Philippines.
I am especially humbled to do so as the Representative of Hawaii's

First Congressional District, where some 190,000 Filipino Americans

live, more than any other of our 435 districts throughout the country.
With Hawaii's Second Congressional District that has the second largest

Filipino Americans population at about 180,000, our Fil-Am community in

Hawaii stands at 370,000.
In total, fully a quarter of all Hawaii

residents are Filipino Americans, by far the largest percentage of any

state or territory.
We observe Filipino American History Month in October because the

first recorded arrival of Filipinos in the continental United States

took place on October 18, 1587, when the ``Luzones Indios'' came ashore

from the Manila-built galleon Nuestra Senora de Esperanza in Morro Bay,

California.
Today, across the country Filipino Americans have a

population of approximately 4,400,000 and are the third largest Asian

American and Pacific Islander group in the United States.
Many of the early Filipino immigrants were young men who came to the

United States seeking a better life.
Most found work in Hawaii,

California, Washington and Alaska.
This first generation of Filipino

immigrants are commonly referred to as the Manong generation (Ilocano

for first-born male).
They worked mostly physically demanding jobs in

tough conditions for very little pay.
Over the years, they fought

against discrimination, found a way forward and made a better future

for themselves and their future generations.
They became respected

members of communities throughout our nation.
The history of the Fil-Am community in Hawaii is particularly rich

and echoes the national story.