Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my

dear friend, Dixie Ferguson, for her outstanding work and life-long

dedication to serving our men and women in uniform and the veterans of

our Eastern Washington community.
Dixie began her service journey in 1966 when she joined the American

Red Cross after graduating from the University of California, Davis.
She joined the Clubmobile Service and provided support to our combat

troops in Vietnam as a ``Donut Dolly.''
Dixie became well-known for her

work at USO shows--singing, dancing, and serving food--to the young men

fighting for our freedom who were missing home.
After returning home in

1968, Dixie served as a social worker at Long Beach Naval Hospital in

California, Fitzsimons Army Hospital in Colorado, and the Naval

Hospital at Camp Pendleton where she supported those wounded in combat.
Fast forward more than 50 years later, and Dixie is still serving our

active duty and retired service members through the American Red Cross

Chapter in Walla Walla.
In 2016, she earned the Red Cross Volunteer of

the Year Award for her work as an outreach and emergency communications

caseworker.
Dixie has gone above and beyond volunteering her time through the

years.
Most recently, she has played an instrumental role in

documenting the stories of those who served in World War II and Vietnam

through the Library of Congress' Veterans History Project.
To date, she

has helped record nearly 200 veterans' stories.
Additionally, Dixie has

helped coordinate flights in the skies of Walla Walla for nearly 700

veterans as part of The Honour Project, while also proudly helping

members of the Greatest Generation make their journey to visit the war

memorials in Washington, D.C. as a part of the Inland Northwest Honor

Flight.
There is truly no task too big or too small for Dixie.
Throughout the

years, she served on a local committee responsible for bringing the

second Gold Star Families Monument to Washington state.
In 2021, she

established Volunteers Love Serving Veterans, a local non-profit

committed to service.
Most recently, she organized and planned an

annual POW/MIA ceremony event, where she welcomed a Congressional Medal

of Honor recipient to be the guest speaker.
One thing is certain: There are very few in our country who have

rolled out the red carpet for our veterans like Dixie Ferguson has.
Her

love of service and dedication to our veterans has brought endless joy

to the Walla Walla military and veteran community that continues to

grow each year.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the

outstanding service of Dixie Ferguson to our men and women in uniform.
Her work on their behalf is awe inspiring, and the profound impact she

has had on our Nation's heroes will leave a legacy not soon to be

forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAMES MANUEL VILLA WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN

COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to present James Manuel

Villa of Waco, Texas with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
James Villa's dedication is evident from his three combat deployments

in Iraq with the Marines First Division, Second Battalion, 5th

Regiment.
Joining the Marines in 2002, his initial engagement in 2003

saw participation in the Battle of Al Faw, capturing pivotal regions

around the Rumaila Oil Field, and ensuring security and stability in

Samawah, Iraq.
His subsequent deployment in 2004 to Ramadi earned him

the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal with combat distinguished

service, a testament to his leadership as a fire team leader.
Even after fulfilling his enlistment and intending to pursue

education at Baylor University, duty called him back.
His third

deployment brought more accolades for distinguished service in

Fallujah, coupled with the significant responsibility of training 70

Iraqi police recruits.
He attained the rank of Sergeant, receiving his

honorable discharge in 2009.