Even after fulfilling his enlistment and intending to pursue

education at Baylor University, duty called him back.
His third

deployment brought more accolades for distinguished service in

Fallujah, coupled with the significant responsibility of training 70

Iraqi police recruits.
He attained the rank of Sergeant, receiving his

honorable discharge in 2009.
Following his service with the Marine Corps at Camp Pendleton in

2009, James transitioned to education.
He achieved his Bachelor of Arts

from Rockhurst University in 2011 and later a Master of Education from

Tarleton State University.
Besides his academic achievements, James's

impact in the community of Waco is profound.
As an eighth-grade science

teacher, he was celebrated as the 2017 Waco ISD Secondary Teacher of

the Year.
Today, he stands as a beacon of leadership and hope as the

principal of La Vega High School, holding a deep-seated belief in the

potential of every student and their ability to effect change in their

community.
James, alongside his wife Ivy, are the proud parents of five

daughters and three sons, reflecting his commitment both to family and

nation.
For his relentless dedication to his country, and now his community,

it is with deep respect that I present the Congressional Veteran

Commendation to James M. Villa.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OUR LADY OF VICTORY

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Mr. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize the parish of Our

Lady of Victory and its founding mother, Anna Bates, as they celebrate

eighty years of service in faith to the people of Detroit in Michigan's

12th Congressional District.
Our Lady of Victory's story begins in a store front on Eight Mile

Road in 1943.
Mother Bates was instrumental in ensuring that the parish

had a home in Detroit in spite of segregation and other challenges to a

predominately Black place of worship.
In 1941, the city built an eight-

foot segregation wall that extended a half-mile long just blocks from

the new Our Lady of Victory mission site.
As tensions over disparity

and racial injustice came to a head, resulting in the 1943 protests,

the wall became a symbol for the increasingly unjust living conditions

for Black residents.
Spurred by the protest and increasing tension, Mother Bates spent ten

years petitioning the archdiocese to create a house of worship for

Black residents who were not permitted to enter any of the neighboring

white Catholic Churches.
Nearby Catholic parishes were adamantly

opposed to welcoming Black Catholics.
But Mother Bates persevered.
Our

Lady of Victory was finally recognized as a parish.
Though the parish

has relocated over the years, we are glad they are now housed in the

St. Scholastica campus in Michigan's 12th District.
Please join me in recognizing of Our Lady of Victory's legacy in the

fight against racial injustice, as they celebrate eighty years of

service and fellowship in faith.