Over the years, they fought

against discrimination, found a way forward and made a better future

for themselves and their future generations.
They became respected

members of communities throughout our nation.
The history of the Fil-Am community in Hawaii is particularly rich

and echoes the national story.
In 1906, the first 15 sakada contract

laborers arrived in Honolulu from the Philippines aboard the SS Doric,

marking the first sustained immigration into our country and the humble

beginnings of Fil-Ams in Hawaii.
These first immigrants, those that

followed and the subsequent generations eventually became trailblazers

in politics and government, the military, business and

entrepreneurship, journalism, popular culture, music and the arts and

more.
Domingo Los Banos was Hawaii's first Filipino American school

principal and a loyal veteran of the 1st Filipino Infantry Regiment

that fought in the Philippines during World War II.
Carolina Dizon Wong broke a glass ceiling when she obtained an M.D.

degree and became the first Filipino American to start a medical

practice in Hawaii in 1952.
Peter Aduja became the first Fil-Am elected to public office in the

United States when he was elected to the Hawaii Territorial House of

Representatives in 1954.
Ines Cayaban was the first Filipino American graduate of the School

of Public Health, Nursing and Social Work at the University of Hawaii.
She received the prestigious Jefferson Award in 1986 for her service.
In 1994, Ben Cayetano was elected the Governor of Hawaii, becoming

the first Filipino American governor of a state in our union.
In 2019, Roy Macaraeg became the first Fil-Am to become a general

officer in the history of Hawaii's citizen soldier ranks.
In Hawaii, we also regularly honor the over 250,000 Filipinos who

answered the call to protect and defend America and the Philippines in

the Pacific theater.
In 2016, President Obama signed into law the

Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act to

bestow Congress's highest honor upon those veterans.
With my colleagues

in the House, I have introduced our Filipino Veterans Family

Reunification Act, which seeks to reunite World War II Filipino

soldiers with their children, so that we can honor those living in our

community who fought to protect the free and open Indo-Pacific that we

have today.
Each and all of these lives of achievement are but a small sampling

much to the rich fabric of our country.
And the story of Filipino

Americans is still in its early chapters.
This is why it is important that we take the time to recognize groups

like Filipino Americans.
The story of Filipino Americans, and to an

extent, the stories of all of our various ethnic groups, is the story

of America.
From very humble beginnings, they have risen through hard

work, sacrifice, commitment to advancing the next generations and

mutual support to achieve so much already.
That well describes Filipino

Americans overall--embracing the responsibilities and opportunities of

America while honoring and treasuring the rich heritage of their

ancestral homeland.
All of this is why I joined my friends and colleagues Congresswoman

Michelle Steel, Congressman Bobby Scott, Congressman James Moylan and

others in introducing this bipartisan resolution to express support for

the designation of October as Filipino American History Month.
We urge

our colleagues' support to promote an ongoing appreciation of the

contributions of Filipino Americans to our country and the rich

diversity of our nation.
To Fil-Ams everywhere, ``Maraming Salamat Po'' and ``Dios ti

Agngina''--congratulations.
I truly look forward to partnering with

them on their next proud chapters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVE CORT

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Dave Cort's

32 years of service as the San Geronimo Valley Community Center's

Executive Director.
Dave became the Community Center's first executive director in June

of 1991.