Title: CELEBRATING COMMUNITY CHILD CARE COUNCIL (4CS) OF ALAMEDA COUNTY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
159

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING COMMUNITY CHILD CARE COUNCIL (4CS) OF ALAMEDA COUNTY

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleagues, Representative

Lee and Representative Khanna to recognize the Community Child Care

Council of Alameda County, which will celebrate 50 years of serving

children and families in Alameda County on Thursday, October 5, 2023.
The Community Childcare Coordinating Council of Alameda County, which

later became the ``4Cs'' of Alameda County, was founded in December of

1972 to offer essential resources to assist families with a network of

community services.
4Cs provides access to affordable childcare and family-focused

services including childcare referrals, payment assistance, playgroups,

free tax preparation assistance, car seat installation checks, and

family workshops.
4Cs also supports local childcare providers by

offering health and safety trainings, best practices seminars, and

ongoing consultation support.
Operating with locations in Hayward, Oakland, and Fremont, 4Cs is

governed by a 14-member Board of Directors which employs 75 team

members providing services in 18 languages, including English, Spanish,

Cantonese, Mandarin, Vietnamese, Tagalog, and Hindi.
As a leading family resource agency, 4Cs has provided over 3,500

personalized referrals, 91 trainings, and over $28 million in payments

to cover childcare costs for 1,961 families in Alameda County in 2022.
For 50 years, the 4Cs of Alameda County played a pivotal role in

ensuring families can secure culturally competent, high-quality

childcare in Alameda County.
They have truly embodied their values of

diversity, accountability, professionalism, teamwork, growth,

innovation, and friendship for all children and families.
We join the

Community Child Care Council of Alameda County in celebrating its

legacy and wish it many more productive years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE HOUSE CAREER OF MR.
ANDY FLICK

HON.
DAVID J. TRONE

Mr. TRONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of Mr.

Andy Flick, my former Chief of Staff, as he departs the People's House

after 14 years to serve Vice President Harris as her new Director of

Legislative Affairs.
When I was elected to Congress in 2018, I had achieved success in

business, but I was a novice at operating in the halls of Congress.
I

had big ideas about what our country needed, and I knew I needed the

right team in place to execute and help me be as effective a legislator

as I possibly could.
It was recommended I speak with Andy, who had

significant experience in the House, an impressive professional

network, and was brimming with ideas on how to run a Congressional

office.
I hired Andy and we were off and running.
Andy knew how to both move

legislation and manage a team to bring out their potential.
Our best

conversations revolved around my experience running a business and

applying it to management on Capitol Hill.
From Andy, I learned from

his insights into politics and procedure.
As a manager, Andy ran our

team with professionalism and empathy, and consistently pushed the team

to achieve our shared goals.
Andy helped me realize one of my top

priorities in Congress when we founded the Freshman Working Group on

Addiction--which has since grown into the Bipartisan Mental Health &

Substance Use Disorder Task Force, a 140-member group dedicated to

overcoming the opioid epidemic.
We signed four bills into law my

freshman term and chalked up more wins in the 117th Congress.
As a true talent, Andy was eventually offered a position he couldn't

refuse--to become Executive Director of the New Democrat Coalition.
Over the three years he served in my office, Andy proved himself a

consummate leader by hiring and training a team that operated with his

same dedication to public service--and so was able to take the new

opportunity, knowing he left the office in good hands.