Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Navy veteran John T. Golden, Sr. John T. Golden.
Sr. was born in the Bronx, New York, on April 11, 1926.
He graduated from Long Beach High School and attended CW Post College before enlisting in the U.S. Navy on February 5, 1943.
John was trained in Diesel Mechanics, Demolitions, and was submarine qualified.
After beginning his military career as a Fireman, he went on to serve as a Motor Mechanics Mate.
During World War II, John was stationed at forward Naval Amphibious Assault bases in England and served aboard an LST ship during the D-Day Invasion and subsequent transport operations.
Later, he was assigned to the transport ship USS General Leroy Eltinge for Operation Magic Carpet, which took him to China before being transferred to the USS General W.F. Hase, which brought him back to the United States.
Upon being honorably discharged on March 18, 1946, John was awarded the Good Conduct Medal, the Asiatic-Pacific Theater Medal, the European Theater Medal, and the WWII Victory Medal.
Returning to civilian life, John built a family and a distinguished career.
He married Geraldine K. Wood on September 1, 1951, and together they raised five children.
John served 20 years with the Nassau County Police Department's 4th Precinct, working as a Detective in the Narcotics and Homicide Divisions.
After retiring from the police department in 1972, John and Geraldine relocated to the Town of Day, New York.
He then worked at the International Paper Company in Corinth until his retirement in 1988.
Outside of his professional life, John was deeply engaged in his community.
He was a member and past Commander of the Hudson-Sacandaga VFW Post No. 5836, a member of the William J. Varney American Legion Post 862, and the Roosevelt Rod and Gun Club.
His commitment to veterans' organizations and community activities reflected his lifelong dedication to service.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to recognize World War II Veteran and Motor Mechanics Mate John T. Golden, Sr.