I look forward to working with the right hon.
Lady and her Committee in its important work.
We have made a significant commitment to the closure of asylum hotels, which is crucial for public conference.
It is a matter of record that we are looking at big sites, including Ministry of Defence sites, but we will of course look very closely at the history in this space to ensure that anything that we do is effective and sustained.
I warmly welcome the Home Secretary and her team to their places.
The Home Secretary will be aware of the recent horrific attack and rape of a Sikh woman in Oldbury, in my constituency, who reportedly had racist abuse directed at her.
The case is being treated as a hate crime and a suspect is under arrest.
What steps is the Home Secretary taking to support West Midlands police in securing justice in the case, and to address the wider concerns of the Sikh and other ethnic minority communities regarding the increase of racism in the public discourse, which can lead to targeted violence and damage community safety?
The horror of a sexual assault motivated by race or ethnicity is absolutely appalling.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in condemning such crimes in the strongest possible terms.
On the specifics of the case, it is an ongoing criminal investigation and it is imperative that we allow the justice system to do its work.
I urge anyone with any further information about the case to get in touch with West Midlands police as soon as possible.
I hope that my hon.
Friend and Members across the House will have heard my comments earlier, when I said that this Government will not stand for any incitement to racial hatred or violence.
It is imperative and incumbent on all Members of the House to ensure that we all jointly and collectively hold that line.
In an earlier answer, the Minister referred to the increasing use by police of live facial recognition.
While that may well have some effect on tackling crime, it is being used without any legal framework and no national instructions.
Will she say when those will be put in place?
Facial recognition is being used in a controlled way for high harm individuals.
There is guidance about how it should be used, but I am happy to have a further conversation with the right hon.
Gentleman about that, as I am aware that Members from across the House have raised the issue of the framework within which it operates.
I pay tribute to my former colleagues for the way that they professionally policed the protests over the weekend, and I wish those who were injured a speedy recovery.
Police officers cannot join a union and they have only one staff association—the Police Federation—to choose from, the chief executive of which reportedly took home over £600,000 last year.
Will the new ministerial team commit to reviewing whether that monopoly can really serve the interests of our brave police officers?
We need to ensure that our police officers are given the best support that they can be given through the Police Federation, which is the vehicle by which they are supported through any incidents they have.
I will be working very closely with it to ensure that it is doing the right thing on behalf of its members.
I would not be here today without Wimbledon police station; in 2014, two brave officers from that station saved me from a murderous attack.
Wimbledon police station is now under threat, with its front counter due to close.
Does the Home Secretary agree that local police stations such as Wimbledon’s are critical to neighbourhood policing and community safety?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Gentleman’s incident; that must have been absolutely terrifying.
We need to ensure that our neighbourhood police are responsive and are there when we need them most, which is why we are targeting the resources we have to ensure that we have neighbourhood policing.
The response teams must be there when we need them through any means of getting in touch with them, whether it is on the phone, online or in person, and we need to ensure that they are there.
When police officers up and down the country—like my former colleagues—reach 20 years of service, they receive a long-term service medal, but police community support officers do not seem to receive any recognition for long service.
Will the Minister agree to look into providing similar recompense and recognition for the service that PCSOs provide?
I hesitate to announce new policy in week one, but I certainly think there needs to be some kind of recognition for our PCSOs, who do such an incredible job across all our communities.
Is the Home Secretary aware that 20% of officers in the Metropolitan police are currently either suspended or on restricted duties, with senior officers warning that the situation is unsustainable?
Does she agree that we need urgently to review both welfare and disciplinary processes in our police services so that towns such as Romford can get more police actually patrolling our streets?
I agree.
We need to ensure that resources are targeted in the places where we need them.
We have made significant reforms to police standards already, ensuring that officers who fail background checks, for example, are sacked and that gross misconduct leads to dismissal, but we need to ensure that that is right, proper and appropriate and that our police are out on the streets where we need them to be.
I am very happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about how these incidents are being operated; I will be having that conversation with the mayor, and I have already had it with the commissioner.
Last week, our US allies pulled back from the Global Engagement Centre their international effort to tackle cyber-threats.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our democracy is protected from foreign interference, cyber-threats and misinformation?
We take all those threats incredibly seriously.
We hosted the five country ministerial meetings with our American, Canadian, Australian and Kiwi allies just last week.
We work incredibly closely with our   partners to ensure that we are doing everything we can to support UK businesses and to target the perpetrators of these attacks.
People in my constituency have raised with me problems of hare coursing, thefts, speeding and fly-tipping.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can tackle the wide range of crimes in rural areas?
I am happy to meet with the hon.
Lady.
Before I call the Minister, I wish to make a brief statement.
I found out only this morning that the charges against the two individuals relating to espionage for the Chinese authorities were to be dropped.
I do not think that is good.
Of course, we do not discuss the detail of security matters relating to Parliament on the Floor of the House, but given the very important issues raised by this case, I ask officials to consider whether any further steps should be taken—operational, strategic or legal—to ensure that all those who work in this Parliament are able to undertake their activities securely and without interference.
I am a very unhappy Speaker with what has happened.
The fact that it has taken two years, until today, for somebody to withdraw this case is not good enough.
This morning, the Crown Prosecution Service decided not to proceed with the prosecution of Christopher Cash and Christopher Berry, who had been charged with espionage for China under the Official Secrets Act 1911.
Members right across the House will be aware that the charges related to allegations of Chinese espionage within Parliament and will want reassurance, as will you, Mr Speaker.
Many Members will be as extremely disappointed as I am that there will now not be a trial.
The decision not to proceed with this prosecution is an independent one for the CPS to make in its role as the UK’s independent prosecuting authority.
However, I want to be clear that the Government remain gravely concerned about the threat of Chinese espionage.
Parliament and our democracy are sacrosanct, and any attempt by any foreign power to infiltrate or interfere with parliamentary proceedings is completely unacceptable.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will therefore set out the measures the Government are taking to tackle any residual risks arising from this case and outline the wider approach the Government are taking to protecting our democracy and countering state threats, including those from China.
The decision of the CPS related to charges under the Official Secrets Act 1911, which was the relevant legislation in force at the time.
It is well known that state threats legislation had not kept pace with the changing threats we face.
The Official Secrets Act was passed to counter the threat from German spies before the first world war.
It referred to espionage as obtaining “any sketch, plan, model, article, note, document, or information” that “might be…useful to an enemy”.
Clearly, that language—drafted well over 100 years ago —does not reflect the types of espionage or state threats we face in the modern day, nor the breadth of states that engage directly in that activity.
For that reason, the UK passed and has now commenced the National Security Act 2023 with cross-party support.
That legislation, which replaced the Official Secrets Act 1911, brings new criminal offences and powers to bear against the full range of modern-day state threats.
Moreover, the National Security Act is state agnostic, removing the unhelpful “enemy” language from the Official Secrets Act and focusing on the malign activity we are all concerned about.
The Act also introduced the foreign influence registration scheme, which the Government brought into force on  1 July .
FIRS encourages transparency, strengthening the resilience of our democratic institutions against covert influence, and gives our intelligence agencies and law enforcement additional tools to detect, deter, disrupt and prosecute state threat actors.
It requires that any foreign influence in our democracy, including from China, be declared.
We can now be confident that should cases of espionage or state threats be uncovered in the future, we will be in a much better position to prosecute them under the new National Security Act.
This case hits at the heart of our democracy, so let me be clear: the Government will not tolerate any state threats to the UK and its democratic institutions.
We will robustly challenge China when necessary, as we would challenge any country for unacceptable behaviour on our soil.
I can confirm that the Foreign Office has démarched the chargé d’affaires of the Chinese embassy in London to make clear that we will not tolerate any activity that interferes in our democracy.
MI5 is considering the provision of additional advice to those most at risk of being targeted by state-led espionage, and the Government are taking robust action to counter state threats and continue to build up the UK’s resilience.
In April, we established a new cross-Government state threats unit to better co-ordinate our response to state threats.
As I set out following the recently completed review of transnational repression, new training modules on identifying and countering state threats are being offered to all 45 territorial police forces through the College of Policing and are mandatory for counter-terrorism policing officers.
We have committed to legislate as soon as parliamentary time allows to take forward the recommendations of Jonathan Hall KC, the independent reviewer of terrorism and state threats legislation.
That includes creating a new proscription-style tool for state threats.
As the former Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy)  set out in his statement to the House following the conclusion of the China audit, we are investing £600 million in our intelligence services to support them in detecting and disrupting state threats to the UK.
In September, the National Cyber Security Centre co-sealed a US-led technical advisory calling out Chinese state-sponsored cyber-threat actors targeting global networks, including in the UK.
I know there will be calls to go further, and I reassure the House and the country that we will keep all tools under review and act as necessary.
As you are aware, Mr Speaker, the safety and security of our Parliament is of the utmost importance.
That is why the National Protective Security Authority will issue new protective security guidance to parliamentarians and political staff on protection against foreign interference and espionage.
That guidance outlines the potential risks we all may face in our day-to-day work, and how we can all better protect ourselves.
I urge colleagues to read and follow the advice once issued.
I also urge Members to take up the National Cyber Security Centre’s important opt-in service for Members of both Houses.
It allows the NCSC to alert individuals if it identifies evidence of malicious activity on their personal devices or accounts, and swiftly advise them on steps to take to protect their information.
The strategic defence review was clear that China presents a sophisticated and persistent challenge.
As the national security strategy reinforced, instances of China’s espionage, interference in our democracy and undermining of our economic security have increased in recent years.
As I have set out, we are addressing those threats, but there are also opportunities we need to grasp as we navigate our complex relationship with China.
The last Government did not describe China as an enemy, and this Government do not think our relationship can be simplified down to a single word.
Instead, we are taking a consistent, long-term approach to China, firmly rooted in the UK’s global interests.
I finish by paying tribute to our law enforcement, security and intelligence agencies, who do so much to keep us all safe.
They operate often in secret, often in the shadows and often at great personal danger, but they have our enduring gratitude.
While we are extremely disappointed with the outcome in this case, the legislation it relied on has already been changed.
Should we need to go further, we will not hesitate to do what is necessary to keep our country safe.
I commend this statement to the House.