I can give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
The Government authorise the use of animals in science under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 in  order to support critical national objectives in public health, scientific innovation and environmental protection.
The authorisations provided by the regulator are not a blanket approval, but a tightly regulated process that has rigorous and robust ethical, legal and scientific scrutiny.
What steps she is taking to help prevent migrants from crossing the English Channel illegally.
Under this Government, the National Crime Agency has led 347 disruptions of immigration crime networks—its highest level on record, and a 40% increase on the previous year.
We are passing legislation to give both the National Crime Agency and law enforcement more powers to arrest those suspected of facilitating people smuggling at a much earlier stage.
I was very sorry to see that the hon.
Member did not match his rhetoric with real action by voting for those measures when they were before the House.
I have it on good authority that the people smugglers in northern Europe are absolutely delighted with Labour’s new Front-Bench team, and especially with the promotion of  the hon.
Member for Dover and Deal (Mike Tapp) , because they know we will get more of the same from this Labour Government.
The boats will keep coming, the boats will get bigger and the people smugglers will make more money.
What difference is this Home Secretary going to make that the last Home Secretary could not?
I think the hon.
Member has just admitted to having a hotline to a bunch of people smugglers.
Perhaps he would like to contact the National Crime Agency and tell it that he is in touch with a bunch of criminals, so that they can be appropriately dealt with.
All he and his party have is a bunch of rhetoric and no answers to the problems that the previous Government left behind.
It is this Government who will clean up the mess and secure our borders.
Illegal immigration is, by definition, an international crime.
That is why it is so important that we work with our allies, such as France, in targeting this issue, which affects our communities.
I welcome the Government’s “one in, one out” deal with France, which has the potential to be the most game-changing step in British migration policy in decades.
Can the Minister give us an update on how the “one in, one out” deal is going, and has she spoken to her counterparts in France in her new role?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that international co-operation is the key to us securing our borders here at home and assisting our international partners to do the same with theirs.
I am already in touch with my French counterparts.
That was a landmark agreement, which the Conservatives tried to achieve for many years, but they were all words and no action.
It is this Government who struck that  landmark deal, and we are working with our partners in France to get the first flights off the ground as soon as possible.
I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her appointment
and I wish her every success.
It is in the national interest and the national security interest that this issue is tackled, but her Front-Bench colleagues and the Prime Minister are absolutely wrong to get rid of a deterrent.
Notwithstanding all the new policies, all the new Bills, and all the new relabelling and rebadging of organisations, unless there is a deterrent the illegal migrants will continue to cross the channel, as they have done since this Government came to power.
When is a deterrent going to be put in place, and what will it look like?