Many of those who come to this country by crossing the channel go on to be granted refugee status.
Earlier this month, the Government backtracked on their promise to continue with the 56-day move-on period for those granted refugee status, barely weeks after a Home Office Minister assured this House that the policy would last until the end of the year.
The move-on period extension was working, in that it was giving refugees time to secure work and housing while shielding local councils from sudden surges in homelessness caused by people being forced out of asylum accommodation too quickly.
Halving the move-on period is worse for refugees who want to support themselves, worse for the communities supporting them until they can get on their feet and certainly worse for already stretched council budgets.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is better to do what works, both for refugees and for communities welcoming them, and will she look again at reinstating a policy that worked, rather than chasing headlines?
I say to the hon.
Lady that we are following what is working.
Rather than having an arbitrary time period, we are working with local authorities to make sure we have the appropriate move-on period.
It is in nobody’s interest that people remain in hotels for longer than is absolutely necessary, and of course this Government will end the use of asylum hotels.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the delivery of effective community policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
Every day the police make us safer, but the public are rightly concerned that there are crimes that blight their communities and too often go unpunished.
We are focusing police on the crimes that matter to local communities.
We have delivered the neighbourhood policing guarantee, including a dedicated named officer in each neighbourhood, guaranteed response times and 3,000 more officers by April 2026.
The Devon-based Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner announced months ago, with great fanfare, that Camborne in my constituency would be a focus for her.
There has been very little evidence of that increased focus since.
She also said that Redruth would not be a focus because it was not a business improvement district.
Neighbourhood policing performance in the towns of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle are inextricably linked.
Will the Home Secretary meet me and Cornish colleagues to discuss neighbourhood policing across Cornwall?
I am very sorry to hear about those issues with the police and crime commissioner in my hon.
Friend’s local area.
It is important that those concerns are listened to.
I would be very happy for him to meet the Minister for Policing and Crime, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) .