Under the last couple of years of the Conservative Government, shoplifting soared: we saw a 70% increase.
Street theft rose by 60% in two years, and the Conservatives ignored antisocial behaviour.
Violence and abuse against shop workers was at epidemic levels, and the yo-yoing of the police numbers did not help; the hon.
Gentleman may remember that the Conservatives cut them by 20,000.
We are prioritising neighbourhood policing.
We will ensure that the police have the resources that they  need, and we will use new technology to ensure that we are tackling crime as much as we can.
Those 3,000 neighbourhood police officers will be in place by next year, and the 13,000 police officers that we have pledged in our manifesto will make a real difference to people’s lives.
May I gently say that the question is about the Mayor of London and police closures?
We have allowed a little bit of leeway.
Let us see how we go from here and try to stick to the questions before us.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her Department's policies of the approval under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 between April and June 2025 of the use of 1,656,930 animals over the next five years.
The Department takes its responsibilities under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act extremely seriously.
Approvals for the use of animals in science are given only when no alternatives exist and where the scientific benefit justifies the potential harm.
The Government will soon publish a strategy on how we will work towards phasing out the use of animals in science.
More than 1.6 million animals have been approved for testing over the next five years, including through licences for invasive brain research on monkeys and for looking at different methods of killing animals in laboratories.
Labour’s manifesto committed to phasing out animal testing.
Can the Minister reassure me that the non-animal methods strategy will commit to Herbie’s law and provide a clear framework for phasing out animal experiments within the next decade?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member.
Herbie’s law is a proposed legislative framework to phase out animal experiments, specifically in medical research, in the UK by 2035.
The Government’s commitment is clear: we will partner with scientists, industry and civil society to work towards a long-term goal of phasing out the use of animals in scientific research and testing.
I will ensure that he receives a letter from the relevant Minister.