The Secretary of State was asked— What discussions she has had with the Mayor of London on the closure of front counters at police stations.
It is clear to us that visible policing is essential to restoring public confidence in our police, which is why there will be 3,000 more neighbourhood police on the beat by April next year under this Labour Government.
The Metropolitan police will receive up to £3.8 billion in 2025-26, a £262 million increase in funding through the settlement.
May I, as a London Member, begin by paying tribute to the brave police officers from the Met and many other forces who were policing protests on Saturday, a number of whom were injured in the line of duty as a result of abhorrent attacks?
I am sure that the thoughts and prayers of all Members, in all parts of the House, are with them.
Last week we discovered that Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, had admitted that he had known as long ago as November that the Met planned to close a number of police front counters across London, having promised just six months earlier in his election manifesto that not a single borough would be left without a police front counter.
The decision to close Twickenham’s counter means that Richmond upon Thames will be left without one.
Does the Minister agree that, given the importance of police counters in maintaining trust in and accessibility to our police, this decision needs to be reversed?
Does she also agree that the Mayor of London has broken his promises, and that the Metropolitan police should be funded properly?
May I associate myself with the comments made by the hon.
Member at the start of her question?
As she would expect, we have been in close contact with the Met throughout the weekend.
Our thoughts are with the officers who were injured, some of them seriously, and we must of course ensure that justice is done for them: they run into danger for us every day.
It is clear to me that the Mayor of London is making the right decisions on policing across London.
Of course Members will feel that their particular police stations are important, and of course visible policing is important.
What our communities are saying—what my communities in Croydon are saying to me—is that they want to see police on our streets tackling crime, not sitting behind desks doing the jobs that unwarranted police officers could be doing, and that is why we are putting neighbourhood policing at the heart of our policies and putting those 3,000 officers back on our streets by April next year.
A constituent of mine tried to act as a good samaritan by handing in a handbag that they had found in the town centre, but they could not do so because Hemel Hempstead police station’s front desk had been closed under the last Government.
They were told that they would have to travel to Hatfield police station, which is half an hour away.
Does the Minister—I welcome her to her place—agree that the Hemel Hempstead front desk should be reopened so that the police can be even more accessible to our constituents?
Order.
I am not sure that the Minister has responsibility for matters such as this.
I am of course happy to talk to my hon.
Friend about the situation in his local community so we can ensure that the police are doing all they can to tackle all the crimes that were not considered a priority under the last Government, from antisocial behaviour to low-level threat.
That is extremely important to our communities.