I warmly welcome the Home Secretary to her place.
I very much look forward to the exchanges that we will have, so long as the Prime Minister leaves her in post.
When it comes to human rights, does she not accept that tinkering around the edges simply will not work?
She said in her answer a second ago that she wants to see the ECHR reformed, but her own Government’s Attorney General Lord Hermer said just four days ago that ECHR reform is a “political trick”.
Perhaps she and the Attorney General should get themselves on the same page.
Given that the Attorney General says that reform is not possible, does she not agree that more fundamental changes are needed, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Fylde (Mr Snowden)  said a moment ago?
This year has been the worst in history for illegal immigrants crossing the channel—the number is up 38%, compared with last year.
Only radical change will fix this mess, so will the Home Secretary back the Conservative plans to completely disapply the Human Rights Act 1998 and ensure that all illegal immigrants are immediately removed upon arrival?
Order.
You know the score; you know we have to get through questions.
When colleagues do not get in, they will blame the shadow Home Secretary.
Please try to help others.
After that performance, I have to confess that I find myself rather missing the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
The shadow Minister says that we are tinkering at the edges.
He could not be more wrong; we have a proper plan for looking at legislative reform.
But tinkering at the edges would have been fantastic under the Conservatives, because their track record is that they did nothing—sod all—in 14 years.
Suddenly, they have found their reforming instincts now that they are in opposition.
This Government will take forward domestic as well as international reform.
What recent progress she has made on establishing a national inquiry into grooming gangs.
The process of selecting a respected and independent chair for the national inquiry into group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse is under way.
A dedicated victims and survivors panel is supporting the process.
The inquiry’s terms of reference will of course follow, shaped by a public consultation.
The inquiry will be trauma-informed and time-limited, as recommended by Baroness Casey, ensuring accountability, truth and change.
It beggars belief that the inquiry inches along at such a dreadfully slow pace.
With the Scottish Government ruling out an inquiry there, will the Home Secretary please commit to fast-tracking a thoroughgoing inquiry into the grooming gang scandal, for the sake of the victims?
For the sake of the victims, who we all think about today, we must ensure that we get this right.
There were multiple issues with the chair at the start of Baroness Jay’s inquiry, which took many years.
We want to do what Baroness Casey has recommended, do this right and properly, and do this alongside the victims, whom we are talking to.
We must, of course, lead the way on this.
We will ensure that we get the right strategy; it is for Scotland and the Scottish Government to decide on whether to have a similar strategy.
It is important to say that, alongside having this important national strategy, we are putting in place lots of other policies to tackle this kind of crime.