The neighbourhood policing guarantee is absolutely critical to dealing with the issues that my hon.
Friend raises and to raising confidence more generally.
The guarantee will ensure that all areas, including her constituency, will have a named, dedicated officer, guaranteed patrols and reliable response times, and will give communities absolute clarity about local policing priorities.
How can persistent shoplifters be deterred if short sentences are abolished?
The right hon.
Gentleman is asking me a question relating to my previous brief, but he will be pleased to know that I expect the new Justice Secretary and Lord Chancellor to set out proposals for dealing with prolific shoplifters in particular, based on some of the conversations and exchanges he and I have had.
I know it is a big problem, but the Government will have a response to tackle the scourge of prolific shoplifting.
I was contacted by constituents yesterday from the Pound Street mosque and Riverside Community Centre mosque who had  heard comments from the Unite the Kingdom rally about Islam not being welcome in this country or in Europe.
How can neighbourhood policing help to reassure my constituents and the 3.9 million practising Muslims in this country that they have the right to practise their faith without fear?
Freedom of conscience, religion and belief is a protected freedom in this country; it is part of the rights and responsibilities that we have as citizens of this great nation, and nothing should get in the way of that.
Freedom of speech is also protected in this country.
There will always be some crossover between those freedoms, but, as I said in answer to a previous question, I am absolutely clear that there is a line between content that is offensive, rude or ill-mannered and incitement, whether to violence or hatred, which is a crime.
It is important that we police the line between those types of comments effectively so that everybody in this country can have confidence in our policing system, as well as confidence in exercising their rights under the law of our land.
Last week was Rural Crime Action Week.
I recently had an opportunity to join Cambridgeshire constabulary’s rural crime action team to see the work that it does, despite having to cover a huge county of eight constituencies with just 14 officers.
Those officers have recently been reallocated from being designated operational support unit officers to neighbourhood policing officers, thus bolstering the number of officers the Government will classify as neighbourhood police and helping them to reach the target of 3,000 officers.
However, those officers are neither new nor dedicated neighbourhood police.
Can the Home Secretary explain why she is artificially inflating neighbourhood policing numbers by reclassifying those in specialist roles?
The Government’s policy position is to ensure that the policing resource that we have focuses on neighbourhood policing, because we know that visible neighbourhood policing increases the confidence that communities have in going about their business and helps us to take back our town centres from those who indulge in low-level criminality—which is not low level, because it harms people and their confidence in their own communities.
That is why we make no secret and are not ashamed of our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
Very simple question: why are police numbers coming down under a Labour Government?
This Government are focusing on delivering neighbourhood policing.
We are going to have 3,000 neighbourhood police officers by April 2026, with 13,000—as we committed in our manifesto—by the end of the Parliament.
What steps her Department is taking to support Ukrainian nationals with their visa applications.