Does the Home Secretary accept that her predecessor was moved because this Government are failing on immigration?
Indeed, 75% of the public think that the Government are failing.
Illegal migration is up 38%, making this the worst year in history.
Let me try again: will the Home Secretary take this opportunity to commit to real action, back our plans to disapply the Human Rights Act 1998 in relation to all immigration matters, and immediately remove every illegal immigrant upon arrival?
I will take no lessons from anyone sitting on the Conservative Benches.
Their Government utterly failed on both legal and illegal migration.
This Government, and this Home Secretary, will clean up their mess.
The Home Secretary has some brass neck.
This has been the worst year in history, with illegal migration up by 38%.
Press reports this week suggest that a handful of illegal migrants might be removed to France—she has been silent about that so far—but that amounts to only 5% of people crossing.
Does she  accept that allowing 95% of illegal immigrants to stay will be no deterrent, and will she commit to publishing full data on a weekly basis?
On the subject of brass neck, I will have to buy the shadow Home Secretary a mirror, so that he can stare at one.
As I said, I will not take any lessons from him or any Conservative.
This Government have got removals up to 35,000, got asylum decisions moving again, and struck an historic agreement with France.
We are working with our partners in France to get flights off the ground.
Will the Minister give an update on the work of the defending democracy taskforce, please?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question, because the targeted intimidation and harassment of elected representatives is completely unacceptable.
The defending democracy taskforce works to ensure the safety and security of all electoral processes and democratic institutions, and to strengthen democratic society.
We are conducting a review of the harassment and intimidation faced by elected representatives.
The taskforce has also concluded a review of transnational repression, and we have updated Parliament on that.
I hope this will be a shared endeavour, right across the House.