Local youth provision goes hand in hand with a decrease in antisocial behaviour committed by young people, with even something as simple as a ping-pong table in a closed shop able to make a difference in a community.
Will the Minister outline what work she is doing with the Department for Education and the Treasury to ensure that we solve this problem once and for all
and we do not just move it on and move people around the place?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: if we want to ensure that people are not getting into crime, we need to ensure they have activities and things to do.
We are working closely with both the Department for Education and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure we have a programme of activities  for our young people that gives them things to do and a purpose in life, including mentoring and support so that they can take the right path.
Residents of Long Hanborough in my constituency have described to me a summer of misery characterised by antisocial behaviour in the local playing field.
I understand that the local rural policing constabulary does not have sufficient vehicles for all its officers to be out at any one time.
Is the Minister satisfied that Thames Valley police has sufficient resources in its rural community policing forces to deal with antisocial behaviour in our villages?
Antisocial behaviour is pernicious wherever it happens.
Of course, we need to ensure that the police have the right resources.
As the Home Secretary said, police allocation decisions will be made in the autumn, but I am happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Member about the particular issues he is facing in his constituency to ensure that, when it comes to issues such as police cars and vehicles, we are making the most of taxpayers’ money and making as many efficiencies as we can on that front.
In line with the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  about how we best tackle antisocial behaviour among young people, does the Minister agree that it is really important that outdoor education is integrated in the Government’s youth strategy?
The first draft made no reference to outdoor learning whatsoever, yet it is proven to broaden people’s horizons, give people things to do with their lives and make them much less likely to fall into antisocial behaviour.
I am happy to take that question on board.
I have spoken to the heads of all the violence reduction units across the country today, and it is clear that some of the most important work they can do is in partnership with other agencies and other bodies, whether in education, our youth services or others.
We need to pull the resources we have together, use what works and follow the evidence.
What steps she is taking to help reduce levels of bureaucracy for frontline police officers.
The Government are committed to tackling bureaucracy and are investing tens of millions of pounds this year in technology to get officers on to the frontline.
That includes working with police to reduce admin, using tools such as automated redaction and artificial intelligence, and deploying cutting-edge technology such as facial recognition and video response to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of policing.
I recently met the chief constable of Leicestershire, and he explained some of the red tape that his force faces.
Between April 2024 and March 2025, it used 14,769 “use of force” forms.
These are for when people go into handcuffs.
Some 6,500 of those were for people who were complicit and were happy to be handcuffed.
Each time that happens, it takes an average of 23 minutes to fill in one of those forms.
If that could be taken away, it would save the force about £50,000.
Will the Minister look at this, and will she meet me to discuss some of the other red tape that we could remove to make policing much more streamlined?
We need to ensure that the police are doing what we need them to be doing, and that they are out on the streets solving crime and not tied up in red tape.
That is absolutely certain.
The way to be tough on crime is to be smart on crime, and I am happy to look at the hon.
Gentleman’s suggestions.
I recently met a police officer in Cambridgeshire who told me that that force had a policy requiring all footage from stop and searches to be reviewed by a more senior officer.
Due to this, they feel discouraged from doing proactive patrols due to the extra work that it adds for already stretched supervisors.
Will the Policing Minister write to Cambridgeshire’s Conservative police and crime commissioner and urge him to be more proactive on challenging these issues so that our frontline police can spend as much time as possible out in our communities?
I am sorry that my hon.
Friend’s police and crime commissioner is not doing what is needed.
We need to empower the police to be out doing what they do best, not creating barriers for them to do so.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting.
Shop theft hit a record high in the last year of the previous Government, but our Crime and Policing Bill will remove the effective immunity for shop thefts under £200.
We are investing over £7 million to support police efforts against retail crime over the next three years, including supporting a specialist team to target organised gangs and offenders.
We also back the Tackling Retail Crime
Together strategy, in which industry and police are collaborating to better target perpetrators.
As a proud member of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and formerly the youngest deputy store manager for Halford’s in the east of England, I know at first hand the fear that shoplifting causes to retail workers.
What action is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that the police have the powers they need to use the full force of the law to tackle those who steal from our shops?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Every Member of Parliament hears about this issue, and knows how distressing it is.
The intimidation of shop workers must stop, and the thieves who target shops and are stealing to order must be targeted.
We are repealing the legislation that makes shop theft of and below £200 a summary-only offence, which will send a clear message that we will not tolerate this crime.
Recently, A. C. Models in my constituency was targeted by a series of thefts that cost the owners, Annette and Clive, thousands of pounds, yet the shoplifter was ordered to pay them just £240 in compensation.
With retail losses due to theft at record highs, what measures are the Government taking to support small businesses that are preyed on by shoplifters?
We need to protect retail workers, and we need to do more to tackle shop theft.
As I have just outlined, we are doing just that.
I am very sorry that the hon.
Lady’s constituents have had to suffer this terrible crime.
We need to ensure that the message is loud and clear that we will not accept it.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of disapplying the Human Rights Act 1998 to immigration matters.
Clearly the balance between the human rights of illegal migrants and the wider public interest is out of kilter.
This Government will legislate to limit the application of article 8 of the European convention on human rights, which covers the right to a family life.
This will mean that we can deport and remove more illegal migrants, and we will pursue international reform, too.
In my previous role, I was already involved in conversations with other member states of the Council of Europe, and this Government will continue that work.