This weekend, as the Home Secretary said, Elon Musk used a rally to call—alongside convicted criminal, so-called Tommy Robinson—for the Dissolution of Parliament, and to incite violence on our streets.
Given the seriousness of a high-profile figure apparently urging attacks on our democracy, what assessment has the Home Office made of these statements, and what steps are being taken across Government to respond to them, and to protect our democracy?
There is both a legal question here and a political question.
On the legal question, in all cases, including the one that the hon.
Lady raises, it is for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service to decide independently whether the law has been broken and charges should be brought.
We would never expect a Minister to comment on that; it would be improper to do so.
On the political question, let me say this: the words that were used at the weekend are abhorrent, and I know that the vast majority of people in this country will feel the same way.
Whether you are a hostile state or a hostile foreign billionaire, no one gets to mess with British democracy.
Members of the all-party group on anti-corruption and responsible tax, which I chair, had the opportunity to meet National Economic Crime Centre officers last week and discuss the work that NECC is doing to disrupt money laundering and tax evasion, including through its landmark Operation Machinize.
High-street money laundering is of huge concern to me, given the explosion of cash-intensive businesses over recent years seeking to hide beneath a veneer of respectability in order to conceal their dirty money.
What measures is the Minister taking to empower  trading standards, local councils, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and law enforcement to tackle this issue head-on?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and the APPG for their work.
The Government are absolutely committed to tackling high street money laundering to deliver safer streets and economic growth working closely with partners through multi-agency initiatives like Operation Machinize.
We have strengthened the powers under the Economic, Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023, and have funded 475 new roles under the anti-money laundering and asset recovery programme to detect and investigate offences.
Just over a week ago, nearly 1,000 peaceful protesters, including priests and pensioners, were arrested in a single day for opposing the ban on Palestine Action, yet over the weekend, at the Unite the Kingdom protest, 26 police officers were injured and 25 arrests were made.
Does the Home Secretary agree with my constituents in Dunbartonshire that this raises serious questions about proportionality, and will she consider reassessing the proscription of Palestine Action?
Any attack on the police is utterly shameful.
The right to peaceful protest is a cornerstone of our democracy—it is a freedom that we protect fiercely—but Palestine Action’s activities have met the thresholds for proscription established in the Terrorism Act 2000.
The organisation has conducted an escalating campaign, involving sustained criminal damage to national security infrastructure, intimidation and alleged violence, including the use of weapons resulting in serious injuries to individuals.
Weaponisation of social media has become a real cancer in our society, with MPs and others being targeted.
What steps are the Government taking on hostile state threats on social media that might be being used to undermine our democracy?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this.
New and emerging artificial intelligence technology has the potential to amplify threats to democracy, including through hyper-realistic bots, which are used to spread disinformation and misinformation at speed.
The Government are absolutely committed to addressing the threats, including by ensuring that social media platforms have the right systems in place to identify and tackle harmful material that breaches their terms of service.
The Attorney General has claimed that we need the European convention on human rights and the European Court to solve the illegal migration crisis—an extraordinary claim.
Will the Minister please explain, therefore, how Australia managed to tackle its migration problems and how the US is managing to implement our Rwanda plan, all outside the European convention that the Attorney General says we need?
The hon.
Gentleman heard the Home Secretary’s point on the convention, but it is clear that gimmicks such as Rwanda do not work—£700 million for merely four volunteers to go.
What works is effective  processing, quick decisions and quick removals.
That is what we will get under this Government, and it is what we do not get from those who carp from the Opposition Benches.
Earlier this year, 15-year-old Harvey Willgoose was murdered by a fellow pupil when attending school.
His murderer has now been convicted and a national child safeguarding review panel set up, but time and time again such panels make the same recommendations and we fail to implement the kind of learnings and culture change that would ensure that another tragedy like this does not happen.
Will the Home Secretary reassure Harvey’s family that she will ensure that those panel recommendations are implemented and that we can avoid any family like Harvey’s suffering that same tragedy again?
We offer our sympathy to the family of Harvey, whose death is a heartbreaking tragedy that has devastated the entire community.
Our thoughts remain with his family and friends.
Of course we recognise that pattern—I have seen it, too, in my constituency.
That is why we are creating a child protection authority, as was recommended in a previous inquiry, to provide effective national oversight to ensure that lessons are learned.
Chichester city centre has seen a rise in antisocial behaviour, in particular by those on e-bikes and e-scooters.
Residents are understandably concerned about such bikes, which are often modified in the speed at which they can go.
What is the Minister doing to give Sussex police powers to identify, remove and, most importantly, dispose of the e-bikes that are ridden so recklessly on our streets?
That is a concern that many Members in the House share.
The Crime and Policing Bill will give the police powers to seize vehicles being used antisocially.
I am happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Lady about what more we need to do.
Last year, a report by the charity Justice and Care highlighted that a lack of regulation allows unscrupulous business owners to exploit vulnerable people.
Nottingham Trent University showed that 90% of hand car wash businesses operate in a way that makes them high risk for forced or compulsory labour.
Will the Government consider licensing sectors such as hand car washes to improve compliance and prevent illegal workers and modern slavery?
In the view of the Home Office, the most important safeguard is the right-to-work checks.
That is why we will strengthen them under the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill that is making its way through Parliament, but that will have to be underpinned with rigorous enforcement.
That is why I am pleased that enforcement visits are up 50% in the past year, as are arrests.
The 2018 definition of Islamophobia by the all-party parliamentary group on British Muslims said that the debate about rape gangs was a form of “anti-Muslim racism”.
Among other alarming things, it said that raising concerns about entryism into government by extremists, which is an established tactic of the Muslim Brotherhood, was Islamophobic.
The Home Secretary endorsed that  definition.
Does she still believe that addressing the religion of rape-gang members or identifying Muslim Brotherhood entryism is Islamophobic, or does she now disown that definition?
That definition sought to give context to patterns of behaviour.
Let me be clear for the hon.
Gentleman and the whole House: there is absolutely no excuse for, or hiding of, the criminality of those who engage in heinous crimes such as those involving rape or grooming gangs.
That is why the Government will take forward the Casey recommendations and have that national inquiry.
He knows that the Government are working with a working group on a definition of Islamophobia.
We have been absolutely clear that we will not pursue any measures that would impinge on our ancient right of freedom of speech.
Ensuring that our town centres are safe, vibrant and welcoming is hugely important in Clwyd North.
I warmly welcome the Government’s safer streets summer initiative in Rhyl and Colwyn Bay.
From walkabouts I have done recently with local police, it is clear that a strong community police presence is crucial to tackling antisocial behaviour where it arises.
Will the Home Secretary ensure that North Wales police have all the resources they need all year around in Rhyl, Denbigh, Abergele and Colwyn Bay to help build back our town centres?
So far, we have had really good feedback from over 500 town centres that have taken part in the safer streets summer initiative.
That initiative finishes at the end of September, so we will have proper analysis then, but it is our priority to ensure that our police have the resources they need all year round.
When will levels of shoplifting finally reduce rather than rise, as they have under this Government?
As we were discussing earlier, targeting shoplifting is an absolute priority for this Government.
We have a raft of interventions and we are taking legislative action to protect our retail workers, who have been particularly affected by a massive increase in abuse as well as a rise in crime.
I congratulate the new team and welcome them to the Government Front Bench.
A week is a long time, but I had a promise to meet the previous Minister to discuss the immigration system, because one of the challenges that the Home Secretary has inherited is a broken processing system.
As one of the Home Office’s largest customers for my constituents, I know where the gaps and the problems are, so I would welcome a meeting with the Minister about that, if the Home Secretary agrees.
I share my hon.
Friend’s important interest in that issue.
I would never miss a chance to meet her and I would be very glad to do so.