The Conservatives raised the issue of a national statutory inquiry in January.
The Government attempted to block our calls for an inquiry until they were forced into a U-turn in June.
On  2 September , the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , said, “this Government will not lose any more time in pursuing truth and justice for victims and survivors,” —[Official Report,  2 September 2025 ; Vol. 772, c. 160.]
yet here we stand today—no start date, no chair announced, and no terms of reference agreed.
The victims need actions, not words, so will the Minister please tell the victims of these abhorrent crimes when the national inquiry will begin—or will this Secretary of State have to be forced into action, just like the last?
I will not take any lessons from the hon.
Lady, given that the previous inquiry was not implemented in any way, shape or form by the previous Government.
Through the Crime and Policing Bill, we are putting in place Baroness Jay’s key recommendations, which is the right thing to do.
It is so important that we make the right decisions about the chair, the terms of reference and the process for this inquiry, which has victims at its heart.
We are following Baroness Casey’s advice, and as the hon.
Lady will hear soon, we will ensure that we have the right chair and the right approach for the victims.
We can do no less.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I would like to use this statement to address the subject of this weekend’s events.
On Saturday, well over 100,000 protesters marched in London.
Many were exercising the ancient right to peaceful
protest,—but not everyone did.
Some turned on the brave police officers who were there to keep the peace; 26 officers were injured and 24 protesters were arrested.
Those violent thugs will face the full force of the law.
Those who turned to violence on Saturday do not represent what this country really is.
When a foreign billionaire calls on our citizens to fight against our ancient democracy, I know that is met by the vast majority with a shake of the head.
That is because we are in truth a tolerant country, and, yes, a diverse one, too.
You can be English and have roots here that stretch back 1,000 years, but you can also be English and look like me.
The St George’s cross and the Union Jack belong to us all.
They are symbols of unity—a kingdom united—and must never be used to divide us.