Title: HONORING AGNES BEARD; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
125

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AGNES BEARD

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Agnes Marie Beard

of the 1st District of Kentucky who turned 100 years old on July 7th.
This momentous occasion gives us the opportunity to reflect upon the

extraordinary life and achievements of Mrs. Beard, a cherished member

of our community.
Born on July 7, 1923, in Columbia, Kentucky, Agnes Marie Beard has

witnessed the passing of an entire century, filled with significant

milestones and transformations.
Throughout her life, Mrs. Beard has exemplified the values that make

Kentucky great.
She has been a devoted wife to her loving husband and a

caring mother to her three children.
Her dedication to her family has

been the cornerstone of her life.
Her unwavering commitment to them and

our community is inspiring.
I join with everyone in Russell County and throughout the

Commonwealth who has had the privilege of knowing her to celebrate her

fearless spirit.
I am honored to represent Mrs. Beard and wish her a

happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
JAMES PROCHASKA

HON.
DONALD NORCROSS

Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. James Prochaska.
James (Jim) O. Prochaska was an internationally renowned expert on

behavior change and co-developer of the transtheoretical (stages of

change) model that revolutionized our prevention and treatment of

health problems.
He died on July 9, 2023, after a special week with

family and friends on Star Island.
Born on August 6, 1942, into modest surroundings, Dr. Prochaska

achieved the American Dream of education, excellence, and service.
He

earned his baccalaureate, master's, and doctorate in clinical

psychology from Wayne State University.
He was a Professor of

Psychology at the University of Rhode Island from 1969 and founding

Director of the Cancer Prevention Research Consortium there.
Dr.

Prochaska had over 50 years of psychotherapy experience in a variety of

settings and consulted to a host of clinical and research

organizations.
He was the principal investigator on grants from the

National.
Institutes of Health totaling over $90 mill ion and was

recognized by the Association of Psychological Science as one of the

most cited authors in psychology.
His 50 book chapters and 300+ scholarly articles focused on self-

change, health promotion, and psychotherapy from a transtheoretical

perspective, the subject of his professional book, The Transtheoretical

Approach, and his 2 popular self-help books, Changing for Good and

Changing to Thrive.
An accomplished speaker, he offered workshops and

keynote addresses throughout the world.
Among his numerous awards were the Rosalie Weiss Award from the

American Psychological Association, Innovators Award from the Robert

Wood Johnson Foundation, Beckham Award for Excellence in Education and

Inspirational Leadership from Columbia University, and the Fries Health

Education Award from the Society for Public Health Education.
He was the first psychologist to win a Medal of Honor for Clinical

Research from the American Cancer Society and he was recognized as one

of the top 3 preeminent clinical psychologists of the modern era in the

Archives of Scientific Psychology.
Dr. Prochaska's ultimate accomplishments, however, were helping

millions of people effectively change their behavior and establishing

his loving family.
For decades, Jim made his home in Rhode Island

before retiring to California with his wife, Jan, so that they could be

closer to their 2 children (Jason, Judith/Jodi) and their 5

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring Dr. James Prochaska.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRANCES METCALF ON THE OCCASION OF HER 99TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Frances Metcalf,

who will be celebrating the milestone of her 99th birthday tomorrow.