Milton's commitment to

marriage and family extended into his service as an Elder at Village

Seven Presbyterian Church, where he was active in teaching Bible

Studies and Evangelism.
At a time when families and marriages in our culture are struggling

at heeding the words of Jesus, that ``a wise man build his house upon a

rock.''
Dr. and Mrs. Dewhirst blessed Colorado Springs as a model and

mentor for families instilling Biblical values and consistency in

serving medical, spiritual, and relational needs.
The Dewhirst legacy

goes beyond his own family into the countless families that he

influenced and that also continue to ``build their house upon a solid

rock.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS.
ALEITA HUGUENIN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

lasting contributions of Mrs. Aleita Huguenin.
Passing away at the age

of 77, Mrs. Huguenin leaves behind an indelible legacy as an educator,

mentor, activist and friend.
Born in Durango, Colorado in 1946, to 2 teachers, Mrs. Huguenins love

for education and learning flourished from a young age.
In the late

1960s, she moved with her family to Walnut Creek, beginning what would

become a lifelong residency in California.
After earning her bachelor's

degree from San Francisco State University, Mrs. Huguenin began

teaching elementary and middle school in the Mount Diablo Unified

School District of Concord, California.
Throughout her tenure as a

teacher, she demonstrated a steadfast dedication to her students and

strived to ensure they had the resources necessary.
to achieve their

full potential.
Driven by her passion for activism and sincere belief in the

importance of collective bargaining, Mrs. Huguenin served as the

president of her local teacher's union, leading her fellow teachers in

their first strike.
Her critical work as a grassroots organizer and

community leader, left an everlasting mark not only on Contra Costa

County, but also California.
For more than 40 years, Mrs. Huguenin

served her country and community with an unwavering sense of justice

and fairness.
She consistently advocated for women's rights and

equality for all, never failing to stand up for others and uphold the

democratic values our country was founded on.
While exhibiting leadership as a community leader and advocate, Mrs.

Huguenin also played a pivotal role in the California Teachers

Association.
For over 2 decades, Mrs. Huguenin impacted thousands of

California educators.
teaching them how to effectively serve future

generations of students.
As part of her critical work transforming

California's education system, Mrs. Huguenin spearheaded the founding

of the California Teachers Association Summer Institute, an innovative

training program helping teachers learn how best to address the ever-

changing needs of today's students.
In addition to her leadership in the education and community

organizing fields, Mrs. Huguenin exemplified the spirit of altruism and

innovation in all areas of her life.
Mrs. Huguenin will be remembered

not only for her decades of service to Contra Costa students and

California teachers, but also for her genuine spirit of kindness and

compassion.
She

left an everlasting mark on her friends, students, mentees, and the

greater California education system.
Mrs. Huguenin's enduring spirit will live on in her husband, son, 2

granddaughters, stepson, brother, sister-in-law, and nephew.
I would

like to extend my deepest sympathies to Mrs. Huguenin's loved ones.
I

know that they, along with the people of Contra Costa County, join me

in celebrating her life and legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSITION TO LEADED AVIATION FUEL PROVISIONS IN H.R. 3935, THE

SECURING GROWTH AND ROBUST LEADERSHIP IN AMERICAN AVIATION ACT

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I voted in favor of H.R. 3935, the Securing

Growth and Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act to reauthorize

and improve important aviation programs in order to move the measure

forward to the Senate.