I, along with all of Northwest Florida, thank Niceville City Manager

Corbin for his dedication to public service and commitment to improving

the quality of life in the city for all its residents and visitors.
His

lifelong service exemplifies the very best of Northwest Florida.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am

privileged to recognize City Manager Lannie Corbin on the occasion of

his retirement.
I thank him for his service and offer my best wishes to

him and to his family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SECURING GROWTH AND ROBUST LEADERSHIP IN AMERICAN AVIATION ACT

speech of

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of

the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3935) to

amend title 49, United States Code, to reauthorize and

improve the Federal Aviation Administration and other civil

aviation programs, and for other purposes:

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Chair, I would like to include in the Record the

following letter in opposition to Section 813 of H.R. 3935.
July 18, 2023.
Dear Members of Congress: We write to urge you to oppose

the weakening of a law that protects the millions of sports

fans and spectators who attend professional and collegiate

sporting events each year.
The current statutory ban on

aircraft--including unmanned aircraft systems (``UAS'') or

drones--flying over large stadium sporting events throughout

the country provides necessary safety and security

protections against real and potential threats.
We are deeply concerned about section 813 of the House

version of the Federal Aviation Administration (``FAA'')

Reauthorization Act.
If adopted, the language would establish

a broad and complex waiver program that would permit

countless aircraft to fly near and over stadiums during

games, putting millions of fans at risk, and unnecessarily

so.
Congress wisely eliminated a similar waiver program back

in 2003, after discovering troubling and persistent failures,

gaps, and vulnerabilities in the process for conducting

background checks and issuing waivers.
The FAA first established flight restrictions over large

stadium sporting events immediately following the terrorist

attacks of September 11, 2001, in response to concerns about

terrorists using aircraft as weapons.
Congress subsequently

twice codified and strengthened these restrictions, providing

specific criteria for aircraft operations permitted within

the flight restricted area.
Section 813 would effectively

eliminate the specific criteria and replace it with an open-

ended waiver program.
The long-standing, congressionally mandated flight

restriction enhances the safety and security of large stadium

events, while minimizing the disruption to the National

Airspace System (``NAS'').
Specifically, airspace over large

stadiums--with a seating capacity of 30,000 people or more

and where NFL, MLB, and NCAA Division 1 football games or

major motor speedway events, such as NASCAR and INDYCAR

races, are taking place--is closed to all aircraft from one

hour before until one hour after a major sporting event.
The

flight restrictions extend to three nautical miles from the

center of the stadium and from the surface to 3,000 feet

above the stadium.
The flight restrictions do not apply to

authorized aircraft, such as Department of Defense, law

enforcement or air ambulance flight operations, or those in

contact with air traffic control for take offs and landings

at nearby airports, among others.
Having devoted substantial resources to secure our stadiums

on the ground, we regard the stadium flight restriction as

essential to safeguarding the airspace overhead.
Moreover,

given the proliferation of UAS in our NAS, as well as the

continuing need to remain vigilant to other current and

emerging risks, the stadium flight restriction is as vital

now as ever to our national security and public safety.
We

believe section 813 complicates the airspace over stadiums,

compromises public safety and security, and courts potential

disaster.
We, therefore, urge you to uphold current law and maintain

existing flight restrictions that protect the safety and

security of millions of fans who attend large stadium

sporting events every year.