From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRANCES METCALF ON THE OCCASION OF HER 99TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Frances Metcalf,

who will be celebrating the milestone of her 99th birthday tomorrow.
It

is a distinct honor to pay tribute to Frances, who like many other

women made substantial contributions to the war effort during World War

II.
IN 1943, Frances worked tirelessly to earn a job at one of the

General Motors plants in East Cleveland, Ohio.
There, she assisted in

manufacturing air duct assemblies for over 75 Boeing B-29 Superfortress

aircrafts which were crucial to U.S. military operations for over 20

years.
She worked there until she was old enough to serve in women's

branch of the United States Naval Reserve.
In 1944, the recruitment age for all female volunteers was 20 years

old.
That same year, Frances turned 20--and shortly thereafter, she

enlisted to serve as a naval nurse in Brooklyn, New York.
Many `Rosie

the Riveters' followed the same route in service to the homefront, and

ultimately, were integral to U.S. victory.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and

honoring Frances Metcalf on her 99th birthday.
I am beyond proud to

serve her in Congress and to have her in our community.
The crucial

contributions of her and many other women should never be forgotten in

our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR.
MILTON CARLYLE DEWHIRST, MD

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor the life and legacy

of Dr. Milton Carlyle Dewhirst, MD, who died of natural causes February

13, 2023, at the age of 89.
Dr. Dewhirst was not only a pillar of the

Pike's Peak region as a successful and generous family practice doctor

and medical examiner, his faith and zeal for the Lord were foundational

for the spiritual climate in Colorado Springs and set a model for

family values and Christian citizenship.
Dr. Milton Dewhirst truly

helped make the culture of the 5th Congressional District as beautiful

as our natural surroundings.
After graduating from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1954 and

from Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas in 1958, Dr. Dewhirst

completed his Medical Internship at the Balboa Naval Hospital in San

Diego, California.
He then received flight training in Pensacola,

Florida, followed by service as a Senior Aviation Medical Examiner at

the U.S. Naval Air Station.
Brunswick, Maine.
In 1963, as a Diplomat of American Board of Family Practice, Dr.

Dewhirst began a solo family medical practice.
In 1972 he founded

Family Practice Associates PC.
He also treated patients at Penrose,

Memorial, and Saint Francis Hospitals.
Many Colorado Springs families

were blessed to have Dr. Dewhirst as their life-long Family Doctor--

from delivering their babies to treating the elderly.
After 43 years,

he retired from Family Practice in 2001 and continued as an FAA Senior

Medical Examiner until 2019.
Dr. Dewhirst was not only a family doctor, but a devoted family man.
He married his high school sweetheart LaBerta Phillips on August 6,

1954.
They were married for 68 years.
Together, the Dewhirsts raised 5

children--Debra Rayburn, Rebecca Lathrop, Miles Dewhirst, Angela

Simmons, and Christine Van Raaphorst.
Their legacy continues with 15

grandchildren and 29 great grandchildren.
Milton's commitment to

marriage and family extended into his service as an Elder at Village

Seven Presbyterian Church, where he was active in teaching Bible

Studies and Evangelism.
At a time when families and marriages in our culture are struggling

at heeding the words of Jesus, that ``a wise man build his house upon a

rock.''
Dr. and Mrs. Dewhirst blessed Colorado Springs as a model and

mentor for families instilling Biblical values and consistency in

serving medical, spiritual, and relational needs.