I always welcome the contributions of the hon.
Member in Church Commissioners questions, and he raises a really important point.
As I said, the Church continues to have dialogue with the many different charities and non-governmental organisations working in this area.
I am sure that he, like me, will mark the International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted Church next month.
As I have said, more can always be done in this area, but I thank him for his continued commitment.
What steps the Church Commissioners are taking to support small churches in rural communities.
Rural churches play an important role in the life and wellbeing of their communities.
Funding has been allocated by the National Church Institutions in recognition of that, and it is making a significant difference to missions across the country.
Funds have been awarded to the diocese of Hereford to pay for a series of centres to support rural parishes with their outreach to children and young people.
In the diocese of Carlisle, there is investment to help train new leaders, as part of a three-year pilot in rural mission communities.
Back in May, St John the Baptist church in Slitting Mill near Rugeley held its final service.
St John’s is a huge loss to the community—it was such a welcoming and unique church, having been housed in a semi-detached house with neighbours still living next door.
Although the closure was sadly necessary to protect the other four churches in Rugeley and Brereton, Slitting Mill now has no church, as well as no bus route.
Could my hon.
Friend tell the House what the Church Commissioners are doing to ensure that rural communities are not left without any access at all to places of worship?
I am truly sorry to hear about the closure of St John the Baptist church.
As I have highlighted, in recognition of the importance of supporting churches in rural communities, the Church is investing £11 million with partner organisations dedicated to sharing the Christian faith.
That funding will be available to nearly half the parishes across the Church of England, and a range of traditions, activities and organisations will be supported through that funding.
However, I would  be happy to meet or write to my hon.
Friend.
It is really important that churches are available and that people have places to worship.
Under the Local Government Act 1972, parochial church councils may serve notice requiring parish or district councils to assume responsibility for the maintenance of closed churchyards.
Local government reorganisation and the creation of unitary authorities is requiring parish councils to take on more responsibility as district councils close.
Are the Church Commissioners giving any thought to the effect of local government reorganisation on how those closed churchyards might be maintained?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
That overlaps with what is happening at local government level, but also with what the Church Commissioners are doing.
I will write to him to set out whether discussions are taking place with the Church Commissioners.
I hope he will find that sufficient.
St John’s church in Darlington, an iconic church that makes up the skyline of our great town, has recently been put up for sale.
Will the Commissioner meet me to discuss exactly what criteria the community needs to meet to ensure that we can repurpose the church as a building of social value?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Can I ask the hon.
Lady to encourage the Church Commissioners to share best practice and their experience of sustaining small churches in rural communities with the Church of Scotland?
Sadly, in my constituency we have seen almost the wholesale closure of every small church in a rural area.
Again, I am sorry to hear about the right hon.
Member’s constituency and the number of churches that are no longer in operation.
I will certainly ensure that whatever best practice the Church Commissioners have can be shared with the Church of Scotland.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.
The Church of England has a presence in every community in England, and provides support to its clergy and other faith communities through its presence and engagement initiative.
Our churches work with inter-faith networks to stand in solidarity with others, bringing people together, and to deepen understanding, offering both spiritual and practical support to those in need.
Bournemouth has been made richer by its diversity and the communities that have chosen to make it their home, yet tensions rose over the summer due to protests about asylum seekers.
I pay tribute to our local churches, particularly Lansdowne church and Gateway church, for the vital work they do to welcome asylum seekers and build community connection between our many communities.
How can we do more to support those churches and the vital work they do?
I recognise and commend the work of all churches that are standing up for minority communities, refugees and those seeking asylum.
Our diversity is our strength, and our strength as a Church lies in supporting every member of our communities, including those who face barriers, persecution or prejudice.
I also want to recognise my hon.
Friend’s leadership in the work she is doing to support her local community, as well as her local churches.
It is so important that our churches work across faiths with all of our communities to enhance community cohesion.
Over the recess, we witnessed the horrific antisemitic attack on one of Manchester’s synagogues and then, just days later, an Islamophobic attack on one of our Sussex mosques.
It is in these difficult and worrying times that religious leaders can continue to play an important role in bringing communities together.
What support can the Church provide to its leaders to continue to work across communities and across faiths, and to foster the supportive, inclusive and diverse tolerant communities that we are all proud to represent in this place?
My thoughts and prayers are with those communities affected by the tragic attack at Heaton Park synagogue, as well as that at the mosque in Sussex.
The Church of England responded by offering direct support through its Manchester interfaith adviser, who worked closely with the authorities and is known and respected in the local community.
The Church Urban Fund, including the near neighbours programme, has played a vital role in strengthening community relations, as does the Church’s presence and engagement initiative.
Across the House, we all know the important role that all our faith organisations play, showing leadership in times of desperate need and suffering.
I thank all our faith leaders across the country for all they do in fostering good relations, but also in bringing about peace and reassurance.
Will the hon.
Lady recognise the awesomeness of the Rev. David Harrigan at St Elisabeth’s church in Eastbourne?
Working with the food bank, he has pioneered a partnership that has been featured by the Trussell Trust as an example of best practice for a relationship between a church leader and a food bank.
Will the hon.
Lady meet Rev. David and me to discuss the Church Commissioners’ plans for the land next to St Elisabeth’s church, to ensure that it is used for community benefit?
I am always happy to meet hon.
Members about any issue they wish to raise.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman’s church, which is working in partnership with the food bank.
There are many such examples, including at St Mark’s church in my constituency.
We all know the role that our churches play in our communities to provide that social action support.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked— What steps the Commission is taking to increase the use of British-made ceramics by the House of Commons.
The House Administration sources a wide range of crockery from firms in the UK, as well as those based elsewhere.
Where possible, Parliament endeavours to purchase British goods to support domestic supply chains.
All purchasing is in line with the relevant legislation for public bodies, which prioritises value for money.
Some 85% of crockery purchased in the past two years has been from British manufacturers.
May I thank you, Mr Speaker, for your leadership on this?
The exquisite Speaker’s House collection that you personally commissioned is made proudly in Stoke-on-Trent by Duchess China.
I am sure that the House will be pleased to know that it is in stock, reasonably priced and available in time for Christmas.
This place is a great showcase for British talent and skills.
Although I accept my hon.
Friend’s answer, there is more that we can do.
Through him, I encourage the Commission to ensure that whenever a tender is offered for crockery, giftware or tableware in this place, it looks not just at value for money but at the social value of supporting British manufacturers wherever possible.
It pleases me when I see my hon.
Friend turning his plate or mug upside down in the Tea Room, to double-check whether the crockery was made in Stoke.
It is good when Westminster shows off the best of our UK ceramics manufacturing.
Where possible and appropriate, and in accordance with procurement law, Parliament will endeavour to purchase British goods and support our domestic supply chains.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church of England is taking to help support the appointment process for the next Archbishop of Canterbury.
On  3 October , after 11 months, Bishop Sarah Mullally was appointed as the 106th Archbishop of Canterbury.
This is an historic appointment, as she is the first woman to be appointed to the position.
As my hon.
Friend will know, it has been a really difficult year for the Church, and for Canterbury cathedral in particular, with the death of our beloved Dean Emeritus Robert Willis, the horrible circumstances surrounding the resignation of Archbishop Justin, and the current controversy about an art exhibition that seems to have offended the vice-president of America, among other people.
Does she agree that the historic choice of Bishop Sarah Mullally as the first ever woman appointed to the role could and should herald a new start for the Church and a righting of the historical wrongs of child abuse, which she speaks about a lot?
My hon.
Friend makes some very good points, and I thank her for her words and good wishes.
She is a true champion of women’s rights, but also of women in leadership.
I want to place on the record my congratulations to Bishop Sarah on making history.
She spent over 35 years in the NHS, becoming the youngest ever chief nursing officer for England.
She was made a Dame Commander   of the British Empire in 2005 for her contributions to nursing and midwifery.
I would add that Bishop Sarah served her curacy at St Saviour’s, Battersea Fields, in my constituency.
May I add my congratulations to the new Archbishop of Canterbury?
I wrote my thesis on the campaign for women’s ordination in the Church of England, so it is brilliant to see a woman go to the highest office for the first time, and I place on the record my thanks to the women and men who campaigned for women’s ordination in the first place.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in celebrating the role that women are playing in the Church of England at all levels across our country?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point.
Across this House, I think we would all congratulate and celebrate all the women in leadership within our Church.
Indeed, just last night I was at the installation of the new rector for St Mary’s, Battersea—a woman.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster if he will make a statement on the three witness statements in relation to the alleged breach of the Official Secrets Act on behalf of China.