Following the Security Minister’s statement to the House on Monday, the Prime Minister updated Parliament yesterday, following the Crown Prosecution Service’s clarification that the Government were able to publish the witness statements of the deputy National Security Adviser.
As the Prime Minister said in the House, he carefully considered this matter and, following legal advice, decided to disclose the witness statements unredacted and in full.
I reiterate that, as the Prime Minister said yesterday, under this Government no Minister or special adviser played any role in the provision of evidence.
The Prime Minister cannot say whether that was the case under the previous Government, but I once again invite the Conservative party to clarify that.
Stop playing politics!
This is about national security, you petty little man!
Having now had the opportunity to read these statements, Members will have been able to confirm for themselves what the Prime Minister and other members of the Government— Order.
May I just say—[Interruption.]
No, you are going to hear it, whether you like it or not.
Mr Tugendhat, I expect better from you.
You will be wanting to catch my eye, and this is not the best way to do it.
Can we please show a little bit more respect, which I normally get from you?
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Having now had the opportunity to read the statements, Members will be able to confirm for themselves what the Prime Minister and other members of the Government have stated repeatedly: the DNSA faithfully, and with full integrity, set out the position of the previous UK Government and the various threats posed by the Chinese state to the UK, and did so in order to try to support a successful prosecution.
The first and most substantive witness statement is from December 2023, under the last Government.
The second and third, which are both much shorter, are from February and August 2025 respectively.
It is clear from these statements that the substantive case and evidence submitted by the DNSA does not change materially throughout, and that all three documents clearly articulate the very serious threats posed by China.
The second witness statement, in particular, highlights  the specific details of some of the cyber-threats that we face, and emphasises that China is the “biggest state-based threat” to the UK’s national security.
The third statement goes on to state that the Chinese intelligence services are “highly capable and conduct large scale espionage operations against the UK to advance the Chinese state’s interests and harm the…security of the UK.”
It is clear from this evidence, which all can now see, that the DNSA took significant strides to articulate the threat from China in support of the prosecution.
The decision on whether to proceed, as the Prime Minister made clear yesterday, was taken purely by the CPS.
It is also clear that the three statements are constrained by the position of the Conservative Government on China at the time of the alleged offences.
As the Prime Minister said yesterday and the Security Minister said on Monday, this Government’s first priority will always be national security and keeping this country safe.
We wanted this case to proceed.
I am sure all Members of the House did, and I know you did too, Mr Speaker.
We are all profoundly disappointed that it did not.
I should declare an interest as I am named in the witness statements.
As someone sanctioned by China, I was shocked to learn that the Prime Minister knew that this case was about to collapse several days beforehand, but chose to do nothing.
We now know that the CPS was not far short of what it needed.
The Director of Public Prosecutions told MPs yesterday that it was something like 5% short.
However, we do not know exactly what the CPS was asking for—what that 5% was.
We do not know why the Government would not go that bit further when they were asked to.
That is what we need hear from the Minister today: why did the Government not give the CPS what it was asking for?
Nobody is disputing that there is plenty of evidence.
The witness statements are shocking.
They tell us that China is conducting “large scale espionage operations”.
Cash is said to have told Berry in a message, “you’re in spy territory now”.
Yesterday, Government sources briefed The Guardian that the “civil service decided” that decisions “should be done independently of ministers”.
No, no, no, Mr Speaker.
The civil service does not get to decide anything; Ministers decide.
The Prime Minister was not some helpless captive, unable to make sure that the CPS had what it needed.
He knew, and he decided not to help.
Why?
Let us come back to the evidence that was provided.
The Prime Minister said yesterday that he was utterly constrained by the position of the previous Government, and every expert had already contradicted the PM on this.
However, we can now see that the two witness statements from this year did state the position of the current Labour Government—a direct contradiction of what the Prime Minister said yesterday.
The evidence includes lines from Labour’s manifesto, and they weaken the case.
They make it less clear that China is a threat to our national security.
That is one of the things that changed.
The Sunday Times reported on a meeting convened by Jonathan Powell with the permanent secretary of the Foreign Office to discuss this case.
Until yesterday, the  Government said that that was just made up.
Now they admit that it happened, but they still will not come clean about what happened in that meeting, or any other meeting.
In conclusion, this House needs to know what was asked for by the CPS and why it was refused, and we must see all the correspondence and the minutes.
If the Government will not publish the China files, people will ask: what have this Government got to hide?