The town of Bodmin in my constituency is fast becoming the museum capital of Cornwall.
It has the excellent Discovering42 science museum, Bodmin Town museum, and the Army museum at Bodmin Keep, which is battling for survival and crowdfunding to stay open.
What is the Minister doing to support those brilliant smaller museums that have such huge economic, social and educational value, especially given that the shared prosperity fund is about to end?
This Government applaud and support the role that museums play in educating and inspiring audiences, including in Cornwall and across every part of the country in every Member’s constituency.
Last week the Government announced that 75 museum groups  around the country will benefit from an additional £20 million of funding as part of the museum renewal fund, delivered by Arts Council England.
Together with our new £25 million investment in regional museums via the aptly named museum estate and development fund, which is to be announced in the new year, that represents a considerable show of support for local museums across the country, on top of the £44 million allocated by Arts Council England.
You may be interested to know, Mr Speaker, that today is the launch of Peterborough tourist board, and our new Discover Peterborough website.
That brings together our great attractions, such as our 900-year-old cathedral and our great museum, as well as the great outdoors such as Nene park and Flag Fen.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming the formation of Discover Peterborough, and say what more she can do to support the visitor economy and great attractions in places such as mine?
I am delighted to take on the responsibility of being Minister for Tourism.
Over the past month, it has been a pleasure to make a number of visits and to take part in meetings highlighting just how much the sector has to offer.
We want the benefits of tourism to be felt across every nation and region, and a key strand of that work will be increasing the number of visitors who are aware of the offer outside London.
I welcome the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to promote Peterborough and I look forward to a visit with him.
In a stunning setting with superb facilities, Garsington Opera in Stokenchurch provides incredible training opportunities for young people who want a career in the arts.
Does the Minister agree that this is a vital facility, and what more will she do to ensure that all young people who want a career in the arts have those training opportunities?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the DCMS ministerial team and the entire Government are fully committed to ensuring that there is full access to training and skills in the arts.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss that project, but if any young person in any part of this land wants to get into the arts, this Government are for them.
I understand from a number of people who work at the National Coal Mining Museum for England in Wakefield that unfortunately there is an intractable dispute there.
My constituents have asked me to put two questions to the Minister.
First, will she say how proud we are as a country that we have a national museum of coalmining to celebrate the history of the mines?
Secondly, if necessary, will she seek to secure an agreement between the disagreeing parties at the museum?
As the very proud Member of Parliament for Wigan, which is the greatest coalmining community on earth—[Interruption.]
I can hear that I have lost the good will of the House.
I am happy to pay tribute to the work of the National Coal Mining Museum for England  and to the fact that we keep alive our heritage and the history of the contribution that working-class people have made to this country.
I am delighted that I will have more to say about that later today.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , has visited the museum, and I am keen to work with him to ensure that we get the matter resolved as soon as possible.
People across the UK are suffering in silence with gambling addictions.
The proliferation of online betting has only added to the issue, as people are able to wager more money than they can afford with just a click on their phone screen.
Will the Minister speak to her colleague the Chancellor in advance of the upcoming Budget to support the Liberal Democrats’ call for a double gambling tax, which would not only raise millions of pounds but disincentivise harmful gambling?
This Government have wasted no time in taking action to increase the amount of support available to the minority of people for whom gambling becomes a problem.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Old Bexley and Sidcup (Mr French) , gambling brings joy to millions of people and it is an incredibly important part of the UK economy, but we are determined to ensure that support is there for that minority of people.
That is why we wasted no time in introducing a levy that is helping to boost such support, particularly for young people.
We are happy to continue the conversation with Members from across the House to ensure that we tackle this important issue, but on the specific proposal that the hon.
Lady makes, we have no plans to introduce such a measure.
rose— Order.
I am sorry but I have to pull stumps as we are well over time.
DCMS questions are so popular—many hon.
Members have not been able to get in—that I believe we really need an hour on the subject, as I am sure the Secretary of State will agree.
I know that the Secretary of State wanted to congratulate Hull KR on its treble in rugby league and on beating Wigan Warriors in the final, and I am sure that she will be supporting Great Britain when we play Australia a week on Saturday.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church of England is taking to help support persecuted Christians in other countries.
The Church of England supports efforts to defend international religious freedoms for Christians or whichever religious group faces persecution.
The Church has created parliamentary caucuses involving religious leaders in east and west Africa, and in south-east Asia to support legislation to protect religious freedoms.
Next month marks the International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted Church, when congregations across the world will pray for those persecuted for their faith.
That includes those in Sudan, where many Christians have been abducted and killed and more than 100 churches have been targeted for damage in recent years.
I ask the hon.
Member to use her good offices to encourage the Church of England to do all it can to protect the rights and security of worshippers across the world.
I am sure that across the House we can all agree that the situation in Sudan is desperate.
The Church of England dioceses have given financial support and practical aid and worked through local agencies and international charities to support the local clergy in Sudan.
The Bishop of Leeds has visited the country many times, most recently within the past year.
He is in regular contact with the archbishop of the province and continues to raise the situation in the other place.
That said, I will reiterate the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
Sudan will be one of many countries that churches in the UK hold in their prayers as they mark the International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted Church next month, but there is no question but that more needs to be done to uphold the freedom of religion or belief for all.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the effectiveness of the Government’s policies on supporting freedom of religion or belief in other countries.