I can understand how seriously my hon.
Friend and her constituents will take this.
If she will permit me, I will get back to her with a substantive answer on that from the team as soon as I can.
May I apologise for earlier outbursts, Mr Speaker?
[Interruption.]
Order.
I am not in the position of needing any advice or help.
I have had enough from the Opposition Benches; I do not want it starting on the Government Benches, too.
I think we will take it that there was, in fairness, an apology to those on the Front Bench.
May I start by saying briefly quite how this feels, Mr Speaker?
My home has been broken into, my files have been ransacked, somebody was put into my office by a hostile state, and the two parties are playing politics with it.
This is the national security of the United Kingdom.
The people of Tonbridge elected  me; they may have chosen wrong, but they did.
The people of other parts of the United Kingdom chose everybody else in this House—it is up to them to choose who represents them.
Yet here we have two individuals seeking to extract information from us, and the Government’s response is not as mine was: do everything you can to make sure the prosecution works.
No, no, it was “process, process”.
Well, who the hell’s side are you on?
This is not about bureaucracy; this is about leadership.
We are not sent here to be civil servants.
We are sent here to lead the country and to make decisions.
I feel nothing but fondness for the Minister in his place, and I am very sorry that he has been sent out on what is not quite his first outing, but pretty close—[Interruption.]
Oh, it is his first outing!
He has been sent out on his first outing to defend the indefensible.
He now has the position in which he effectively has to say that he is not a politician, but a bureaucrat, that there is nothing he can do, and that frankly he should not even be here in the first place, because that seems to be the Prime Minister’s line.
Former Attorneys General have got up and prosecuted on the state’s behalf.
This Attorney General and this Prime Minister have said, “Not on my watch—not worth the effort.”
Just to say, I have huge respect for the right hon.
Member, even if that evidently is not mutual at the moment—let us see if we can get to that place.