The Minister knows the Prime Minister well, having been one of his close advisers as well as his Parliamentary Private Secretary.
Why, when he learnt that a major trial concerning spying on Members was going to collapse, did the Prime Minister do nothing?
Why did he not ask if anything could be done to stop the trial collapsing?
Is that what he wanted to happen, and if not, why did he not act?
As I have said many times, the Government wanted the prosecution to proceed and allowed every opportunity for evidence to be provided for it and for the CPS to gather that.
The Prime Minister has already  stated when he was informed that the trial was in that process.
He also made it clear yesterday, in response to  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , that it is not his position to interfere.
The case was then dropped by the CPS independently.
The CPS has independence from Ministers; civil servants do not.
The whole point of our constitution is that civil servants can never be thrown under the bus because Ministers are responsible.
They own everything the civil servants do.
There is no carve-out because someone has this high title of being a National Security Adviser.
They are a civil servant.
It was not once; it happened repeatedly in an iterative process by which the CPS asked for and said there is a gap.
What is it?
Will the Minister please stop trying to make out that we have a different constitution from the one we have, in which he suggests that somehow Ministers are not responsible for the behaviour of their civil servants when that is the foundation of accountability within our parliamentary system?
I will refer back to what I have said already: it is not the place of Ministers, under this or previous Governments, to be vetting or interfering in evidence on that matter.
The battle with China is not just an economic one; it is also a battle of ideas about how the state should operate, and the fact that this case has collapsed is making a complete mockery of our arguments about how the state should operate compared with how China does things.
I suggest to the Minister that, along with the Prime Minister, he is in danger of inadvertently misleading the House.
He has been asked a number of times about the content of the statement in relation to the Conservative party position at the time, and he has insisted that the statements made only reflected the position of the Conservative Government at the time.
Will the Minister explain, then, why the exact wording in the Labour party manifesto in relation to China and its role, ended up in that statement?
The wording in that statement was put in there to provide wider context of the situation, but as I have said many times, and I will keep saying it, that wording is provided independently by the DNSA without any involvement from Ministers or political advisers.
rose— Were you in at the beginning?
No. Don’t bother wasting my time then.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Attorney General shares the concern of the CPS that there is not enough evidence to prosecute?
I think every Member of the House shares the concern that the case did not proceed, and that there was not enough evidence, but that decision was taken by the CPS.
Earlier this week, the Security Minister,  the hon.
Member for Barnsley North (Dan Jarvis) , came to this House and said that the National Security Adviser did not have any links to the 48 Group, a group that promotes economic links between the UK and China.
Why did the Minister say that when the National Security Adviser was listed as a fellow of the 48 Group on its website until very recently?
I cannot reply on specifics of the 48 Group; I do not know that.
But the National Security Adviser was not involved in any part of this, as the Prime Minister made clear yesterday.
The CPS decision not to prosecute leaves our nation less secure.
What assurance can the Minister give the House that the Government did everything in their power to ensure that the CPS had the necessary evidence to prosecute?
As I have said several times, this Government did everything they could to support the CPS in that process and to allow evidence to be submitted, but I gently point out again that one of the reasons that this did not proceed was Conservative policy at the time—not materially different from this policy—and the reliance on the 1911 Act.
Minister, what a baptism of fire.
As an MP, I understand the beautiful picture that words can paint, but I also understand the damage of ugly words, and unfortunately, I see here the problems that playing with words is leading to.
With great respect to the Minister, does he acknowledge that the play on words by the Government and the CPS further erodes trust in Government and that the witness statements may be construed to underline the views of my constituents in Strangford and elsewhere that China is a threat to those in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Will the Minister meet his Cabinet colleagues to find an open and transparent path to justice, not simply for this but to send a message to the Chinese Government to ensure they accept the sovereignty of this country and this nation and the protections that should and do exist for all those who live here, my constituents and everybody’s constituents?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point, and I thank him for his kind words in welcoming me.
If I can speak as many times in this place as he does, I will be very grateful—[Interruption.]
I am not sure anyone really wants that.
He makes a very serious point about the threats posed by China and the threats posed to his constituents and all our constituents by that.
That is the central message we should be trying to get back to: how the Government can work across the parties and how, with the CPS and others, we can all work to ensure that this kind of thing can never happen again.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Until the statement was published last night, some of us had no idea about the details of this case, but the Government appear to be unwilling to answer three questions that have been asked repeatedly in this Chamber, so can you, Mr Speaker, kindly help me to ascertain how we get answers to them?
The first concerns proof that, for the 14 months  the CPS asked about, the DNSA at no point spoke to any Ministers or the National Security Adviser.
Why, when the Prime Minister was informed that the case would collapse, did he not do everything in his power, and is there any evidence that he took any action at all?
And why, if the Government are so disappointed that the case collapsed, have there been to this day no repercussions for the Chinese Communist party, despite the Government in power having every tool in the box to make it clear that we will protect this House, this democracy and this country?
I cannot prolong the UQ.
I know the hon.
Lady well, and I know she will not leave it at that point of order.
She will go and use all the options that are open to her, and I am sure that she will be coming back in not too distant a time.
rose—