The first question was about why the deputy National Security Adviser included reference to economic opportunity in his statement when he knew that that was not the question he was being asked, nor the relevant question.
I am so sorry; I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman.
That was done to provide broader context of the Government’s position on China at the time, but it was an independent decision—taken freely, without interference from Ministers or advisers—of the DSNA to do so.
[Interruption.]
It is not my position to account for that.
That was his decision, and that was the evidence submitted under consecutive Governments.
I am afraid that is all I can add on that point.
May I take the Minister back to the wording of the Act?
It says that it is an offence to pass information that would be “directly or indirectly useful to an enemy”.
It does not say that it is an offence to directly or indirectly pass to an enemy information that would be useful.
The difference is that in the first, it is the usefulness of the information that constitutes the offence—it might be passed to any unauthorised person.
In the second, it is the passing of it to an enemy that constitutes the offence.
By using the second interpretation, it is therefore possible to argue that unless the person the information was passed to was an enemy, no offence was committed.
That, it would seem to me, is how the two men had the case dropped.
In fact, by passing it to a person not authorised to receive it, friend or foe, they had allowed  it to circulate outside of the UK Government’s control, where it could then be obtained and used by an enemy—surely that is what the Act sought to criminalise.
If the Minister agrees, is he satisfied that the wording of the Act is as it should be, or does he think that the prosecution was dropped erroneously?
Commenting on whether or not it was dropped erroneously is not something that any Minister would do from this Dispatch Box.
I would like to make a broader point about China’s activities in the United Kingdom related to this.
The application for the super-embassy is currently on the Government’s desk.
As the Minister says, and has been acknowledged, China is a threat and is actively working to undermine our national security.
The Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government said that the Government “would never compromise national security”.
How can the Government give any consideration to approving the Chinese super-embassy, which would give extraordinary capability to China to continue to expand its espionage activities and to target Hongkongers on British soil with its transnational repression?
As the hon.
Gentleman says, the decision on the Chinese embassy will be taken by the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government in due course.
It is completely unrelated to this case and anything in it.
That is an important point to reiterate.