I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for all her work.
In our youth strategy, we will set out the next steps to invest in the future of our young people.
We want to better co-ordinate youth services and move away from a one-size-fits-all approach from central Government.
In short, we want to put power back in the hands of young people and their communities.
Youth services deliver huge benefits to our community, both socially and economically, reducing knife crime and antisocial behaviour and, in turn, saving the country £500 million a year.
Yet the clubs that I meet in my constituency, including Wesley Hall youth club and Eyres Monsell club for young people, tell me that there is a real recruitment and retention crisis in the sector.
With over 4,500 workers leaving in the past decade, what measures is the Minister taking to address this issue?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to outline the importance of youth services, particularly in the prevention of knife crime and other issues.
Of course, we saw a 73% reduction in real-terms spending over the last 14 years under the Conservative Government.
We will not be able to reverse that overnight, but that is why we look forward to our youth strategy, which will be published by the end of the year.
What recent discussions she has had with relevant stakeholders on the potential impact of changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme on listed places of worship.
On this issue, the Secretary of State met my hon.
Friend  the Member for Battersea (Marsha De Cordova)  in her role as the Second Church Estates Commissioner and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily Thornberry) .
In March 2025, my noble Friend the Minister for Heritage met the right reverend Prelate the Bishop of Bristol, my noble Friend Lord Khan of Burnley, my hon.
Friend the Member for Battersea and church representatives, as well as visiting Salisbury cathedral and St Michael Le Belfrey in York.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer, but I am not sure the Government have understood the level of uncertainty and panic that has set in following their approach to this grant scheme.
Some of the most cherished buildings in our constituencies are waiting on clarity for when the Government will come forward with concrete steps to extend this scheme.
What will happen after March 2026?
I would be grateful if the Minister could give us that clarity now.
This is an incredibly serious issue, but the Conservatives did not allocate any funding for it at all when they were in government, and therefore we are left with the current situation.
I reiterate to those who may wish to use the listed places of worship grant scheme that £13.7 million is left in that scheme.
Grants are capped at £25,000, but the analysis from the Department is that 94% of all applications are unaffected by this change because most claims are under £5,000.
There is plenty of money left in the pot for this year, and I would encourage them to use it.
What steps her Department plans to take to help increase access to grassroots sport facilities.
We believe in the power of grassroots sport, which is why we announced investment of £400 million in future grassroots facilities.
But we are going further than that and insisting that girls will have equal access to any facility that we fund, because girls belong on the pitch.
I take this moment to pay tribute to the Lionesses and the Red Roses on their incredible victories in the women’s Euros and the rugby world cup.
It was a particular pleasure to join  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  to cheer on the Red Roses.
We want all girls to grow up not just with dreams of being able to match those ambitions, but with a real plan.
Access to sport is vital for not only our public health, but fostering a sense of community and reducing antisocial behaviour.
Yet in St Austell, many  of the astroturf facilities, such as the great one at Penrice school, cannot be used after dark because they lack floodlights.
Will the Minister look at how small-scale investments of this kind in vital community facilities could help unlock all-year-round access to physical activity for people of all ages?