The answer is yes to both.
Given that the deputy National Security Adviser is a civil servant and therefore accountable, who was holding him to account for the job that he was doing?
May I just emphasise that I am sure he was doing his level and honourable best in the circumstances in which he found himself, but it is really beyond belief that—as became apparent from the third inquiry, where the Director of Public Prosecutions was asking for a clear statement that China was a national security threat—nobody was capable of telling him, “Well, actually, you’d better say that”?
The idea that he was somehow beyond any influence from anybody is laughable.
One can only conclude that this conspiracy of omission was something that the Government wanted because they did not want this trial to go ahead.
No, that is really not the case.
First, people who have worked with the DNSA will know that he is of the highest calibre and integrity on this matter.
He presented evidence under successive Governments on this, devoid of any influence from advisers or Government on this side—I cannot say if that was the case under the previous Government, but I am sure it was.
He presented that evidence freely and to the best of his ability under successive Governments.
Leaders should delegate responsibility but not accountability.
The argument at Prime Minister’s questions yesterday revolved around whether a Minister or a special adviser had influenced the collapse of the case, and it was established that neither Ministers nor special advisers had involvement in the provision of evidence, but does the Minister think it would have been worth Ministers reflecting on the Intelligence and Security Committee’s 2023 China report and requesting sight of the witness statements provided by the senior civil servant before they were submitted?
In essence, have the Government sought to delegate to a civil servant responsibility and accountability?
No.
It is not the position of the Government, or of successive Governments, to vet witness statements made in such cases.
The hon.
Gentleman will correct me if I am wrong, but I think that is what he is asking.
Across the three witness statements, the deputy National Security Adviser sets out—15 or 20 times; I cannot remember the exact number—clearly and consistently the very serious threats that China poses.
On the basis of that, the decision not to prosecute is taken by the CPS.
I am slightly baffled by the answer that it is not the job of Ministers to vet witness statements when they are made on behalf of the Government.
That is exactly the point; they are accountable.
The Prime Minister said that the evidence that was relevant to the case was the previous Government’s China policy, but the statements published last night showed that they were changed to reflect this Government’s China policy.
That is not the only way in which the Prime Minister’s story has fallen apart, but on that specific point, what he told the House was not correct, was it?
It was.
There was no political interference from the Government in any of the statements made.
[Interruption.]
It does not matter how many times hon.
Members allege it; it was not the case.
Among all the noise of this China spy scandal, my constituents in Boston and Skegness—and the whole British people—want some clarity from the Government.
Do they view China as a national security threat—yes or no?
Throughout the evidence, the threats that China poses are set out multiple times.
There is complete consistency between the two.
Obviously there are very serious threats—I have read them out in my statements.
The deputy National Security Adviser is clear in his evidence that China is the greatest state economic threat to the UK.
Does the Minister agree with that?
Is he seriously trying to suggest that the deputy National Security Adviser, given what he has said in his evidence, did not clear what he was doing with the CPS with his superiors, Jonathan Powell or Ministers?
Yes, that is exactly what I am saying, the Prime Minister said yesterday, and the Security Minister said on Monday.
Notwithstanding the decision to drop this case, it is clear that China is trying to undermine our democracy.
Will the Government include all Chinese officials, Hong Kong special administrative region officials and Chinese Communist party-linked organisations on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
I am afraid that I am not across the specific of that in my brief, so I will get back to the hon.
Lady.