Communities in my constituency have been devastated by the destruction of Shotley Park, a grade II listed building, in a recent fire.
I understand that an investigation is going on into the circumstances, but can the Minister say in more general terms what steps we can take to protect our listed buildings and the memories they represent for local people?
There is no specific duty on owners to keep their buildings in a good state of repair, but local authorities have powers under legislation to take action where a listed building may be at risk, through urgent works notices and repairs notices.
The Government also support local authorities by providing funding for  conservation projects, and they are consulting on reforms to make it easier for homeowners to protect their historic properties while preserving their unique character.
There is also the buildings at risk register, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to speak to her local authority to see what can be done to help, As a committed if rather untalented member of the Lords and Commons tennis team, I am aware that the vagaries of British weather make participation difficult, particularly in autumn and winter.
Will the Secretary of State allow any of the £400 million for grassroots sport to be used to create more covered tennis facilities, so that participation can be encouraged and the future of British talent can be nourished?
As a former member of a Select Committee that the right hon.
Gentleman chaired, I am acutely aware that he is always right.
I have been pleased to work with the Lawn Tennis Association and others to consider what we can do to ensure that more of that funding is used for tennis facilities.
I have received representations from Members across the House about how restrictive that funding was.
We believe that communities know better which facilities they need, and I confirm that we have made changes to the funding allocation, so that it is easier for communities to access whatever they need, including tennis.
Grassroots boxing clubs do fantastic work with young people and provide a pipeline of future talent for our communities.
Crawley has provided such leading lights in the boxing world as Alan Minter.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the sector to see what more can be done to support grassroots boxing?