On transparency, the Security Minister has given two statements to this House.
The Prime Minister gave what I think we can all agree was a rather lengthy statement yesterday, and he used the pretty unusual process of publishing the evidence in full yesterday, so transparency is something the Government are trying to provide.
The key point the shadow Minister made was about why the Prime Minister or Ministers did not interfere or try to do so.
As the Prime Minister made clear yesterday, this was a matter for the CPS independently, and an important principle of this Government—[Interruption.]
Evidence was provided independently by the deputy National Security Adviser.
The Prime Minister made it clear, and this is the bit I find confusing—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Cartlidge, you are very energetic there and even I can hear you from here, so please can we have a little bit less?
This is the bit that I find slightly confusing about the Opposition’s approach.
On Monday and today as well, they have accused this Government of political interference, including by the National Security Adviser.
The Prime Minister has made it absolutely clear that that is completely untrue.
On the other hand, they are saying there should have been political interference, and that the Prime Minister should have directed or tried to help the CPS.
The Prime Minister has made it very clear that that is not the case, and that no Prime Minister and no Government would interfere with the CPS on a decision to charge, which is entirely for it to make.
In terms of the evidence in the three statements put forward yesterday, there is clear consistency across them.
They all set out the very, very serious threats that China poses.
I do not think anyone can think that that is not the case.
[Interruption.]
It was provided independently by the deputy National Security Adviser without interference from anyone else.
They are his words.
It is his choice what happens, and that is what happened.
We have been through this several times—on Monday, yesterday and today.
The Prime Minister has provided the evidence.
It is there for Ministers and Members to see.
Ultimately, the decision was taken by the CPS not to proceed and we are all disappointed in that.