Obviously, this is too important for party politics; it is a matter of national security against an existential threat from China.
The Prime Minister was clear yesterday when he said that no Minister would ever apply pressure to the CPS, and I completely believe him.
But we would like to have clarity that Ministers had no discussions with civil servants and then subsequently civil servants with the CPS.
We want to be absolutely clear that there was no ministerial involvement at all.
That is absolutely my understanding.
Paragraph 8 of the  4 August  statement says: “It is important for me to emphasise…that the UK Government is committed to pursuing a positive relationship with China to strengthen understanding, cooperation and stability.”
Why did the deputy National Security Adviser think it was a good idea to include that in the statement?
The deputy National Security Adviser was reflecting Government policy at the time.
That was his choice of words, and it was his decision to include that.
But if we look across the statements, we see there is broad consistency and no material difference on the policy relating to China, which has been pretty much shared across the House.
It is now clear that the Crown Prosecution Service asked the Government more than once, over more than a year, for some additional evidence on what the CPS considered to be the crucial question of whether China constituted a national security threat during the relevant period.
It seems to me, having read those statements, that at least two important questions arise.
The first is the one just asked by  the hon.
Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg) .
Given that it was clear at the point when the deputy National Security  Adviser made his second and third statements that the question he was being asked to comment on was whether that bar of being a national security threat was met or not, what is the possible relevance of the inclusion of information about China as an economic opportunity?
Surely the Minister and the Government can see that that only weakens the substance of the question that that witness was being asked to answer.
It would be useful to understand whether the DNSA came to that view on his own or had it suggested to him that that would be a useful thing to include.
The second question is this.
The Government have been clear—the Minister has been today, and the Prime Minister was yesterday—about how disappointed they are at the outcome of the trial and how much they wanted the prosecution to proceed.
Given the length of time and the number of requests received by the CPS, surely it would be logical to assume that the Government would be straining every sinew to find extra evidence to meet the CPS’s requirement.
Whether they thought the CPS was right to ask for it or not, it was clear that, with that extra evidence, the CPS would have proceeded with the case as the Government say they wanted.
What evidence can the Government provide to us that every sinew was strained and that they did everything they could to find that evidence?
If that evidence is in fact available and others could find it, will the Government not have some explaining to do?