The Secretary of State will be aware that, alongside investment from Government and national sports bodies, voluntary donations and corporate sponsorship play a key role in funding our grassroots and professional sports clubs and leagues.
For example, Flutter’s Cash4Clubs programme has invested £7 million in grassroots clubs since 2008.
Does the Minister therefore share my concern that the Chancellor’s proposed racing tax will not only see thousands of British jobs lost across the country, but damage key sponsorship of a number of UK sports, especially British horseracing?
Will she confirm that her Department has made it clear to the Treasury that it opposes this tax raid on our British sport?
I absolutely recognise the point about fairness and safety, and I have had representations and conversations with many women athletes and competitors since taking office.
Of course we want to be as inclusive as possible in the approach that we take, but we recognise that fairness and safety really matter, and we have been supporting the sporting bodies in dealing with that.
It is a matter for them, but we stand ready to support.
In relation to the issues that the hon.
Member raised about gambling, we believe that the gambling industry is an important part of the UK economy.
We know that it brings joy to millions of people.
Of course, future proposals on taxation are matters for the Treasury, but I can reassure him that we regularly engage with the Treasury to ensure not just that the voice of stakeholders is heard, but that we avoid any unintended consequences of tax reform.
What steps she is taking to ensure that local authorities fulfil their statutory duties in the delivery of youth services.
Local authorities play a vital role in delivering youth services and have a statutory duty to provide sufficient leisure-time activities and facilities, in line with local needs.
This Government inherited local authorities that were on their knees, and in that context some are struggling to meet their duties.
That is why, as part of our wider investment in young people, we are investing over £8 million this year to support local authorities.
I know the Minister will join me in welcoming the recent £600,000 investment to improve the offer for young people in Stoke-on-Trent.
With the upcoming review of arm’s length bodies such as Sport England and the Arts Council, will the Minister ensure that greater collaboration will mean that our young people always have somewhere to go and something to do on their weekends, their evenings and during their school holidays?
Of course, I welcome this investment through the local youth transformation pilot, which will support pathfinder local authorities to start to rebuild a high-quality offer for young people.
We want to see greater co-operation and co-ordination, so I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming that investment.
It is really important that young people have something positive to do during their evenings and weekends, and I have seen that in my own area of Barnsley, where, for example, the Barnsley youth choir supports hundreds of young people.
Having attended their concert on Saturday, I wish them well in competing in Spain this week.