Let me correct the record.
I did not say that I was a musician; I said that I managed a band.
I would not like that to be incorrectly recorded in Hansard.
In any case, I thank the hon.
Lady for the encouragement.
This matter is a priority for this Government to try and resolve.
It was mentioned in the UK-EU reset summit agreement.
We are working hard with the Paymaster General, who takes forward those negotiations.
I am already in touch with the European Commissioner for culture.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we will do everything we possibly can to get the agreement and the commitment over the line.
What steps she is taking to support the motorsport industry.
This Government are proud to play a part in the continued growth and success of the motorsport industry.
We have recently published the advanced manufacturing sector plan, which has automotive at its heart, aiming to nearly double the annual business investment in the sector to £39 billion by 2035, with 84% of advanced manufacturing jobs based outside London.
As well as congratulating McLaren, which is based in my constituency of Woking, for winning the Formula 1 constructors’ title for the second season in a row, will the Minister also agree to ask the Chancellor to change the tax on sustainable fuel, so that this country can continue to have a leading place in the motoring industry?
I would of course like to congratulate McLaren on back-to-back Formula 1 constructors’ championship victories, and I am sure the support it receives in Woking is no small part of that.
Alongside the Secretary of State, I attended the British grand prix in the summer and witnessed McLaren and Britain’s own Lando Norris claim victory.
My Department will continue to stay in close contact with Formula 1, and I will reflect his comments to the Chancellor.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of providing additional funding to support tourism in areas affected by major energy infrastructure projects.
The Government are committed to supporting the visitor economy in rural and coastal communities, because we recognise the potential the sector has to contribute to economic growth and to the pride in place of an area.
Through ongoing dialogue with other Departments and Ministers, we are exploring how best to support communities and businesses, including through our forthcoming visitor economy growth plan.
Suffolk Coastal is proud to be the tourism capital of Suffolk, but we also wear the badge of hosting possibly the highest number of nationally significant infrastructure projects within a small, 10-mile radius.
Suffolk Coastal is home to Aldeburgh, Southwold, Woodbridge and Saxmundham, and every day I speak to businesses and constituents about the impact of the lack of co-ordination of these NSIPs in a very small geography.
Investing in energy infrastructure and tourism do not need to be in conflict.
Is the Minister having conversations with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero about how we can better co-ordinate?
If she is not, will she?
I recognise how important the tourism and hospitality sectors are to Suffolk, and I know that my hon.
Friend is a strong champion for them and for her area.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport works closely with other Departments, including DESNZ and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, to ensure that the needs of the visitor economy are considered as part of the planning and delivery of large-scale projects.
The Government acknowledge concerns that numerous projects may be consented to in one region, and the cumulative impacts of schemes are considered as they move individually through the NSIP regime.
I will reflect her comments to MHCLG, but of course such large infrastructure projects are important for the country.
My constituency has the largest number of wind turbines, either constructed or consented to.
Does the Minister share my concern that the Scottish Government continue to override the views of local councils and local communities in consenting to further projects that are to the detriment of the landscape and therefore the local tourist industry?
I have heard the right hon.
Gentleman’s point.
I am sure that the relevant Secretary of State and indeed the Scottish Government have heard it.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
If she will have discussions with the Coal Industry Social Welfare Organisation on its role in supporting coalmining communities.
I know from my own experience, from Members across the House and from my constituents, of the deep unhappiness with CISWO.
As Charities Minister, I met representatives of the Charity Commission to discuss CISWO’s support for coal mining communities, and I know the commission is in contact with CISWO.
I encourage the chief executive officer and trustees to reflect on how they deliver their charitable purposes in the light of the dissatisfaction expressed by hon.
Members and local communities, and I strongly encourage CISWO to strengthen its engagement with the local coalfield communities that it was established to support.
The Coal Industry Social Welfare Organisation dates back to the 1920s.
Its main function then and its main function now is to support the mining communities, but sadly many mining MPs are witnessing exactly the opposite.
The chief executive officer’s rigid enforcement of decades-old covenants and dogged intransigence is working against our mining communities.
In my patch of Blyth and Ashington, the eviction of the Bedlington Terriers from a ground they have played on for more than 50 years is a prime example.
The trustees believe themselves to be untouchable and have tret the coalfield MPs with the utmost contempt.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and the chair of the coalfield group to discuss how together we can reverse the current mindset of the CISWO trustees and reflect the real needs of the people in our mining communities?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s grave concerns, which are reflected across our coalfield communities.
I am deeply troubled to hear the example he shares with the House.
Charities must stay true to their charitable purposes and act within the law and the terms of their governing document.
Where they fail to do so, it is right that we have the Charity Commission as the independent regulator to investigate.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his concerns in more detail.
That invitation is open to any Member of the House, as it is clear to me that concerns regarding CISWO are sincerely held.
I once again reiterate my encouragement for the CEO and trustees to reflect on how they deliver their charitable purposes for the coalfield communities they are meant to represent.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on levels of funding for youth services.
We will soon be launching our national youth strategy, created with young people and designed to tackle the problems affecting them.
As part of that work, we engage regularly with Cabinet colleagues on ensuring that the problems impacting young people are heard and properly tackled.
This financial year, DCMS is investing over £145 million in youth funding.