Both Grand Central and Hull Trains have seen their passenger numbers increase dramatically since the pandemic, by more than 50% and 20% respectively.
That is a significant increase compared with other operators.
Why does the right hon.
Lady think that might be?
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to trade statistics on the rail network, I can tell him that we have seen a massive increase in passenger numbers on TransPennine Express and LNER.
In fact, last year we had a 7% overall increase in passenger journeys and passenger revenue overall went up from £10.6 billion to £11.5 billion, which is good news for the taxpayer and a clear sign that people want to come back and use our railways.
I was not hoping to trade statistics— I was hoping that the right hon.
Lady would answer the question.
I will provide the answer: it is because they are open access operators.
They have to compete for passengers by providing a service that passengers want at a price they are prepared to pay, and it is clearly working.
Why have the Government indicated to the industry that they are not supportive of open access by stating their opposition to eight of the nine proposals submitted in February?
I have said repeatedly at this Dispatch Box that we see a role for open access operators when they open up new markets and add value.
We have to balance that against the revenue that they abstract from the public sector operator.
We cannot have a situation in which we import too much congestion on to the rail network, because there is constrained and finite capacity.
I am keen to see a mixed model of delivery going forward, but I need to reduce the taxpayer subsidy going into the rail network at the moment.
We are supporting— Order.
In a recent survey I conducted in Mansfield, local and minor roads were among the worst affected by poor maintenance.
The A60 in Warsop, Chesterfield Road in Mansfield and Old Mill Lane in Forest Town were highlighted as particular problems.
What is the Department doing to improve local roads in my constituency and in Nottinghamshire as a whole?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his local constituents.
We have provided an extra £500 million for councils this year to end the pothole plague, and the East Midlands combined county authority will receive almost £20 million extra, taking the total to £76 million.
For Nottinghamshire to unlock its full uplift, it needs to show that it is following best practice and publish a report on its highways maintenance activities by the end of this month.
After years of broken promises by the Conservatives, this Government have finally confirmed this week that the Camelford bypass project will not go ahead.
Having anticipated that for some time, I have already started working with local stakeholders on a plan
B. Will the Roads Minister meet me to discuss an alternative way forward?
I am aware that at least the certainty of a decision was welcomed by the hon.
Gentleman, and I appreciate that.
The Department is happy to discuss any alternative plans with him and with Cornwall council.
We have met before, and I am very happy to meet him again.
First  Bus is axing the critical 65 bus, which runs through Dalmarnock, Bridgeton and the Gorbals in my seat and into the seat of my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks).
Without the 65, Dorothy, who is in her 90s, will not be able to visit family and friends.
That is a loss for everyone, because Dorothy is brilliant company.
Does the Minister agree that bus operators must take into account the needs of people such as Dorothy before axing critical bus services?
I am sorry to hear about the impact that that is having on Dorothy.
As my hon.
Friend will know, bus services are a devolved matter in Scotland.
In England, we are taking action to put power over buses into the hands of local leaders through the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill.
When the Government introduced the increased £3 bus cap, it saw the cost of a number of shorter journeys with local bus providers increase by more than inflation.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that people are not feeling the effects of Labour’s bus tax?
Participants in the bus fare cap are only able to increase bus fares by inflation, so if the hon.
Gentleman wants to speak to me outside the Chamber, I would be happy to take that matter up for him.
I was disappointed to see the findings of yesterday’s Civil Aviation Authority airport accessibility performance report, which outlined that three airports—Edinburgh, London Heathrow and Glasgow Prestwick—received a “needs improvement” rating for accessibility.
Can my hon.
Friend provide an update on when the aviation accessibility task and finish group’s recommendations will be published, and when the Government will be able to outline how they plan to introduce measures to support disabled people who wish to access air travel?
Everyone should be able to travel with dignity and ease, which is why we launched the aviation accessibility task and finish group last year.
I expect to be able to provide an update soon, when that group publishes its findings.
As my hon.
Friend has mentioned, the Civil Aviation Authority’s airport accessibility performance report 2024-25 demonstrates that improvements are still required in some areas.
Devon and Torbay combined county authority will receive just £40 million between 2026 and 2030 in local transport grant funding—less than half the amount awarded to York and North Yorkshire and a fraction of the billions given to the city regions, despite Devon having the longest road network in the country.
A large local operator says that just £1 million a year would make a transformational change in Devon, where rural deprivation is well hidden.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issues facing the bus network in Devon and the Government investment that is needed?
Our long-term bus investment will support rural areas to improve local bus services.
That is on top of the £712 million we have allocated to local authorities in 2025-26.
I met taxi drivers in Derby, at a meeting organised by the GMB, who are proud of the work they do.
They want high  standards across the board; what actions is the Minister taking to review taxi licensing, so that everyone can have confidence that the taxi and private hire industry is reliable, sustainable, and safe for passengers and the drivers themselves?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are taking this issue very seriously.
We are reviewing licensing authorities’ compliance with existing guidance, and we will hold those who do not follow that guidance to account.
We will go further following the publication of Baroness Casey’s review, and we have committed to taking legislative action to close the loopholes in the current licensing regime to achieve higher standards of safety across the board.
The Dawlish sea wall collapsed in 2014, causing a devastating loss to the south-west’s economy of about £1.2 billion.
It was not the break in the sea wall that closed the railway for eight weeks; it was the collapse of the cliffs.
Will the Minister prioritise the project to secure those cliffs, which is yet to be carried out, or will she meet me?
Perhaps she could even visit Dawlish to see how important this fix is going to be.
I know how important that rail line is to the people of the south-west, including the hon.
Member’s constituents.
We are working to determine which rail enhancement projects will be taken forward following the Chancellor’s spending review statement on  11 June .
More information will be made available shortly, and I am sure that my colleague, the Rail Minister, will write to the hon.
Member in due course.
Following the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , last week the Casey review showed us yet again that private hire vehicles are a dangerous place for many children and young people.
Nationally in 2023, 96% of taxi licences were issued in one local authority—Wolverhampton, one of my neighbouring local authorities—yet only 10% of the applicants lived there.
What action is the Minister going to take to ensure local taxi licensing is done locally and to high standards?
Hear, hear!
Baroness Casey has rightly brought this issue into sharp focus, and as I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , we are committed to addressing it.
We will work as quickly as possible and consider all options, including out-of-area working, national standards and enforcement, in seeking the best overall outcome for passenger safety.