My party and I were pleased when the Chancellor recently announced funding for Northern Powerhouse Rail to improve connectivity.
However, we still do not know on what the money will be spent.
Any plan to boost the northern powerhouse must surely include a new main line between Manchester and Liverpool—a vital link that would not only drive economic growth across the north-west but strengthen connections between two of our greatest cities.
When will we finally see the detail behind the Chancellor’s announcement, and will she meet with me and my hon.
Friends the Members for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) and for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart) to discuss proposals for the better linking of Manchester and Liverpool?
The mayors of Greater Manchester and Liverpool—Andy Burnham and Steve Rotheram—have made a strong case for improving rail connectivity between their two great cities.
The hon.
Member is right to say that this Government are committed to improving the country’s rail network.
I hope to say more on  schemes for the north in the weeks and months ahead.
I assure all hon.
Members that I will come back to the House swiftly when I have more information so that they can question me further.
Including Coppull railway station, I hope!
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
The Government are kick-starting a revolution in bus services across the country, delivering the right services in the right places at the right fare levels to serve local communities.
Our Bus Services (No. 2) Bill will overhaul bus service operations, protecting vital routes, including in rural and deprived areas, and delivering on our commitment to improve living standards across the country.
The Government have confirmed over £1 billion of funding for buses to support and improve services in 2025-26, and we are keeping fares low by maintaining the £3 bus fare cap.
It is no surprise that Stoke-on-Trent’s bus service improvement plan is among the best in the country.
Thanks to funding from this Labour Government, dozens of new services have been delivered, such as the 36, connecting Kidsgrove to Hanley and Meir, and the 501, helping people get to Wolstanton retail park.
Will the Minister join me in recognising the progress that Stoke-on-Trent has made with its bus network, and will he meet me to discuss how we can ensure that progress continues when funding ends next year?
I congratulate Stoke-on-Trent on its success.
It is great to hear that local ambitions are being realised through new bus services, lower fares and more accessible buses.
Funding has been announced for 2025-26: Stoke-on-Trent city council was awarded £9.8 million, and Staffordshire county council was awarded £11 million.
Future allocations for individual local authorities will be confirmed in due course.
I am grateful to the more than 300 residents who took part in my bus survey.
Many expressed frustration about Arriva’s decision to cut the X5 service, leaving schoolchildren stranded and people unable to get to work.
Fortunately, on this occasion,  Red Eagle Buses stepped in, but what happened speaks to the wider issue of bus companies not putting residents’ needs first.
Will the Minister join me in asking Buckinghamshire council to take up the new franchising powers in the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill to fix exactly that issue?
The Bus Services (No. 2) Bill puts the power over local bus services back in the hands of local leaders right across England, enabling them to choose the bus model that works best for their areas.
The Government will support local transport authorities that decide that the franchising route is the best option for them, delivering improvements to services in their area.
I hope that my hon.
Friend’s local council will work with her and her constituents to find the best local solution.
Reliable and accessible local bus services are vital for our communities, connecting people to work, education, healthcare and each other.
Yet too often, services are reduced or withdrawn due to low usage, leaving many isolated.
To ensure that those services remain viable, we must not only improve them but encourage more people to use them.
What steps are the Government taking not only to improve local bus services but to commit to running national or regional campaigns to boost bus usage and protect those essential routes?
We will encourage operators and local authorities to work together to run their own regional campaigns to help boost bus usage.
Funding provided to local authorities through the local authority bus grant to improve services could be used for that kind of campaign, if those authorities feel that will help them to meet their bus service improvement plan objectives.
After decades of failed bus deregulation under the Tories, I am pleased that this Labour Government truly understand the importance of delivering better bus services for millions of people.
How will the Government support local leaders to take back control of their bus services, and how will that benefit my constituency of Harlow?
I am thinking particularly of rural areas in my constituency, such as Roydon, Nazeing and Hatfield Broad Oak, where residents often talk about how a lack of connectivity causes issues of isolation and a lack of job prospects.
The Bus Services (No. 2) Bill will put power over local bus services back in the hands of local leaders.
It is intended to ensure that bus services reflect the needs of the communities that rely on them, including in rural areas.
Leaders in places such as Harlow will be empowered to deliver reforms to their bus services.
We will also be reforming bus funding, giving local leaders more control and more flexibility to deliver their local transport priorities.