I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the recruitment of engineers.
Although it is, of course, primarily bus operators’ responsibility to ensure that they meet their staffing needs, the Government will continue to support the bus sector to meet its current and future labour requirements.
The greater long-term funding certainty that the Government are providing through the spending review confirms that the bus sector is a great one for engineers to build their careers in.
It was great to meet some of the rising stars in the Go-Ahead Group just yesterday.
My constituents in Blaydon and Consett rely heavily on buses.
Thankfully, with the support of the North East combined authority and our Mayor Kim McGuinness, my constituents have benefited from subsidised fares as a result of the Government’s continuation of the bus service improvement plan funding, for which I am very grateful.
That funding is due to expire in March ’26, but it is crucial that we are able to plan how bus users across the north-east can continue to benefit from those fares.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and members of the combined authority to discuss how we can continue to provide value for money for bus users in the north-east?
I am delighted to hear that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are benefiting from reduced fares, below the Government’s national £3 bus fare cap.
I was pleased that we were able to allocate £23.8 million to the North East combined authority under the leadership of Mayor Kim McGuinness.
I am, of course, more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
As I mentioned to the Minister when he appeared before the Transport Committee, I sent a transport survey to every household in Weald of Kent and received hundreds of comments about our buses.
Many are dismayed that villages such as Smarden, Egerton, Frittenden and Pluckley now have no bus service at all, while others observe that small villages are served by massive buses carrying one or two passengers.
What further assessment has the Minister made of the role of demand-responsive services in rural areas such as mine?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill contains powers to ask local transport authorities to identify specific routes that are of social value and need.
That will be particularly important when considering rural areas.
She will also be aware that the Department has been supporting a number of design-responsive transport schemes, of which we are undertaking review.
In my constituency, Hammersmith bridge has been closed to vehicles for over six years.
During that time, buses have been unable to cross, emergency vehicles have experienced delays and businesses on both sides of the bridge have lost out.
The Economic Secretary to the Treasury was recently unable to confirm on the radio whether the structures fund will be put towards the bridge’s repairs, so will the Minister tell me whether we can expect funding for Hammersmith bridge to reopen?
I entirely appreciate the problems that the hon.
Member and her constituents have experienced as a result of Hammersmith bridge.
Further information on the structures fund will be announced in due course.
Several of my constituents have written to me, concerned that Arriva, which provides local bus services, has cancelled or reduced some of their local routes, such as the 322 in Maple Cross and the 328 in South Oxhey, leaving them with no other transport options aside from costly taxis.
What will the Minister do to ensure that everyone has access to public transport, such as those vital bus services?
I will expect the hon.
Gentleman to walk through the Lobby with the Government when our Bus Services (No. 2) Bill comes forward.
It is exactly designed to take back control of our bus services, which the Conservative party completely and spectacularly failed to do.
The Bill will empower local leaders to choose a model that works best for their area.
It includes, as I mentioned, a socially necessary local services measure.
Local transport authorities that operate under an enhanced partnership will be required to identify local services that they consider to be socially necessary and put in place requirements that must be followed before such services can be changed or cancelled.
They also need to consider the alternative options available to them.
Bus usage and services in rural and semi-rural areas such as Wokingham were particularly hard hit during the pandemic.
Will the Minister confirm that councils such as Wokingham will not see funding for local bus services reduced, and will he recognise that rebuilding bus usage in rural areas is a unique challenge that requires extra resources?
I completely understand the challenges, particularly in rural areas.
That is why the package of measures in the Bill to give local areas the powers that they need to take control of those buses is so important.
I already mentioned socially necessary bus routes.
In the Budget, we confirmed £1 billion in support to improve bus services and keep fares affordable, including in rural areas.
That funding has been devolved down to local leaders to decide how to spend that in any way they see fit.
That will improve bus services in their area, including in rural areas.
A blind resident in my constituency, Marilyn, relies on her guide dog and the local bus network to live independently.
However, changes under the Government’s £1.7 million active travel grant, including floating bus stops on Rifford Road in my constituency, force her to cross fast, bidirectional cycle lanes just to board a bus.
That goes against safety advice from the Guide Dogs organisation and the Royal National Institute of Blind People and is causing real distress.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Government-funded infrastructure must be safe and accessible for everyone, and will she commit to reviewing active travel guidance to consider the role of floating bus stops that put blind and visually impaired people at risk?
During the passage of the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill in the other place, we committed to writing to all local transport authorities asking them to pause the installation of a specific kind of floating bus stop, where passengers get off the bus straight into a cycle lane or an island.
That is because they have been identified through research as problematic for people, particularly those with vision issues.[Official Report,  9 July 2025 ; Vol. 770, c. 8WC.]
(Correction)
We have already done work with Active Travel England and Transport for London to identify a design standard.
Fundamentally, this Government believe in accessible transport for everyone, and that is exactly our ambition.
If we are to deliver local bus services, we must deliver buses that are efficient and technologically modern to ensure we can meet those targets.
With that in mind, will the Minister assure the House that any action taken by Government to provide buses and local bus services will support bus manufacturing across all parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and, in particular, Wrightbus in North Antrim?
Absolutely, and that is why I was so proud to chair the first bus manufacturers expert panel in March.
That is a year-long project with bus operators, bus manufacturers and mayors across the country to try to forge a smooth pipeline of orders to support our fantastic UK manufacturers.
The Government know that bus franchising is commercially risky and very expensive for any local authority.
We know that because Transport for London costs taxpayers £650 million a year in subsidy, and Andy Burnham’s Bee Network in Greater Manchester is currently on course for an annual deficit of £226 million, when its business plan was for a forecast profit.
What is the point of giving risky franchising powers to every local authority in the country when the Government do not provide the money to support them?
I will not take any lectures from the Conservatives under whose watch we saw 300 million fewer bus miles.
As I have explained to the hon.
Gentleman in Committee and in various exchanges, the full fat franchising—as it is commonly known—in Greater Manchester is only one kind of franchising available to local authorities.
Various other methods are available to different areas, including the model adopted in places such as Jersey, which is a partnership between the private operators and the local transport authority so that they can benefit from its skills and knowledge.
I do not recognise—and I have corrected this in Committee—the figures that the hon.
Gentleman quotes for Greater Manchester, which is performing fantastically, delivering better, more affordable, greener, smoother and reliable services for the people of Manchester.
I am grateful for that answer, and we have four hours of Bill Committee later today to rehearse the arguments yet again.
In an earlier answer, the Minister said that he is providing £1 billion of support for buses in this financial year, but surely he knows that £700 million goes to help local authorities navigate the huge administrative burdens that come  with franchising and the other schemes that the Government have in mind.
That leaves just £255 million for actual bus services across the whole of England.
That is only enough to satisfy Andy Burnham for a year, yet we have full fat being pursued by Liverpool and West Midlands.
I ask again: where is the money to support those ambitions?
As the hon.
Gentleman is aware, places such as Greater Manchester are part of the group of authorities that have received £15.6 billion to spend in their local areas.
It is important to recognise the extraordinary performance of buses in Greater Manchester.
Once again, we are not telling local areas which model to adopt for buses: it could be franchising or enhanced partnerships, as well as removing the barrier to municipal bus companies.
What steps she is taking to help improve passenger rail performance in Cumbria.
What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
I am all too aware that rail performance has been sub-par for many years in this country, but following a decade of decline, we are now starting to see train performance stabilise, with passengers returning to the railway.
We are working with the rail industry on a performance restoration framework, with five clear focus areas to recover performance, including timetable resilience, staffing and keeping trains safely moving during disruptive events.
The energy coast rail line in Cumbria is in desperate need of upgrading.
It has Victorian-era signalling, and parts of the track suffer from coastal erosion.
Upgrading the line would be of huge benefit to passengers, improving the reliability and speed of journeys, and to critical freight for the nuclear decommissioning work and for the shipyard work at Barrow.
Businesses, other Members and I will meet the Minister for Rail next week to push for funding to get the final business case over the line.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that her Department will work with me and others to ensure that the project is in the Government’s infrastructure pipeline when it is published?
My hon.
Friend has been a great advocate for his constituents on this topic and makes a strong case for the scheme.
My officials are working with Cumberland council and across Whitehall to refine the business case he refers to.
I know the Rail Minister looks forward to meeting him next week to discuss it.
In 1911, Blackpool was home to the busiest railway station in the world—a testament to our town’s rich transport heritage.
Today, the Blackpool South line urgently needs a passing loop to enable trains to pass each other and deliver the reliable, frequent rail service that our community in South Shore deserves.
The Government’s recent £4 million investment in Blackpool’s local bus services was welcome.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the long-overdue need for investment in the Blackpool South line to finally deliver that passing loop?
This Government are committed to investing in local transport around the UK.
I am pleased that we have been able to make such a substantial investment in bus services in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Fylde council’s business case found that there was potential to increase frequency on the south Fylde line.
I know the Rail Minister would be happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
The lead question is on Cumbria.
We are putting general questions into what is a lead question, and I do not think it is good to join them up.
We are now going round the country on what should have been a Cumbrian question, which is something we could think about for the future.
Rail services are important in Cumbria, but they are also important in Sleaford.
For some time, I have been campaigning for lifts at Sleaford railway station for those who have difficulty with stairs.
I was pleased when the previous Government included Sleaford in the Access for All scheme, and having raised it at previous Transport questions, I was delighted when the Rail Minister wrote to me to confirm that the feasibility studies will go ahead.
When I met Network Rail yesterday, I found that it is stuck.
Network Rail has done as much as it can, but the money ready for it has not been officially unlocked.
Could the Secretary of State look into that and ensure that the work goes ahead as soon as possible so that people can access the second platform even if they have trouble with stairs?
I understand the importance of accessibility at rail stations, such as Sleaford in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, and she is right that feasibility work has been done on 50 schemes across the country.
That feasibility work shows that the cost of those individual schemes will vary from place to place.
We are reviewing that work and looking at the overall quantum of funding we have available.
I must say to her and other Members of this House that it is unlikely that we will be able to fund all 50 schemes, but I will provide an update in due course on which ones will go forward.
Much like Cumbria, my constituents and rail users in Chichester share a part of the Brighton mainline when commuting into London.
Unfortunately for them, the journey time into London Victoria—on the rare occasion when everything is running on time—is nearly 100 minutes, which is above average for cities of a similar distance from London.
The complaint I hear most often about the journey is the lack of a fast service.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to encourage Southern rail to implement such a service for the benefit of my constituents?
The hon.
Lady will know that these matters are constantly kept under review.
We have constrained capacity on the rail network and need to balance the number of fast services we have with local stopping services, but I am happy to discuss the matter further, both with the train operating company and Network Rail.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
We are unlocking growth through the power of aviation by progressing airport planning decisions and driving airspace modernisation, including through the new UK airspace design service.
We have also invited proposals for a third runway at Heathrow, which will have benefits across the UK and could result in billions of pounds invested in our economy.
To help the sector grow in a sustainable way, we have introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate and a Bill for a SAF revenue certainty mechanism.
Has the Minister had discussions with the Scottish Government on how best to use the substantial increase in the Scottish budget to support the aviation sector?
In particular, what do the Government plan to do to make up for the lack of investment in connectivity around Glasgow international airport in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for Glasgow airport, and as she knows, Scotland needs investment in transport and infrastructure of the kind we are now seeing across England and Wales.
The Scottish Government will receive the largest real-terms settlement since devolution began in 1998 as a result of this month’s spending review.
I hope this budget increase will be put to good use.
It was good to see Doncaster regional airport recently attract £30 million from this Government.
The public service obligation flight route between Newquay airport and Gatwick is a vital regional connection between Cornwall and the capital, but with the current service ending in July, it is now up for renewal.
Will the Minister please meet me as a matter of urgency to ensure that this vital link remains in place?
Public service obligations are vital for connecting the UK economy, and I think we currently have three.
I would be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the one affecting his constituency.
Whether she has had recent discussions with Alexander Dennis Ltd on the potential impact of the proposed closure of its Falkirk and Larbert bus manufacturing sites on her targets for public transport decarbonisation.
What steps she is taking to support the bus manufacturing sector.
I understand that this will be a deeply concerning time for workers at Alexander Dennis and their families.
It is important that the Government, at all levels, support British manufacturers, which is why I was proud to chair the launch meeting of this Government’s new UK bus manufacturing expert panel  on  13 March .
The panel aims to explore ways to ensure that the UK remains a leader in bus manufacturing.
My officials and I have been in close contact with Alexander Dennis, and I remain committed to working with it and relevant Government Departments to find a way forward.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which details my membership of Unite the union.
Once upon a time, Scotland was an industrial powerhouse—we made things—but last week, Alexander Dennis started a 45-day consultation with employees.
As it stands, hundreds of jobs will be lost from my constituency and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) .
Unite and the GMB have called for both the Scottish Government and the UK Government, the company and the unions to come together to find a solution to save those jobs and Scottish bus manufacturing.
There are changes to policy and legislation that could achieve this.
My constituents, the Alexander Dennis workers, want and need to know whether the UK Government are willing to do what it takes.
The £15.6 billion for regional transport projects over five years that we announced earlier this month will help to create a pipeline of investment for the zero emission bus market in the UK, while improving local transport for some of our largest regions.
As I said, we are in close contact with all relevant parties to consider how we can support Alexander Dennis.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for British buses.
As the Minister has outlined, this Labour Government will double real-terms transport spending in city regions by the end of this Parliament.
While this should be very good news for bus manufacturing in this country, Alexander Dennis—in my constituency and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) —is, in a contradictory move, seeking to end more than a century of bus manufacturing in Scotland and put 400 workers in Falkirk out of their jobs.
What actions will the Secretary of State and Ministers, in conjunction with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government, take to maintain strategically necessary bus manufacturing in Falkirk?
Labour mayors across the country are putting in orders for UK-manufactured buses, as we support bus travel in our towns and cities.
The Scottish people will be asking questions about why the Mayor of Greater Manchester has managed to buy almost four times as many buses from Scotland as the SNP Scottish Government have.
My officials and I are in close contact with Ministers and representatives from the Scottish Government, the Department for Business and Trade, the NFI Group—the owner of Alexander Dennis—and Scottish Enterprise to explore avenues of support.
What steps she is taking to improve the condition of the road network.
Potholes and poor road surfaces are a nuisance for drivers, cause damage to vehicles and can pose a real danger to road users.
To tackle the poor state of our roads following a decade of decline, this Government will provide £24 billion of capital funding over the spending review period to maintain and improve local roads and motorways across the country, delivering faster, safer and more reliable journeys.