Worcester Park is a station that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton and Cheam (Luke Taylor)
and I know well as it is on the boundary of both our constituencies, and I confirm that my constituents face the same issues of overcrowding.
SWR acquired 90 high-capacity Arterio trains to address this issue back in 2019, yet six years later only a handful  have entered service.
The UK taxpayer is currently spending over £5 million every month on leasing the Arterio fleet, and over £0.5 million additionally every month to store the unused trains.
Will the Minister confirm how many Arterio trains are now in use, whether the issues delaying roll-out have now been addressed, and whether he thinks that spending millions of pounds every month on unused trains is a good use of taxpayers’ money?
I am aware that another two of those trains are now in operation.
The new managing director is aware that this is a challenge and we are already beginning to see progress.
What steps she is taking to reduce the backlog for driving tests.
I know that many learners are still struggling to book a driving test.
We are working hard to reduce driving test wait times and help more people get on the road.
In April, the Secretary of State announced further measures, including doubling examiner training capacity and offering overtime pay incentives.
In May, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency launched a consultation on improving car driving test booking rules, which currently has over 30,000 responses.
Over 630,000 learners now have a test booked.
That number will rise as the DVSA increases test availability.
The post-covid backlog in driving tests was trending down under the last Government.
At the time of the general election, it had got to 521,000, which was still too high, but it was coming down.
Since this Government took over, the number has rocketed up to 600,000, a new record high, meaning that constituents like Oliver, in my Spelthorne constituency, have had to wait six months for a driving test.
The increasing delays in driving tests are putting a handbrake on growth and productivity, so whatever the Government are doing, can they do more of it and faster please?
We recognise that demand for driving tests has grown not just because of a covid backlog, but due to a long-term change in behaviour and demand for driving tests.
I am pleased to report that the changes we have introduced, particularly on overtime pay incentives, are making a difference.
The DVSA expects to deliver thousands of additional tests this month and is working to increase test availability further over the coming year, so that constituents like the hon.
Gentleman’s can obtain a test as soon as possible.
I understand how important this is, particularly to young people, and we do not want to curtail their life chances.
rose— Order.
I now have to move on to topical questions.
There will be disappointment for hon.
Members whose questions are next on the Order Paper, but that is because of the way questions have been grouped.
We really do need to think about why we are grouping questions that are not relevant to each other.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Earlier this month, the Chancellor’s spending review made it clear that national renewal must be felt everywhere, in every place and in every journey, and that is what this Government are delivering, starting with the biggest ever regional transport investment outside London: over £15 billion towards metro extensions in Newcastle and Birmingham, mass transit in West Yorkshire, and a new bus fleet in Liverpool.
But that is not all.
We are putting billions towards the trans-Pennine route upgrade, as well as East West Rail, and we are protecting the £3 bus fare cap until at least March 2027.
Today, we are going further: we are proud to announce that we are improving mobile connectivity in over 50 rail tunnels, and using satellite technology to strengthen wi-fi on all mainline trains to transform rail travel for passengers.
Finally, last week I revealed our shocking HS2 inheritance.
Make no mistake: we will fix that appalling mess and get the project back on track.
Our plan for change is under way, with better journeys for passengers and value for money for taxpayers.
The transport sector generates Britain’s highest emissions.
Through collaboration with France, we have the opportunity to transform the world’s busiest ferry route, across the strait of Dover between Britain and France, into the world’s first high-volume green shipping corridor.
Will the Minister commit to championing this great initiative in the UK and at the upcoming COP30?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right to highlight the importance of decarbonising our maritime industry and ensuring that our ports have the grid connections to enable fleets to purchase new vessels, so that we can get carbon emissions down on the seas, as well as elsewhere in our economy.
I would be very happy to talk to her further about what more we can do to champion that important work.