The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that reform to the welfare system has to be done with compassion and be carefully managed.
I am sure he also agrees that the system does need reform.
He is absolutely right that PIP is not an out-of-work benefit, but a benefit that helps to support disabled people with their living needs.
We have to ensure that it is sustainable for the long term, and is there for those who need it most.
As I have said, we are listening closely to colleagues from across the House—including, I am sure, Members from his party—who have a lot of experience of dealing with the PIP assessment process.
I am sure we all recognise that for too long it has been a box-ticking, degrading process that has not been fit for purpose.
That is why we have been reviewing it and listening closely to colleagues.
We want to get this right for disabled people, their carers and others.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about the parliamentary process.
As Leader of the House, with responsibility for legislation across the piece, I struggle to think of many Government Bills brought in this Session that have not been amended during their passage.
Most Bills are amended, and those amendments are usually made in Committee and on Report.
I am sure that this Bill will be considered in the usual way during its parliamentary passage.
The Leader of the House extols the virtue of parliamentary democracy, yet over half of MPs reject the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
We have spoken to our constituents and to organisations representing disabled people.
They reject the Bill, because it will cause harm to disabled people.
Their voices have  not been heard, much though we are trying to amplify them in this place.
Will the Leader of the House urge the Cabinet to withdraw the Bill, and instead allow a general debate on how we support disabled people?
My hon.
Friend has campaigned on these issues for a long time.
We have not yet voted on, or even considered, the Bill.
We will have an extensive and, I am sure, thorough parliamentary process in which to do that.
I ask colleagues to think about the principles of welfare reform on Second Reading, and to then really drill down into the details of the Bill as it passes through Parliament.
We have engaged with the disabled community.
We will continue to engage with colleagues from across the House and with stakeholders as we consider not just this Bill but the further welfare reform that is needed, which has to be, as I say, compassionate and considered, so that we have a system that is there for the long term for those who need it most.