The Minister is familiar with the campaign that I and neighbouring colleagues have been running for many years to improve the A180.
When will she have some good news for us?
I can already give the hon.
Member the good news about the £24 billion allocated in the spending review for improving our nation’s roads, and as he knows, National Highways is looking closely at what can be done on the road that leads to his constituency.
Peacehaven in my constituency is a growing town, but it remains a one-road-in, one-road-out town.
The daily gridlock and frequent roadworks on the A259 is the single biggest frustration and barrier to opportunity for my constituents.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can unlock that and provide a real boost to Peacehaven and neighbouring towns?
I appreciate how frustrating the situation is for my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
My officials are continuing to discuss details of the business case for the scheme with East Sussex county council, and I would of course be happy to meet him to discuss that further.
The Rapid Transition Alliance tells us that we can improve the quality of our roads if we support more people to use rail as a form of public transport.
That is one reason why I am campaigning to restore the direct train between Eastbourne and  London Bridge that was discontinued during the pandemic.
Will the Minister back my campaign, with a view to helping to improve our roads and improve economic growth for Eastbourne too?
That was a creative way of asking about railways in a question about roads.
This Government are committed to improving all forms of transport, so that people have a real choice about the best mode to use for their journey.
We are keen for people to have the choice of sustainable transport modes, including rail, walking and cycling, as well as driving and travelling on buses.
As the hon.
Member will see, the Government are investing huge amounts to support our rail industry, just as we are doing to support the state of our roads.
How much funding she plans to provide to increase the frequency of trains from stations in Sutton and Cheam constituency.
Rail services in Sutton and Cheam are supported by requirements on train operators to plan services and timetables to meet current and future passenger demand, ensuring value for money for the taxpayer.
Govia Thameslink Railway and South Western Railway are required to work collaboratively with the Department for Transport to develop future plans, and our Department holds them accountable for delivering for passengers.
Earlier this week I was contacted by a long-suffering commuter using Worcester Park station.
She wrote: “As a teacher my days are already demanding, often filled with pressure, high energy, and very little downtime.
Sadly, commuting to and from work now feels just as stressful.
Trains during peak hours are frequently so overcrowded that they feel unsafe and extremely uncomfortable.
What should be a straightforward journey has become an exhausting and frustrating part of my day.”
Now that South Western Railway is under Government control, will the Minister tell my constituents when we can expect to see the service and timetable finally improve for Worcester Park station?
Services returning to public ownership is a watershed moment for our railways and the beginning of our efforts to build Great British Railways, a new publicly owned organisation that runs our trains.
We want passengers to see improvements to their services now and, starting with SWR, each operator will have to meet rigorous bespoke performance standards on things such as punctuality, cancellations and passenger experience, so that we can begin to build a world-class public service.