The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
Economic growth is this Government’s top priority, and the Chancellor put growth right at the heart of her spending review, announcing more than £92 billion of capital investment in transport infrastructure to give people access to jobs and opportunities.
This includes long-term funding for our largest city regions, billions of pounds of investment in roads, hundreds of millions of pounds for walking and cycling, and delivering transformative projects such as the trans-Pennine route upgrade and East West Rail.
This will make a real difference to people’s lives up and down the country, now and in the future, showing the difference a Labour Government make.
Every French city with a population of more than 150,000 has a mass rapid transport system, yet over 30 UK cities or towns of that size still lack it.
Research from Centre for Cities shows that poor connectivity holds back growth and productivity by limiting mobility.
A key reason why we have so few is cost, because building a kilometre of track in the UK is twice as expensive as the European average.
Can the Secretary of State set out what her Department is doing to bring down costs and help kickstart a tram-building revolution?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that matter with me in person a few days ago and for sending me further information on the report and the research.
Trams do have the potential to support growth at much lower cost than heavy rail, but he is right that the cost per kilometre of new tramline is much more expensive in the UK than elsewhere in  Europe.
I have asked my officials to look into what we can do in this area as we look to unlock growth across the UK.
We have a proud community in St Athan in the Vale of Glamorgan that is both growing and thriving thanks to the economic opportunity provided by the Bro Tathan enterprise zone.
Will the Secretary of State work with Welsh colleagues to progress funding for a new railway station in St Athan to support that growth and provide dignity for the residents?
As we have seen in so many areas, the previous Government may have made promises about this station, but they allocated no feasibility or development funding to get the project moving.
Through the spending review and infrastructure strategy, this Government will provide at least £445 million of rail enhancements over the next 10 years to deliver long-term infrastructure needs in Wales, including new stations.
Details of how this funding will be allocated will be announced in due course.
My local economy on the Isle of Wight is entirely reliant on ferry services for the movement of people, the delivery of products and, in the case of tourism, for customers.
Will the Minister acknowledge just how important unregulated ferry services are for the entire economic wellbeing of the Isle of Wight?
I do recognise that issue.
The hon.
Member and his colleague on the Isle of Wight have raised this matter with me previously, and I am meeting his colleague directly after this question time to talk further.
The Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , hosted a meeting recently and we are considering what further we can do as a Department to support local leaders in finding a satisfactory resolution for his constituents.
A number of immediate airport expansions are now planned around the London area, which is fair enough, but there is some concern about the protection that is required for vital links to airports in the regions and nations of the rest of the UK.
Will the Minister provide an assurance that work will be done to protect those links and the local economies that rely on them?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have invited Heathrow to bring forward proposals for a third runway and we are expecting further information on that this summer.
We are clear that part of the expansion of Heathrow is about improving regional connectivity.
He will also be aware that we have provided airports such as Doncaster with Government money to support that reopening.