Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating my excellent local schools in Romford and Hornchurch—Ardleigh Green infant school, Dame Tipping Church of England primary school, Hornchurch high school, Parklands primary school, Squirrels Heath junior school, St Edward’s Church of England primary school, the Frances Bardsley academy for girls, and Towers infants school—for their superb Ofsted reports, both good and excellent?
Will she join me in promoting, as my local schools do, more British values, more patriotism, singing the national anthem at assembly, and flying the Union Jack outside every school across our country?
I join the hon.
Member in congratulating schools in his constituency on their recent Ofsted ratings.
The schools in all our constituencies do an amazing job in not just educating our young people, but giving them that full life experience about how to be good citizens—and good British citizens as well.
We thank them for all their work.
In the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced the largest devolution settlement in the history of the United Kingdom.
It is deeply concerning that despite the Government giving Scotland the funding that it needs to deliver vital public services, the SNP-run East Renfrewshire integration joint board has launched its second attempt to close the Mirin and Milldale day care centres, which provide essential services supporting people with learning and physical disabilities, autism, and older adults and children.
Will the Leader of the House join me in condemning those savage cuts by the SNP-run integration joint board, and call on the SNP to rethink and save those services?
My hon.
Friend makes a very strong case.
She is absolutely right that, after decades of failure under the SNP Government, local people are crying out for change.
We gave the Scottish Government the largest budget settlement in their history, and they have no excuse for not using it well.
My constituents are facing a crisis endured by people across the UK: a lack of access to basic dental care.
Siân Gwenllian, Member of the Senedd for Arfon, has commissioned a report that provides a compelling case for a dental school at Bangor University.
While the Welsh Government have acknowledged the potential benefits of the proposal, they cite financial constraints.
Given the promise of two Governments at both ends of the M4 working together, does the Leader of the House agree that time should be found to revise Wales’s financial settlement to make this vital proposal a reality?
The right hon.
Lady is right to raise the issue of dental deserts, which we see across the country, not just in Wales.
She will know that the previous Government did not invest in dentistry, and that has had a knock-on effect in Wales.
Many colleagues have raised with me the need for more dental schools.
I suggest that she clubs together with some colleagues to get a debate on that subject.
My constituency has recently hosted some fantastic community events.
We have had the world coal carrying championship, the annual Ossett and Gawthorpe maypole procession, the Horbury craft fair, the annual Shelley French lunch, and plenty of beer festivals—not to mention the upcoming galas across the constituency over the summer.
Could the Leader of the House support me in finding parliamentary time to celebrate the hard-working volunteers behind all these events, including Visit Ossett, and acknowledge their contribution to Yorkshire’s community, culture and local economy?
My hon.
Friend gives us a great advert for all that is going on in her constituency.
These sorts of events are important for attracting visitors and tourists to her constituency, Yorkshire and beyond.
The latest data from the Environment Agency shows nearly 17,000 reports of waste crime across England in the past year, with the west midlands sadly showing the highest concentration of incidents.
Waste crime costs the UK  economy around £1 billion annually, and no doubt the Labour-led Birmingham bin strikes are not helping.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the problem of waste crime and the need to take action to tackle both waste crime and the bin strikes, which have been going on for over 100 days?
The right hon.
Lady is right that fly-tipping and waste can blight communities and are a real problem, though I must say that incidents sky-rocketed and prosecutions fell under the previous Government.
That is why we are taking steps through the Crime and Policing Bill to give police and local authorities more powers to take off-road vehicles off the streets and to take tougher action on fly-tippers.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests and my support from trade unions.
This week we have heard extremely disturbing news that Northumbria police have destroyed all documents relating to the miners’ strike, including on Orgreave.
That is absolutely alarming.
The Labour Government have pledged an inquiry or investigation into the strikes, yet the wanton destruction of that vital, critical evidence has been allowed to happen.
Is this a sinister attempt to obscure justice?
I am not sure that anybody is prepared to answer that question.
Who gave the police permission to destroy these documents, and what is behind it?
Can we have an urgent debate into how the Government can instruct all police forces and all authorities—everyone that holds any detail on the miners’ strike and Orgreave—to retain that evidence for when the Labour Government maintain their pledge and hold an inquiry into the events of 1984?
Justice cannot be served if evidence is systematically and deliberately destroyed.
That sounds like a deeply worrying development in the case, and I am sure the whole House will be shocked to hear it.
My hon.
Friend has long campaigned for justice and answers to what happened at Orgreave, 41 years ago.
He raised the issue with me last week and I will continue to raise it with Ministers on his behalf.
I join him in telling anyone involved that they must retain their records, and when questions are asked, they must come forward with every bit of information they have on what happened, as they would be expected to.
My constituents constantly tell me that Thames Water is failing in its duties and has no financial future.
In spite of its failings, we are reliant on it for the most basic human needs of water and sanitation.
Will the Leader of the House allow us Government time to scrutinise in detail the merits of turning Thames Water into a public benefit company?
We urgently need to restore public trust in the water sector; that is particularly true of Thames Water, whose performance has been extremely poor over many years.
There are lots of concerns about it.
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, we brought in the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, the first step to reforming our water system.
We have commissioned a deep look at the water governance sector.
Further announcements will be coming on that, hopefully before the recess.
Sadeq Nikzad has been convicted of a horrifying sexual assault in Falkirk in October 2023.
Shamefully, Mr Nikzad continues to maintain that he has done nothing wrong; during sentencing, his lawyer claimed that this was due to cultural differences.
To be clear, no one from any culture or background in our community believes that his actions were anything other than disgusting and criminal.
Will the Leader of the House clarify that, once it is in force, clause 48 of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will ensure that those who commit such serious offences will be unable to claim refugee status in our country ever again?
Obviously, I cannot comment on specific cases, but this one sounds truly shocking.
Clause 48 of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will give the Home Secretary powers to refuse refugee status to those convicted of any sexual offence, even when it does not result in a prison sentence of 12 months or more.
We are determined to ensure that those who commit such crimes do not get the right to stay in this country.
Brilliant organisations such as citizenAID, which was co-founded by two of my former bosses, Major General Tim Hodgetts and Professor Sir Keith Porter, provide brilliant education about civil resilience and emergency preparedness.
In an increasingly uncertain world, will the Leader of the House commit to Government time for a debate on that really important issue, so that we are upskilling our citizens in case of serious incidents?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking all those involved in citizenAID in his constituency.
It sounds like a great initiative.
He is absolutely right: we need more contingency provision and to train people up so they know what to do during these kinds of incidents.
When they happen, we always rely on volunteers and volunteer organisations like the one he has described.
This sounds like a good topic for an Adjournment debate.
HS2 has impacted many residents across Tamworth, with businesses and farmers having been forced to sell their land.
One resident has been trapped for nearly 10 years with a property that borders HS2.
He is unable to sell because 50% of the land occupies what HS2 claims is safeguarding territory.
Despite the involvement of three solicitors, HS2 has failed to explain that ruling.
May I therefore ask for a statement to the House on when the statutory blight will be lifted on land no longer needed for HS2, so that my constituents, along with those of other hon.
Members, can move on with their lives?
That case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency sounds really difficult.
As she will be aware, the Secretary of State recently came to the House to explain more deeply the shocking mismanagement of HS2.
We are determined to get a grip of that and get delivery back under control.
We are reviewing the position on HS2 phase 2 and will set out more plans shortly, including about the safeguarding of land.
My constituent Liz was thrown out of the RAF in 1969 when a love letter from her girlfriend was discovered.
Not only did  she lose her career but, as she recently discovered, she has had a criminal record for 50 years.
The compensation scheme for veterans has been open since December last year, but the discharge of funds for those suffering such injustice is slow: 1,000 veterans have applied, but only 44 payments have been realised.
Will the Leader of the House please make time for a debate about the process, so that those who have waited for decades can finally be compensated?
We have all been shocked by these cases; I am sorry to hear about what Liz has suffered.
For so many years, those who were gay were not able to be in the armed forces.
That they were treated in such appalling ways, getting criminal records and losing the jobs they adored, is truly shocking.
I was really pleased that we recently had a debate on these matters on the Floor of the House, but I will absolutely ensure that she and other Members are updated on the delivery of that compensation scheme and of justice for those involved.
This weekend, the England women’s football team play their final friendly before they defend the Euro championship trophy they won so brilliantly in 2022.
I am delighted to say that Rochdale’s very own Keira Walsh will again wear the No. 4 shirt at the heart of our midfield.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking and wishing Keira and the Lionesses all the very best of luck and in thanking her proud mum and dad, Tracy and Peter, for what they did in producing such an inspiring figure for women and girls across the country?
I am sure that the whole House will join my hon.
Friend and me in wishing the Lionesses well in defending their title.
What joy winning the Euros four years ago brought to us all.
I join him in thanking Tracy and Peter for bringing up their daughter and for all the drop-offs and pick-ups, and all the time and energy, that go into creating someone as brilliant as Keira Walsh.
I do not know if the Leader of the House is aware that if we installed just 15% of floating solar panels on the man-made reservoirs in this country, we would double the installed base of solar power without having to put a single new solar panel on agricultural land.
I know what she is thinking: “If only some plucky Back Bencher had secured today’s Adjournment debate, the House could learn more.”
I am happy to say that I have, so will she encourage Back Benchers from across the House to attend today’s debate to learn more about floating solar?
I am pleased to confirm that the hon.
Gentleman is a very plucky Back Bencher indeed.
I am sure that many will be interested in his Adjournment debate.
I look forward to hearing what the Minister has to say, because it sounds like a great idea.
My constituent Danielle Wiseman is desperate to pass her theory test, but she was recently told that she cannot get a theory test in Gateshead until 2026.
Will the Leader of the House make time for the urgent debate needed on access to theory tests and driving tests—an issue that bedevils people in Gateshead and  across the country?
Also, if she will allow me, will she congratulate Danielle and her partner David on the upcoming birth of their child?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Danielle and David on the upcoming birth of their child.
It is so important, as a parent, to be able to drive around, so I am sorry to hear about the delays they are experiencing.
This matter gets raised with me lots at business questions.
The Government have recently taken steps to deal with the abuse of and the huge backlog in the driving test system.
We are delivering around 10,000 additional driving tests, but I will ensure that the House is updated on the matter.
In recent weeks and months, Harrogate has been gridlocked, with seemingly unco-ordinated roadworks blocking our town.
It is particularly difficult for businesses when those works go on for protracted periods of times—and when they already face Labour’s jobs tax.
Will the Leader of the House agree to look at a compensation scheme for businesses affected for long periods by roadworks?
Really badly delivered roadworks, which are often unco-ordinated, can be a huge blight on local businesses, town centres and others.
I hear what the hon.
Member is saying.
These are the responsibilities of local councils and we are putting more money into making sure that roads can be put right, but I will definitely ensure that he gets a reply.
One in four women experience mental health challenges during pregnancy or after birth; in fact, it is the most common complication of pregnancy in the UK.
Last month, almost 50 hon.
Members of this House pledged their support for improved maternal mental health provision at an event that I hosted with the Maternal Mental Health Alliance.
Will the Leader of the House advise on further opportunities to embed better maternal mental health provision in the Government’s 10-year plan for the NHS?