I join the hon.
Gentleman in wishing everybody who is celebrating this weekend in his constituency and beyond a happy chariot festival, as I think it is also known.
I hope that he and others keep cool, wear suncream and drink lots of water on their downhill walk.
Yesterday’s resignation of the Reform leader of Warwickshire county council and his replacement with an 18-year-old will be of real concern to my constituents.
We desperately need a functioning council to fill in potholes, deliver our care services and end the crisis in education for those with special education needs and disabilities.
While I am sorry to hear about Councillor Rob Howard’s health challenges and wish him and his family well, questions remain about how he came to resign after just six weeks in the job, and about the qualifications of his 18-year-old replacement.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on the need for competent and effective local government that delivers for communities around the country?
I am sorry to hear of Rob Howard’s ill health.
My hon.
Friend raises a much broader and more important point about the Reform party in local government.
Reform is committed to reducing the head- count in local government, and its councillors clearly got the memo and are acting on it; they are resigning in droves.
The constituency of Bromsgrove and the villages is 89% green belt.
Under this Labour Government, our housing target has gone up by 85%, yet nearby Birmingham has had its housing target reduced by 20%, despite there being at least 140 hectares of brownfield land in the south of the city alone.
Surely the Leader of the House agrees that that does not make sense.
If it does make sense to her, could she explain it to my constituents?
We make no apology for having the most ambitious house building programme in a generation.
That programme is locally led; it is about local plans that bring together a strategic view of what land is available and its best use.
Those decisions should be taken locally.
My constituents regularly contact me about the need to improve dementia care.
I remember the impact that dementia had on my grandparents and my family, so I sympathise profoundly with everyone impacted by it.
I was therefore delighted when my constituent Joy Watson was awarded the British empire medal in the King’s birthday honours in recognition of her inspiring work as a dementia champion.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Joy on her fantastic achievement, and send the best wishes of this House to Joy and her husband Tony, and will she consider a debate in Government time on how we can enhance dementia services?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Joy Watson, and we send our best to her and her husband Tony.
Like thousands of others across the country, they live with dementia every day.
We thank the carers who support those living with dementia.
This  Government are committed to dementia services and making sure that we have the best research and innovation on dementia.
The Health Secretary will continue to keep the House updated as part of his 10-year plan.
June is Gypsy, Roma and Traveller History Month, celebrating the colourful histories and contributions of those communities.
People are drawn to Glastonbury and Somerton as a place of pilgrimage, because of its unique spiritual heritage.
After the Conservative cuts, we have no sites across Somerset for our Gypsy, Roma, and Traveller communities.
Can we have a debate in Government time on support for the Gypsy, Roma and Traveller community?
As the hon.
Lady is the MP for the Glastonbury festival site—or an area close to the site—may I join her in welcoming all those going to the festival this weekend, where it is likely to be very hot?
She raises an important point about the Gypsy/Roma community and the need to support it where we can.
This would make a really good topic for a debate.
This is Armed Forces Week, and as we celebrate the contribution of our armed forces, we must do more to support those who serve our country.
Too many of our veterans return home with post-traumatic stress disorder, for which there are few treatment options.
Since December 2023, the Home Office has been sitting on a response to the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs report on barriers to research on schedule 1 substances, including MDMA and psilocybin, which are used in other jurisdictions such as Australia to treat PTSD.
Can the Leader of the House please find out where this response is, and arrange for a debate in Government time on novel treatments for mental health conditions?