Stuart's most prominent community role is as Executive

Director of Partners for Children and Families, a private nonprofit

organization promoting early childhood development in Moore County.
Stuart's dedication to the people of Moore County is without

question.
His many years of service are both commendable and inspiring.
I know I speak for everyone in our community when I say that we are

grateful for all he has done to improve the place we call home.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Stuart Mills on being

named Man of the Year and to thank him for all he has done for the

people of Moore County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF MICHAEL ELLIOTT FOX

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of

Michael E. Fox, Sr.,
a strong force for good in the South Bay who died

on November 3, 2023, at the age of 87.
Michael Fox was born in Chicago on September 23, 1936 and attended

Bishop Quarter Military Academy there, Campion Jesuit High School in

Wisconsin, graduated from Notre Dame University in Indiana, and earned

a degree in Brewing Science and Technology from the Siebel Institute of

Technology in Chicago.
He met his wife Mary Ellen in Illinois, and the

couple moved to California.
They bought a home in Saratoga in 1965 and

acquired a small beer distributorship, which grew from 10 employees to

more than 200 during 50 years of business.
Michael Fox and Mary Ellen were renowned for their extraordinary

philanthropy, and he held leadership roles in countless charitable

organizations.
His good works earned him accolades such as Santa Clara

County Philanthropist of the Year, two Papal awards, and an Honorary

Degree of Doctor of Public Service from Santa Clara University.
Mike Fox was deeply devoted to his family and his Catholic faith, and

his commitment to both inspired his life and brought him great joy.
He

was kind and affable and mentored many people over the years, ran

marathons and loved Broadway musicals.
Any cause that would uplift

others became his cause.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in

honoring the life and work of Michael Fox, and in extending our most

sincere condolences to his entire family.
He was a good man who did

great things to better our communities and strengthen our country.
Mike

Fox was a national treasure.