Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating St. Charles West High School on their victory

in Missouri's Class 3 Girls' Team Cross-Country Championship.
By claiming the Class 3 title, the Warriors are now state champions

for the second consecutive year.
Every member of the team performed

admirably, beating out their closest competition by nearly 100 points.
The team should be commended for all their hard work throughout the

past year and for bringing home a state championship to their school

and community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the St. Charles West

Girls' Cross-Country Team for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ST.
DOMINIC GIRLS' GOLF ON THEIR CLASS 3 STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating the St. Dominic Girls Golf Team on their

victory in Missouri's Class 3 Team Girls' Golf State Championship.
The Crusaders claimed the Class 3 title by dominating their

competition.
By the end of the first day, the team held a 17-shot

advantage and never looked back as they went on to win by 42 strokes.
The team should be commended for all their hard work throughout the

past year and for bringing home a state championship to their school

and community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the St. Dominic Girls'

Golf Team for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING R.J. CORMAN RAILROAD GROUP

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a unique and important

business, R.J. Corman Railroad Group, which is headquartered in

Nicholasville, Kentucky.
The company is celebrating its 50th

anniversary in 2023.
R.J. Corman Railroad Group was founded in 1973 in Central Kentucky by

visionary entrepreneur and philanthropist Richard J. Corman with a

single backhoe and a dump truck.
The company now operates in 24 states

and more than 70 locations throughout our nation.
R.J. Corman Railroad

Group employs more than 1,400 people, over 500 of which are based in

the state of Kentucky.
R.J. Corman Railroad Group's numerous services encompass railroad

construction, short line railroad operations, industrial switching

services, transloading operations, emergency response services, track

material logistics, distribution centers, signal design and

construction, and My Old Kentucky Dinner Train.
The company serves six

Class I freight railroads, many regional and short line railroads, as

well as various rail-served industries.
R.J. Corman Railroad Company

operates three short line railroads serving multiple regions of the

state contributing to the economic development of the corresponding

communities.
Through its dedicated employees, R.J. Corman Railroad

Group strives to be the best-in-class service provider in the industry

through its total commitment to customer satisfaction, increasing

efficient operations while providing an ever-improving safe, and

rewarding work environment.
R.J. Corman Railroad Group is a highly respected Kentucky business.
As the company celebrates its 50th anniversary, I congratulate all

their employees and wish them a bright future.
I am honored to

recognize this company before the United States Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SAISHA WHITE

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service of

Saisha White, my legislative assistant who has dedicated her time to

serving the people of Florida's 24th Congressional District.
A Cleveland native, Saisha moved to Florida to obtain her law degree

at Florida A&M University after obtaining her bachelor's at Miami

University.
Her time in law school inspired her passion to secure

equity and opportunities across marginalized communities.
Saisha came to my office ready to make a difference.
She worked her

way up to becoming my legislative assistant, handling my Transportation

& Infrastructure Committee work.