In 2011, Sergeant

Sorensen was reassigned to the Uniformed Division, and served as the

Officer in Charge of the 2nd Platoon.
Through his outstanding work,

shortly after his previous promotion, Sergeant Sorensen earned the rank

of Lieutenant, and served as commander of the 1st Platoon until 2018.
In 2020, he earned the rank of Captain, and commanded the Uniformed

Patrol Division, and was honored with the position of Deputy Chief

position in 2021.
Along with his impressive law enforcement record, Deputy Chief Dennis

Sorensen is a decorated Veteran of the United States Army, wherein he

served honorably for 30 years, achieving the rank of Colonel.
He earned

his Bachelor's degree and military commission from the California

University of Pennsylvania, and served in myriad and vast leadership

positions, deployments, and training schools; of particular note,

earning the coveted status of Master Army Aviator.
His military awards

and decorations include: Army Meritorious Service Medal; Army

Commendation Medal; Army Achievement Medal; Army Reserve Component

Achievement Medal; National Defense Service Medal; Global War on

Terrorism Service Medal; Kosovo Campaign Medal; Iraq Campaign Medal;

Armed Forces Reserve Medal; Army Service Ribbon; Overseas Service

Ribbon; NATO Medal; the Master Army Aviator Badge; the Pennsylvania

Meritorious Service Ribbon; Pennsylvania Service Ribbon; Pennsylvania

Twenty Year Service Medal; Pennsylvania General Thomas J. Stewart

Medal; and the Pennsylvania Major General R. White Jr. Medal.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored and privileged to recognize Deputy Chief

Dennis J. Sorensen on his well-earned retirement from the City

Harrisburg Police Bureau.
His tireless, faithful, and selfless service

of more than 39 years to community, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,

and the United States of America sets the standard by which we all

should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
ROBERT H. BERNARD

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Robert H.

Bernard for his outstanding service and leadership as Board Chair for

Operation Refuge, a grassroots organization based in Western Wayne

County.
Operation Refuge provides essential services like emergency food

assistance and youth programming to some of the most underserved

populations in Wayne County and whose mission is to serve the community

with compassion, empathy, and integrity.
As Board Chair, Dr. Bernard

leads with this mission as his top priority.
He has worked tirelessly

to foster community development and promote career-driven and

educational opportunities for the youth.
Dr. Bernard has gone above and

beyond to ensure that youth programs, such as Camp Inspire, are

inviting and fulfilling and that youth scholarship funding is plentiful

and available.
Overall, Dr. Bernard's leadership

and service at Operation Refuge has made a long-lasting, positive

impact on the community.
His care for the youth and people of this

community is evident and overflowing.
Please join me in acknowledging Dr. Robert H. Bernard for his

passionate leadership and dedicated service to Operation Refuge and the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STUART MILLS BEING NAMED AS THE MAN OF THE YEAR BY THE

MOORE COUNTY COMMUNITY FOUNDATION

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr, Speaker, I rise today to honor Stuart Mills on being

named as the Man of the Year by the Moore County Community Foundation.
Stuart Mills' impact on Moore County is similarly robust and wide

ranging.
He has and continues to work in many important community

leadership roles, including as Chairman of The Given Tufts Foundation,

director of Pinehurst's Village Heritage Foundation, as well as board

Chairman and trustee of The O'Neal School.
Likewise, Governor Roy

Cooper appointed Stuart to North Carolina's Financial Literacy Council

last year.
Stuart's most prominent community role is as Executive

Director of Partners for Children and Families, a private nonprofit

organization promoting early childhood development in Moore County.
Stuart's dedication to the people of Moore County is without

question.
His many years of service are both commendable and inspiring.