Her time in law school inspired her passion to secure

equity and opportunities across marginalized communities.
Saisha came to my office ready to make a difference.
She worked her

way up to becoming my legislative assistant, handling my Transportation

& Infrastructure Committee work.
In her time as my legislative

assistant, she managed my proposed legislation, amendments--many of

which were included in critical legislation and advocated for critical

issues to better the lives of those across the country.
Known for her dedication to giving back and empowering others, one of

Saisha's greatest attributes is her selflessness.
Her willingness to

continually give back is one of her many attributes that will

inevitably result in success in this field.
Saisha's heart is dedicated to equity for Black and brown

communities, and she is moving on from my office to continue that work.
Upon transitioning from my office, Saisha will go on to advocate for

safer communities, criminal justice reform, and civil rights access for

marginalized communities.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Saisha White for her drive and

dedication to public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SENATOR JIM PERRY FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF NORTH

CAROLINA

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Senator Jim Perry for

his great service to the state of North Carolina and to offer my best

wishes as he enters the next chapter of his career.
Earlier this month, Jim announced that he would not file for re-

election for the North Carolina Senate after serving three terms.
Jim

has served in the state senate since 2019, and in that time, did much

to support his constituents of the 2nd district and the state as a

whole.
He is a staunch supporter of North Carolina's agricultural

industry, rural communities as well as our military personnel.
What's

more--Jim is a leader within the Senate itself, currently serving as

Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and is a Member of the

Committees on Commerce and Insurance Health Care, Redistricting and

Elections and Rules and Operations of the Senate.
In his time, he's

served in leadership roles on numerous other Committees.
Furthermore,

he also serves as Majority Whip, to which he was elected unanimously

during his first term in office.
Jim is a born and bred son of North Carolina, great American and dear

friend.
Jim's dedication to service and constant willingness to step up

when needed is commendable and inspiring.
It has been an honor serving

the people of North Carolina alongside him and I wish him the best in

all his future endeavors.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing Senator Jim Perry

for his service to our community and the great state of North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF BILLY HICKS

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a legendary man, Billy

Hicks.
He was a renowned basketball coach at Scott County High School

in Georgetown, Kentucky.
He passed away on December 3, 2023.
Coach Hicks was born in Harlan County, Kentucky on August 23, 1952,

to a coal mining family.
As a child, he dreamed of coaching as a way

out of the mines.
He played basketball at Evarts High School in Harlan

County.
Coach Hicks earned a scholarship to Wofford College, where he

continued to play basketball and graduated in 1974.
Billy Hicks coached

basketball at Evarts High School, Harlan High School, and Corbin High

School.
He then was hired at Scott County High School, where he coached

for 25 years.
Coach Hicks retired in 2019 as the winningest coach in

Kentucky basketball history, with 1,023 wins.
His Scott County teams

won two state championships, in 1998 and 2007.