JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the critical

contributions of Mr. Mychal Threets to the Solano County community.
As

the Supervising Librarian at the Fairfield Civic Center Library and a

social media content creator, Mr. Threets impacted the lives of

countless youth in the Solano community and beyond.
As a homeschooled student in Solano County, Mr. Threets grew up

taking advantage of the wide array of resources and services offered at

his local library and received his first library card at just five

years old.
After earning his master's degree in library information

science, Mr. Threets began working at the Fairfield Civic Center

Library in 2013 and helped expand the library programs and resources

that were fundamental to his education.
With the growing mental health crisis and declining literacy rates,

Mr. Threets took to social media to discuss the vital emotional health

resources and educational services that libraries provide.
He wanted to

ensure people knew that libraries are not just places with books but

offer something for everyone.
Through his social media posts, Mr.

Threets shared stories about the vital role libraries play in people's

lives and the ``library joy'' he sees in action every day.
Mr. Threets

used his viral social media presence to spread kindness and inspire

American youth to fall in love with reading and libraries, just as he

did.
For his advocacy and outspoken love of libraries, Mr. Threets was one

of 10 librarians across the country to win the I Love My Librarian

Award for Public Service.
While Mr. Threets will be stepping away from

his role in the Solano County Library, I know he will continue striving

to improve the Solano community and increase literacy rates for young

children.
I look forward to seeing his work to expand access to

educational resources and make our communities more inclusive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BETTY HOLZENDORF

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is in the spirit of

bereavement that I rise to recognize the remarkable life of former

Florida State Senator Betty Holzendorf.
As a dedicated public servant,

community leader, and advocate for social justice, her impact on the

city of Jacksonville and the great State of Florida and its people will

be felt for generations to come.
Senator Holzendorf passed away on February 29, 2024 at the age of 84.
As a lifelong resident of Jacksonville, Senator Holzendorf dedicated

her life to the betterment of her community.
She received her

bachelor's degree from Edward Waters University and her master's in

educational administration from the University of North Florida, the

latter of which has a road named after her on campus.
As a former public school teacher and administrator at her alma

mater, Edward Waters University, she was committed to quality education

and began her career in public service in 1975 as an affirmative action

officer under Jacksonville Mayor Hans Tanzler.
Following several years

of service in this role, she joined the staff of Jacksonville Mayor

Jake Godbold as City Council liaison, where she developed the political

skills that would catapult her into the Florida House of

Representatives in 1988.
Throughout her esteemed career, Senator Holzendorf championed causes

that uplifted the most vulnerable members of her community.
Whether it

was fighting for affordable housing, advocating for quality education,

or promoting access to healthcare, she never wavered in her dedication

to improving the lives of her constituents, especially children.
Senator Holzendorf's passion for justice and equality was matched

only by her unwavering determination to create positive change.
After

four years in the Florida House, she served with distinction in the

Florida State Senate from 1992 to 2002, where her leadership earned her

the respect and admiration of colleagues on both sides of the aisle.
Beyond her legislative accomplishments, Senator Holzendorf was a

pillar of her community, known for her kindness, compassion, and

incredible cooking.