Senator Holzendorf's passion for justice and equality was matched

only by her unwavering determination to create positive change.
After

four years in the Florida House, she served with distinction in the

Florida State Senate from 1992 to 2002, where her leadership earned her

the respect and admiration of colleagues on both sides of the aisle.
Beyond her legislative accomplishments, Senator Holzendorf was a

pillar of her community, known for her kindness, compassion, and

incredible cooking.
Her impact extended far beyond the boundaries of

Tallahassee and Jacksonville, truly touching the lives of countless

individuals throughout Florida.
My heart is with Senator Holzendorf's family during this time of

mourning.
May they find solace in knowing that her legacy will live on

in the hearts and minds of all who had the privilege of knowing her,

and may her memory be for a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETURN OF SHEN YUN TO THE DAVID H. KOCH THEATER AT LINCOLN

CENTER IN NEW YORK CITY

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the return of the Shen Yun

Performing Arts Company to the David H. Koch theater at Lincoln Center

in New York City in April 2024.
Shen Yun Performing Arts was established in New York in 2006 and has

become a worldwide phenomenon as they travel to 180 cities every year

to perform.
Millions of people travel to see this unique performance

time and time again and with the development of new dances each year,

the performers, choreographers, and conductors continually develop an

amazing show for all to enjoy.
The ancient Chinese traditions that are rooted in virtue, faith, and

moral values are brought to life in the performances that feature

dancing and singing with performers wearing intricate costumes.
Artistic freedom is essential to a society and Shen Yun expresses that

ideal in the face of continued opposition from the Chinese government.
I had the privilege of meeting many members of the Shen Yun community

located in my distict and watched the performance in Washington, D.C.

It was a huge honor to see such talent.
I want to thank the members of Shen Yun for their great success thus

far and wish them all the best performing at Lincoln Center.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE WASHINGTON, D.C. AREA HELICOPTER NOISE INFORMATION

EXCHANGE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I introduce the Washington, D.C. Area

Helicopter Noise Information Exchange Act, which would require the

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to create and implement a

helicopter noise-sharing mechanism for all helicopter operators in the

National Capital Region (NCR) and to make such mechanism accessible to

the public online.
I got this bill included in the Securing Growth and

Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act (H.R. 3935), which the House

passed last year.
Residents of the NCR have been plagued by helicopter noise for years.
Yet, there is no centralized complaint system nor any comprehensive

data about helicopter noise in the NCR Helicopter noise can harm

health, quality of life, and the structural integrity of homes.
In

2019, I led members of the NCR in requesting that the Government

Accountability Office (GAO) study helicopter noise in the NCR.
In 2021,

GAO recommended that the FAA implement a noise sharing mechanism for

helicopter operators in the NCR.
In 2022, the FAA initiated a pilot program with a private company to

create a helicopter noise sharing mechanism in the NCR.
After the end

of the pilot program, Fairfax and Arlington Counties contracted with

the private company to maintain such a mechanism solely for Northern

Virginia.
However, the company is not required to share the collected

data with any jurisdictions, other than those in Northern Virginia, or

the public.