In 2022, the FAA initiated a pilot program with a private company to

create a helicopter noise sharing mechanism in the NCR.
After the end

of the pilot program, Fairfax and Arlington Counties contracted with

the private company to maintain such a mechanism solely for Northern

Virginia.
However, the company is not required to share the collected

data with any jurisdictions, other than those in Northern Virginia, or

the public.
The FAA must be involved in the collection and analysis of

helicopter noise data in the NCR to effectively address the impacts on

the public, and the public has a right to know the source of the noise.
This bill would direct the creation of a more effective information

sharing mechanism, which would allow for better, more comprehensive

data on helicopter noise complaints.
This data would in turn help us

develop solutions to address helicopter noise.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TAMPA BAY'S TRAILBLAZER WALLACE Z. BOWERS, IN HONOR OF

BLACK HISTORY MONTH

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

celebrate the remarkable contributions and achievements of a

distinguished individual of the Tampa Bay community, Mr. Wallace Z.

Bowers.
Supported by his wife, Lois Bowers, and son, Warren Lyle

Bowers, his lifelong dedication to community service, advocacy, and

leadership embodies the spirit of stewardship we all must strive

towards.
Mr. Bowers grew up in Bascom, FL, the 11th of 13 children.
In

describing his upbringing, Mr. Bowers considered himself a ``country

boy,'' and often recalls the lessons of hard work and ``making a

difference'' which his parents instilled in him and his siblings.
This

foundation inspired a call to service in the U.S. Army and later, his

decades of community service within the Tampa Bay community.
After

returning from military service, Mr. Bowers moved to Tampa, Florida,

eventually settling in a little community called Progress Village.
He

went on to study at the University of Tampa, Tampa Bible College and

Florida Theological Seminary & Bible College.
Mr. Bowers was an early member of the Progress Village Civic Council,

a Tampa-based community organization which played a pivotal role in

offsetting the displacement of African Americans during the Civil

Rights era.
He also co-founded and served as President from 1986 until

1996 of the Progress Village Foundation which provides scholarships to

local students.
Mr. Bowers also played a pivotal role in rezoning

negotiations with the Hillsborough County Commission, resulting in

significant benefits for the community, including the revitalization of

the Progress Village Park, and various other improvements.
Mr. Bowers' commitment to public service is also exemplified by his

Gubernatorial appointment to the Florida Housing Authority from 1983 to

1989, where he served as Chair during the later years of his tenure.
Additionally, his dedication to transportation and community

development is reflected in his roles as a county appointee to the

Hillsborough County Regional Transit Authority (HART) and as a past

member of the Hillsborough County Metropolitan Planning Organization

(MPO) Board and Tampa Streetcar Board.
Throughout his life Mr. Bowers has invested in the communities and

people of Tampa.
And often recalling his parents' teachings of hard

work and making a difference, Mr. Bowers was always aware of his higher

calling as a spiritual leader.
He was the Vice Moderator of the Mount

Pilgrim Association for six years and is currently a member of the

Progressive M & E Baptist State Convention of Florida and National

Baptist Convention of America International, Inc. As a licensed and

ordained minister, he led and pastored the Saint Mary Missionary

Baptist Church from 1996 to 2018 being given the honorary title of

Pastor Emeritus.
In 1970, Mr. Bowers founded his own real estate business and has been

practicing for over five decades.
His entrepreneurial spirit also led

him to own and operate Bowers Barber Shop.