HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the life of

Mr. Ellison Capers ``E.C.'' Grayson, Jr. and offer my sympathy to his

family.
E.C. Grayson, born in 1928 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, was known

for his vibrant personality, dedication to family and friends, and

lifelong commitment to civil service.
From his early achievements as an

Eagle Scout, student leader, and athlete, to his distinguished career

in the U.S. Navy, serving during the Korean war and as Assistant

Secretary of the Navy under President Reagan, and later as a successful

CEO and leader, E.C. left a lasting impact on all who knew him,

celebrated in a Memorial Mass on March 1, 2024, in Tiburon, California.
We deeply appreciate his exemplary service and personal courage, which

epitomized the highest traditions of Navy service.
I include in the

Record the following obituary for E.C. Grayson, Jr.:

Ellison Capers ``E.C.'' Grayson, passed away peacefully and

faithfully on January 13, 2024, in La Quinta, Calif.

E.C. was born in Saint Paul, Minn., on September 7, 1928,

son of Ellison Capers Grayson, Sr.
and Inez Santos Grayson;

and brother of Richard A. Grayson, Esq.
E.C. will always be

remembered for his big smile, boundless energy, eternal

optimism, devotion to duty, honor, country, and his deep love

of family and friends.
E.C. loved the magic of relationships,

knew everyone, and delighted in connecting them.
E.C. was raised in St. Paul, Minn., and was a student

leader and athlete.
He was an Eagle Scout, President of

Central High School, a lifeguard, and a varsity football

player.
At the University of Minnesota, E.C. was President of

Sigma Alpha Epsilon and the Inter-Fraternity Council.
He

loved his summers on the Isle of Palms, S.C., where his

family had a long history.
E.C. was an athlete his entire

life, still swimming at 95.
He loved tennis, downhill skiing,

running, rowing on the Bay and playing water polo on the

Olympic Club team.
As a member of the Saint Francis and

Corinthian Yacht Clubs, he loved racing around the Bay on

``The Darby'' to the delight of his granddaughters and their

friends.
After graduation, E.C. joined the U.S. Navy as an officer

during the Korean war.
From his ship, he witnessed a nuclear

detonation test off the Bikini Atoll.
His active duty took

him across the Pacific and ultimately, to San Francisco,

where he met the love of his life, Jean Amy Mason.
She was a

flight attendant for United Airlines and for President Dwight

Eisenhower during his presidential campaign.
E.C. and Jean

were engaged in Honolulu and married on Treasure Island Naval

Base on December 26, 1953.
They spent their honeymoon driving

through Europe for three months and returned home to San

Francisco aboard the QE II.
Thereafter, E.C. had a successful career as an insurance

industry CEO.
He was very active in civic affairs, including

as President of St. Mary's Hospital and The Navy League, a

Regent at Saint Ignatius College Prep, Commanding Officer of

a Naval Intelligence Reserve unit and an advisor to Mayors

George Moscone and Dianne Feinstein and Governor Pete Wilson.
In 1981, President Ronald Reagan appointed E.C. as the

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
He received numerous awards,

including the Navy's Distinguished Civilian Service medal.
After serving in the Pentagon, E.C. returned to San Francisco

and joined Spencer Stuart, becoming one of the country's top

``headhunters'' of Fortune 500 CEO's, CFO's, and board

members, In later years, E.C. joined the Grayson Group as

senior advisor and loving mentor to its founder, Laurie

Grayson.
E.C. especially loved The Bohemian Club and Grove.
He was a

true Bohemian in spirit and deed.
He also greatly enjoyed The

Alfalfa Club, The Knights of Malta, The Metropolitan Club of

Washington, D.C., and serving on The Guardsmen board.
He was

a member of The Springs Country Club in Rancho Mirage and a

devout parishioner of St. Hilary Church in Tiburon.