Title: COMMEMORATING THE WORK OF THE NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
39

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE WORK OF THE NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the work of the Navy

Federal Credit Union and its strong support for the military community

throughout California and the United States.
With a statewide

membership totaling almost 1.5 million, with 18,000 residing in my

district, I applaud the work they do everyday to ensure that our

beloved servicemembers have access to convenient financial services.
Spread throughout its 50 branches in California, the Navy Federal

Credit Union has worked tirelessly for the past 90 years to ensure that

their mission of being the preferred financial institution to members

of the military and their families stands true.
As a member-owned and

not-for-profit credit union, their worldwide membership consists of

13.3 million members.
Additionally, they have 356 branches worldwide,

ensuring that all servicemembers can take advantage of their services

and products in the pursuit of financial wellbeing.
Furthermore, their awards and recognition speak to the impact of

their mission for both their employees and members.
With branches

spread across the United States and the world, they've proven that they

provide a well-rounded workplace for their employees.
Most notably,

they have been awarded the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For and

have been named a Top Workplace by the

Washington Post.
In addition, they have proven to have a strong

military focus when they were named the Best Military Bank/Credit Union

by the US News and World Report.
Their member-focused mission, including serving with compassion,

putting members first, and championing community helps to ensure that

there is a strong understanding of the needs for service members, while

displaying integrity and honesty in their services.
I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the work of the Navy

Federal Credit Union and the services they provide for servicemembers

in California and the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF PATRICK PARKER

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, Chief Patrick Parker grew up in Petoskey,

Michigan as the oldest of 11 children and carried with him from a young

age a sense of duty and responsibility.
In high school, Chief Parker

played football for the Petoskey Northmen, was a Proud Eagle Scout of

Troop 7, and graduated in 1979.
Chief Parker then attended North

Central Michigan College where he earned an Associate's Degree an later

received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Lake

Superior State College.
Chief Parker started his fire service career in 1983 as a volunteer

and morphed into a part-paid/on-call firefighter and EMT.
He filled

many roles such as Firefighter, Lieutenant, Captain, and Battalion

Chief; and in 2004, he was promoted to the rank of full-time Deputy

Chief.
On January 1, 2006, Parker became the Chief of the Grand

Traverse Metro Fire Department, encouraging his members to foster an

atmosphere where everyone is empowered to give their best and live up

to the credo: Omnis Cedo Domus--Everyone Goes Home.
Additionally, Chief Parker is involved professionally in the Michigan

Association of Fire Chiefs Board, Northern Michigan Fire Chiefs

Association Board, Grand Traverse County Local Emergency Planning

Committee, Local Planning Team and 911 Advisory Board.
Chief Parker is

the founding member of MI-Mutual Aid Box Alarm System Division 3701,

which at the time of its founding included all of Region-7.
He is the

chairperson of the MABAS-Michigan Special Operations Work Group, the

State's Urban Search and Rescue Team, overseeing Michigan Task Force-1.
Chief Parker was Michigan's representative to the Great Lakes Division

(GLD) of the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), and he

currently is the immediate past president of the GLD.