Chief Parker is

the founding member of MI-Mutual Aid Box Alarm System Division 3701,

which at the time of its founding included all of Region-7.
He is the

chairperson of the MABAS-Michigan Special Operations Work Group, the

State's Urban Search and Rescue Team, overseeing Michigan Task Force-1.
Chief Parker was Michigan's representative to the Great Lakes Division

(GLD) of the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), and he

currently is the immediate past president of the GLD.
Always looking for new ways to help his community, Chief Parker is

involved with many local boards and committees, serving as the

President of the American Red Cross--Northern Michigan, Camps and

Services member of the Rotary Club of Traverse City, board member of

the Rotary Camps & Services with the Knights of Columbus No.
9979, and

board member of the Michigan Crossroads Council--Boy Scouts of America.
He is the founding member and President of the Grand Traverse Region

First Responder Alliance, a 501(c)(3) organization founded to find

solutions to the unmet needs of the region's first responders.
Chief Parker is also a dedicated husband, enjoying 39 years of

marriage to his wife Michelle and their 3 golden retrievers.
In his

spare time, he is known for being an avid hiker, hunter, and Great

Lakes boater, and he enjoys camping and snowmobiling in the wintertime.
Mr. Speaker, it's my honor to congratulate Chief Patrick Parker on an

exemplary career and legacy of giving back to his community.
I thank

him for his humble service and wish him and his family the best in

their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ED MELL

HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Ed

Mell, who we lost at the age of 81 on February 21, 2024.
An inspiration

to the Arizona arts community and the world, Ed will forever be

remembered as the originator of some of the most iconic depictions of

the desert landscape.
A Phoenix native, Ed was born in 1942 and at a very young age was

drawn to the arts.
He went on to graduate from Phoenix Junior College

and the ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena.
After a six-year stint

in New York City where he pursued his interest in commercial

advertising, Ed aspired to have greater creative freedom which he was

only able to find back in his home state of Arizona.
In 1970, Ed

accepted a teaching position on the Hopi Reservation during which he

rediscovered the charm and beauty of the desert.
Ed then relocated to

Phoenix and in the decades that followed, he became one of the most

respected and venerated artists of Arizona, dedicated to capturing the

Southwest desert landscape.
Throughout his long career, museums and galleries around the globe

exhibited his work, while private collectors sought the chance to add

one of his pieces to their possessions.
Although recognized globally

for artistic accolades, Ed will always be remembered as generous and

kind.
He was a devoted friend and a loving and proud husband and

father.
Beyond his personal relationships, Ed's impact can be seen in

numerous city projects including the imposing bronze rider astride a

bucking horse in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and his U.S. Postal

Service Centennial stamp.
Ed's depictions of the vibrant Arizona sunsets, sweeping vistas, and

dramatic mountains will forever cement him as one of the greatest

landscape artists of all time.
Ed is survived by his wife, Rose Marie,

and his son, Carson, along with a deeply admiring and extensive fan

base.
I thank Ed for his years of inspiration and dedication.
Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ELLISON CAPERS ``E.C.'' GRAYSON, JR.
HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the life of

Mr. Ellison Capers ``E.C.'' Grayson, Jr. and offer my sympathy to his

family.