He was a

true Bohemian in spirit and deed.
He also greatly enjoyed The

Alfalfa Club, The Knights of Malta, The Metropolitan Club of

Washington, D.C., and serving on The Guardsmen board.
He was

a member of The Springs Country Club in Rancho Mirage and a

devout parishioner of St. Hilary Church in Tiburon.
E.C. is survived by his wife of seventy years, Jean Mason

Grayson; his children, Darby Grayson Sutherland (Bruce) and

William Ellison ``Bill'' Grayson (Laurie); his four

granddaughters, Katherine (Washington, D.C.), Elizabeth and

Caroline Grayson (Manhattan), and Lauren Gordon (Austin,

Texas).
He is also survived by Shadow, his beloved standard

poodle.
E.C.'s zest for life, service to his country,

devotion to his family and love of his friends will continue

to live on in all of us.
The Memorial Mass was on Friday, March 1, 2024, at 1:30

p.m., at St. Hilary Church in Tiburon, Calif.

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN S. JOSSELL

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John

Jossell.
John Jossell was born in Jackson, Mississippi, on December 2, 1985,

to Michael and Evelyn Jossell.
He is the second oldest of five siblings

and spent his early years in Clarksdale, Mississippi.
After attending

Clarksdale Municipal School District, he later moved to Marks,

Mississippi.
During his upbringing in Quitman County, John discovered a passion

for teaching as he practiced with his siblings.
This passion led him to

graduate from Madison S. Palmer High School with a strong desire to

pursue a teaching career.
Choosing Rust College as his alma mater, John focused his studies on

English, the subject he was most passionate about teaching.
As a

student at Rust, he actively participated in the Baptist Student Union

Gospel Choir and became a member of the esteemed Alpha Phi Alpha

Fraternity, Inc. After graduating in 2009, John's mother encouraged him

to begin his teaching career in his hometown at Quitman County School

District.
Starting as a first-year teacher at Quitman County Middle School,

John taught Reading.
He thoroughly enjoyed the learning environment,

the students, and the educational culture.
Motivated to enhance his

teaching skills, he pursued a master's degree in Curriculum,

Instruction, & Assessment from Walden University.
This program equipped

him with effective tools and assessment techniques to better educate

his students.
Transitioning to Madison S. Palmer High School, John

faced the challenge of preparing students for the English II state

test.
Despite the difficulties, he found

great fulfillment in inspiring his students to excel academically

beyond the Mississippi Delta.
Recognizing his passion for teaching,

several individuals encouraged him to explore administrative roles.
Building on his master's degree, John decided to pursue a specialist

degree in Educational Leadership and Administration.
While serving as

the Assistant Principal of Madison S. Palmer High School, he continued

to teach English II.
Although demanding, John's determination propelled

him to succeed in his position.
During his tenure, numerous students

pursued higher education outside of Mississippi, fulfilling their

college dreams.
Presently, John serves as the principal of Quitman County Middle

School as he diligently works towards his doctorate degree in

Educational Leadership & Administration from Walden University.
Guided

by the scripture, ``Do everything with Love'' (1 Corinthians 16:14), he

brings this spirit to his interactions with the faculty, staff, and

students at Quitman County School District.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. John

Jossell for his dedication in serving his school and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EDUCATIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF MR.
MYCHAL THREETS

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the critical

contributions of Mr. Mychal Threets to the Solano County community.
As

the Supervising Librarian at the Fairfield Civic Center Library and a

social media content creator, Mr. Threets impacted the lives of

countless youth in the Solano community and beyond.