ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Colonel Michael L.

Brooks for a successful three-year tour as commanding officer of Marine

Corps Base Quantico.
A native Virginian, Colonel Brooks' thirty-six years of honorable

service to our country began when he enlisted in the United States

Marine Corps in 1988.
From his first assignment as the operations clerk

in the S-3 office at Camp Lejeune to his tour as the commanding officer

of Marine Corps Base Quantico, his dedication to the Marine Corps

mission is unwavering.
Colonel Brooks has deployed to support various military operations

during his career.
In 1990 and 1991, he deployed in support of

Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm.
He was then deployed to Iraq

in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom II, participated in the July 2006

evacuation of American citizens in Beirut, Lebanon, and assisted in

operations Infinite Moonlight in Jordan and Inspired Union in Kuwait.
Throughout his service, his commitment to his education and

leadership has never wavered.
In 1992, he was assigned to Officer

Candidate School at Quantico, the very base he would lead thirty years

later.
Before finishing his tour with 2d Marines, Colonel Brooks earned

a degree in psychology from Campbell University.
In 2011, then-Major

Brooks attended Resident Command and Staff College in Quantico and soon

after was selected to attend the Army War College in Carlisle,

Pennsylvania.
Since assuming command of Marine Corps Base Quantico in 2021, Colonel

Brooks has contributed to the base's distinction as the nation's

premiere training institution for the Marine Corps.
His contributions

will undoubtedly leave a lasting impact not only on the base, but on

the wider region.
He prioritized strengthening vital relationships in

the community and presided over the installation's $6.96 billion total

economic impact, all while upholding the base's proud traditions set

forth over one hundred years ago.
Throughout his service, Colonel Brooks has earned numerous

decorations including the Defense Meritorious Service Medal,

Meritorious Service Medal (3d award), Navy and Marine Corps

Commendation Medal (5th award), Joint Service Achievement Medal, Navy

and Marine Corps Achievement Medal (3d award), and the Combat Action

Ribbon.
Colonel Brooks is the true embodiment of the USMC's slogan Semper

Fidelis.
I thank him for his tireless commitment to protecting our

nation and commend him for the positive example his leadership has set

for all of us throughout his long and distinguished military career.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Colonel Michael L. Brooks for his steadfast and unwavering

service to our country, and in wishing him the best as he takes the

next step in his career at his last duty station in New Orleans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, on June 26, 2024, I was not recorded on Roll

Call No.
283.
Had I been present, I would have voted ``NAY'' on Roll

Call No.
283.
On June 27, 2024, I was not recorded on Roll Call No.
318 and No.
320.
Had I been present, I would have voted ``NAY'' on Roll Call No.
318 and No.
320.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT BRANDON BELL

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Judge Brandon Bell

of Paris, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Judge Bell has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
Judge Bell is a seventh generation Texan who was born in Paris,

Texas.
In 1999, he graduated from Texas A&M University at Commerce with

a Bachelor of Professional Accountancy.
Judge Bell later received his

Juris Doctor from SMU Dedman School of Law in 2004.
He initially

clerked for Judge Sidney A. Fitzwater, the chief U.S. District Judge

for the Northern District of Texas, before being admitted to the Texas

State Bar in November 2004.