The Bayou Classic's core audience primarily consists of students,

alumni, military personnel, and leaders from Historically Black

Colleges and Universities, with age demographics ranging from high

school students, college students, university alumni, and football

fanatics.
The Bayou Classic attracts participants from all over the world, but

has a dedicated national audience, including but not limited to

Alabama, Arkansas, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana,

Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and

Texas.
The Bayou Classic has consistently achieved record-breaking

attendance, with projections of sustained future growth, particularly

the Battle of the Bands & Greek Step Show, which draws an average

attendance of 30,000 with sold out crowds for the past three years, and

over 60,000-65,000 attendees for Game Day.
The 44th Annual Bayou Classic in 2017 propelled the event to be

recognized as the No.
1 HBCU Classic and the most attended football

game in the FCS division, further solidifying its status as the No.
1

HBCU Classic in the world since 2019.
The Bayou Classic officially celebrated 50 years of HBCU football

rivalry, in which Southern University defeated Grambling State 27-22,

on November 25, 2023 in the City of New Orleans at the Caesars

Superdome.
The school's records are Southern 26 wins, Grambling 24

wins.
I am happy to recognize this event, held in Louisiana's Second

Congressional District, and proclaim the Bayou Classic as an historic

event that showcases the excellence, pride, and unity of Historically

Black Colleges and Universities.
I appreciate all attendees from around

the country and beyond who joined us in celebrating this momentous

occasion, and to recognize the enduring legacy of the Bayou Classic, as

we celebrated the 50th Anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING PRIDE MONTH AND HONORING JAN LEE

HON.
DANIEL S. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate

Pride Month and honor an LGBQTIA+ community leader in New York's Tenth

District, Jan Lee.
Jan Lee is a dedicated community organizer, activist, small business

owner, and lifelong New Yorker.
He is a third-generation resident of

Manhattan's Chinatown and has been organizing his community since the

1990s, advocating for Chinatown's post-9/11 recovery, the reopening of

Park Row, and representing the community's interests with regard to the

borough-based jail.
For far too long, Manhattan's Chinatown has not received the

recognition, services and representation that its residents have

deserved.
Jan's work has begun to change that.
From his community activism to

helping manage the apartment buildings that have been in his family for

over 100 years, Jan's commitment to his community is inspiring.
I'm

proud to call Jan a friend and partner as we continue to revitalize

Chinatown and give the community the attention it deserves.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING PRIDE MONTH AND HONORING MARQUIS JENKINS

HON.
DANIEL S. GOLDMAN

Mr. GOLDMAN of New York.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to commemorate

Pride Month and honor an LGBQTIA+ community leader in New York's Tenth

District, Marquis Jenkins.
Marquis is a community activist with deep roots on the Lower East

Side, a lifelong organizer dedicated to building solidarity around

issues affecting underprivileged Americans.
He has worked at the NAACP

to combat issues around criminal justice, he has directed organizing at

WE ACT to advance issues of environmental justice, and he is currently

director of organizing at Common Justice, a nonprofit dedicated to

advancing solutions to violence and addressing issues in our criminal

justice system.
Marquis has never forgotten the NYCHA public housing

complexes where he grew up, and first entered activism at the age of 17

when he ran for resident association president at Bricetti Plaza.
Marquis's dedication to the Lower East Side is evident to everyone

who knows him, and our district is lucky to get to call him ours.
I

thank Marquis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATIONS TO A TRIBE FOR JAZZ

HON.