A fifth-generation resident of Frisco, Jim attended Frisco High

School and graduated in 1975.
Two years later, he graduated magna cum

laude from Texas A&M University with a degree in agricultural

economics.
In 1978, Jim married the love of his life, Dru, and they

raised two children.
That same year, he established Newman Real Estate

to manage property developments around Frisco and became a certified

Property Tax Consultant shortly after.
For nearly five decades, Jim has

worked diligently to support the youth in our community and empower

them to be successful.
He firmly believes that our Nation's children is

our greatest asset, and he has made good on his promise to ensure they

receive positive guidance in life.
Jim has mentored high school

students while working with school bands, sports clubs, and school bond

programs

Furthermore, Jim is passionate about community service and the

conservation of nature.
He was a member of the North American Mission

Board, the Texas Mission Foundation, and Christian Hands in Action to

help provide disaster relief and humanitarian aid for families in need.
Jim also served as a dedicated RA director at Frisco First Baptist

Church for many years.
For his outstanding work in community and

business development, Jim was presented with the Micro Business Award,

the Small Business Award, and the Developer of the Year Award by the

Frisco Chamber of Commerce.
In his free time, he is a devoted

outdoorsman and enjoys hunting and fishing.
I am proud of Jim's

contributions to our community, and I am sure he will continue to make

a positive impact on the world around us.
It is an honor to bestow Jim with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT PETER BURNS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Peter Burns of

Frisco, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Peter has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community and

country.
Peter was born in 1960 in Kingston, Jamaica.
At a young age, his

family moved to the United States and settled in Brooklyn, New York.
In

October 1978, Peter enlisted into the United States Army Signal Corps,

where he served in various leadership roles.
His service took him

around the world, including South Korea, Germany, Bosnia and

Herzegovina, and Macedonia.
In 1999, Peter retired from the Army and

joined the telecommunications industry.
He obtained his Master of

Business Administration from the University of Phoenix and completed

the Entrepreneurial Development program at the University of Texas at

Dallas.
In 2020, Peter founded The Bridge Delivery Service, which works

closely with Amazon Logistics to ensure the timely delivery of packages

for North Texas residents.
At the same time, Peter is actively involved in numerous charitable

and educational initiatives to benefit our community.
He is a board

member for the Frisco Education Foundation, Junior Achievement of

Dallas, and Be In Health Foundation, where he leads efforts to improve

youth entrepreneurship and provide scholarships for students in need.
Peter is also a devoted man of faith, and he is the Youth Director at

Friendship Baptist Church of The Colony.
For his outstanding work,

Peter was recognized as Citizen of the Year in 2014 by the Frisco

Chamber of Commerce and named 2017 Person of the Year by Frisco Style

Magazine.
In addition, he was named as Frisco's Distinguished Veteran

of the Year in 2019 and received the prestigious Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
I am proud of the work Peter has accomplished, and I wish

him continued success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Peter with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation and the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ELIZABETH BARRIE FOR HER SERVICE TO CALIFORNIA'S 46TH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.