In 1999, he graduated from Texas A&M University at Commerce with

a Bachelor of Professional Accountancy.
Judge Bell later received his

Juris Doctor from SMU Dedman School of Law in 2004.
He initially

clerked for Judge Sidney A. Fitzwater, the chief U.S. District Judge

for the Northern District of Texas, before being admitted to the Texas

State Bar in November 2004.
Judge Bell is licensed as an attorney and

Certified Public Accountant.
He began his lengthy legal career at Boyd

Veigel and specializes in family law, criminal defense, and tax law.
In

2019, Judge Bell was elected as Lamar County Judge.
In addition to

presiding over criminal and civil matters, he is passionate about

granting foster parents the opportunity to become the legal guardians

for disabled children.
Separately, Judge Bell is involved in numerous charitable

initiatives.
He previously served on the board of the New Hope Center

of Paris and coaches Dixie Youth Baseball in his free time.
He is also

a member of the Roan Oak Masonic Lodge and the Dallas Scottish Rite.
Judge Bell is a devoted man of faith, and he attends South Side Baptist

Church with his wife, Amanda, and his two children.
I commend Judge

Bell for his lifelong commitment to serving our community and

empowering foster families.
His efforts have helped many

underprivileged children find a caring and loving home.
It is an honor to bestow Judge Bell with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT DRU NEWMAN

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Drusilla

``Dru'' Wade Newman of Frisco, Texas, and present her with the

Congressional Patriot Award.
Dru has dedicated herself to faithfully

serving our community.
Dru is a fourth-generation resident of Frisco and graduated from

Frisco High School in 1974.
She earned her bachelor's degree in

secondary education from Baylor University in 1978.
For over 45 years,

Dru has been a fantastic community leader and passionate advocate for

youth education.
She worked closely with the Frisco Education

Foundation to help provide students with scholarships.
Furthermore, Dru

mentored young adults at her church while being involved in local

parent-teacher associations and booster clubs.
In addition to her work on education, Dru has continued to be

involved in charitable efforts in Frisco to help families in need.
She

participated in mission trips around the world to support humanitarian

efforts and share her faith.
Dru also worked with the Frisco Heritage

Association to organize and fundraise for their annual Heritage Days

event, which highlights the beauty and rich history of the city.
She

has a servant's heart, and her generosity and kindness has not gone

unnoticed by those around her.
In her free time, Dru is an avid sports

fan, and she enjoys cheering for the Baylor Bears.
Along with her

husband Jim, she attends Frisco First Baptist Church.
I am proud of the

work Dru has accomplished for our community, and I wish her continued

success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Dru with the Patriot Award for her

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT JIM NEWMAN

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Jim Randell

Newman of Frisco, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot

Award.
Jim has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
A fifth-generation resident of Frisco, Jim attended Frisco High

School and graduated in 1975.
Two years later, he graduated magna cum

laude from Texas A&M University with a degree in agricultural

economics.
In 1978, Jim married the love of his life, Dru, and they

raised two children.