Marquis's dedication to the Lower East Side is evident to everyone

who knows him, and our district is lucky to get to call him ours.
I

thank Marquis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATIONS TO A TRIBE FOR JAZZ

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Mrs. BEATTY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations

and honor A Tribe for Jazz for receiving the Battelle Central Ohio STEM

Grant for their innovative Jazz Lab Mobile Pilot Initiative in

partnership with COSI, the PAST Foundation, and Columbus Department of

Recreation and Parks.
Since its establishment in 2021, A Tribe for Jazz has not only been a

beacon of cultural enrichment and social impact, but also a catalyst

for change in our community.
Through a multifaceted mission that

includes visual storytelling, live and virtual performances, education,

and community engagement, the organization has consistently championed

the preservation and evolution of Jazz, leaving an indelible mark on

our cultural landscape.
The Jazz Lab is a mobile pop-up session uniting jazz music and

science through immersive experiences that nurture curiosity,

inclusivity, collaboration, and wonder.
The pilot program for middle

and elementary school students explores systems thinking in jazz

through technology, engineering, and math, highlighting the

intersection of jazz and STEM.
With support from the Battelle Central

Ohio STEM Grant, students in Central Ohio gain enriched access to jazz

and STEM education.
The Jazz Lab Mobile Pilot Initiative is valuable for everyone in

Central Ohio.
It illustrates the possibilities for STEAM in all fields

and everyday life.
Congratulations to A Tribe for Jazz for bringing

this extraordinary educational experience to our children.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2025

speech of

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Madam Chair, I rise today in support of the

inclusion of a pilot program for a national simulation-based emergency

preparedness network in the Fiscal Year 2025 Homeland Security

Appropriations Act.
This pilot program will support the Department of

Homeland Security (DHS) Office of Health Security's (OHS) mission to

strengthen the Nation's health security through leadership and

partnership, a safer and healthier Department of Homeland Security

(DHS) workforce, and optimal care for patients.
I worked on this language with my fellow co-chairs of the Modeling

and Simulation Caucus, Reps.
Bergman, Sorensen, and Rutherford and am

pleased to see it included.
The simulation-based emergency preparedness network will deliver

simulation-based training that meets existing and emerging local and

regional needs to licensed healthcare professionals, first responders,

and volunteers.
This network supports all five phases of emergency

management by ensuring our vital healthcare workforce is prepared prior

to an emergency, able to respond effectively, save lives, prevent

further damage, and contribute to healing during recovery.
The program

will also serve the training needs of the greater U.S. healthcare

system.
Unfortunately, the underlying appropriations bill fails to invest in

other national needs.
It fails to fund effective strategies to keep our

communities safe, much needed programs to

assist migrants, and critical programs to combat public health threats.
The bill also limits the ability of the department to counter

misinformation, meet cybersecurity needs, and bans abortion services

for individuals in U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE)

custody.
I urge my colleagues to maintain this program to further

modeling and simulation-based emergency preparedness network as we work

towards a mutually agreeable funding bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COMMANDING OFFICER, COLONEL MICHAEL L. BROOKS' CAREER AT

MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Colonel Michael L.

Brooks for a successful three-year tour as commanding officer of Marine

Corps Base Quantico.
A native Virginian, Colonel Brooks' thirty-six years of honorable

service to our country began when he enlisted in the United States

Marine Corps in 1988.