Title: CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF TURNER INDUSTRIES' PARIS FACILITY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
109

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF TURNER INDUSTRIES' PARIS FACILITY

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 25th

anniversary of Turner Industries' pipe fabrication facility in Paris,

Texas.
Turner Industries specializes in innovative industrial

contracting to fully meet client needs while prioritizing safety,

efficiency, and reliability.
Turner Industries was first established in 1961 by Bert Turner, a

young engineer with an entrepreneurial vision.
Over the years, it has

expanded its presence along the Gulf Coast and offered additional

services, including construction, transportation, maintenance, and

steel fabrication.
In 1998, Turner opened its state-of-the-art pipe

fabrication facility in Paris with over 375 acres of space.
Each pipe

assembled here is precision-built to support power generation

facilities, refineries, and petrochemical plants across the nation.
For its outstanding work, Turner Industries has been recognized as

the number one industrial contractor in the Associated Builders and

Contractors' Top 250 Contractors list.
It has also been honored by the

Construction Users Roundtable and presented with the prestigious

Construction Industry Safety Excellence Award three times for its

commitment to employee safety.
In addition to serving as a critical energy backbone for our nation,

Turner employs over 20,000 hardworking professionals across its

facilities.
It has invested in a new Operations Building at its Paris

facility, which will greatly contribute to the North Texas workforce

and community.
I would like to especially recognize Mr. Chris Bailey,

who serves as the Plant Manager and Vice President for Turner's Paris

operations.
Mr. Bailey has dedicated himself to building and supporting

educational programs in the North Texas community.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to recognize this historic occasion and investment for the

people of District 4.
Congratulations to Tuner Industries, and I wish

them the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BAYOU CLASSIC SOUTHERN

UNIVERSITY VS.
GRAMBLING UNIVERSITY

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

50th Anniversary of the Bayou Classic, an annual football classic that

honors the heritage and accomplishments of America's Historically Black

Colleges and Universities, specifically between Grambling State

University and Southern University and Agricultural & Mechanical

College located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and, Grambling State

University, a member of the University of Louisiana System Institution,

is in Grambling, Louisiana.
Southern University A&M College, a member

of the Southern University System, is in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
The Bayou Classic has earned the distinction of being the No.
1 HBCU

Classic in the Nation, with a storied history dating back to 1932, and

has long promoted the importance of sportsmanship, musicianship,

community, and traditions by representing the talents and achievements

of students, staff, and alumni of Historically Black Colleges and

Universities.
The Bayou Classic brings together fans and alumni of Grambling State

University and Southern University and A&M College from around the

globe to New Orleans, creating a vibrant celebration of football,

family, traditions, and pageantry surrounding Historically Black

Colleges and Universities.
The Bayou Classic's core audience primarily consists of students,

alumni, military personnel, and leaders from Historically Black

Colleges and Universities, with age demographics ranging from high

school students, college students, university alumni, and football

fanatics.
The Bayou Classic attracts participants from all over the world, but

has a dedicated national audience, including but not limited to

Alabama, Arkansas, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana,

Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and

Texas.
The Bayou Classic has consistently achieved record-breaking

attendance, with projections of sustained future growth, particularly

the Battle of the Bands & Greek Step Show, which draws an average

attendance of 30,000 with sold out crowds for the past three years, and

over 60,000-65,000 attendees for Game Day.