Dear Friend: As a member of the House Appropriations State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee, I recently traveled with a small delegation to the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, then Poland.
There we met with those nations' top military and political leaders and diplomats.
Throughout this trip I was constantly reminded In the U.S. we are somewhat isolated geographically.
In this volatile region they live under the constant reminder of their struggles for freedom and despicable acts of centuries of occupation, depopulation, repopulation, and genocide.
Daily, these critical NATO allies are exposed to Putin's verbal threats as well as living in the fear of regular cyber and terrorist attacks.
More importantly, those in the Baltics are watching the reality of Russian aggression, cruelty, and massacres play out in their own backyard today.
They saw the barbaric act of Putin bombing a children's hospital.
They saw that over 20,000 Ukrainian children have been kidnapped and moved to Russia as part of their history's reputation for depopulating those they dominate.
The leaders in this region talked with me because of their close proximity to Russia and Belarus about their constant fear that they could be annihilated within seconds, and might never see it coming.
They know that Putin is ruthless enough and has the thirst for power and land to do it.
We don't see these pressures from our secure vantage point in the U.S., outside of our new threats created by Joe Biden's lackadaisical policies over our own border.
However, these European partners feel a daily struggle to cling to their democracy and freedom.
Each of these vulnerable countries are doing their part.
Each of them contributes well over 2 percent of their GDP toward their own defense, knowing they'll likely have to face another Russian invasion of their homeland some day.
Additionally, they are contributing to the military and humanitarian needs in Ukraine.
But one thing became very clear to me on this trip.
None of them have the size, the economy, nor the military capability to preserve freedom and democracy on their own.
Their existence is dependent on all of our NATO partners.