St. John AME Church and 31 years at St. Matthew AME Church.
During his long tenure at St. Matthew, he increased the congregation from 75 to over 2,800 members; he instituted more than 30 ministries to meet the spiritual, emotional, educational and physical needs of the church and community; and he increased the church annual budget from $50,000 to $2 million.
George Washington Carver once said ``How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong.
Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.''
Bishop Jackson has used his life's work to advocate for the most vulnerable among us to include minorities, the young, the elderly, and the disenfranchised.
He has been a voice for the voiceless and he has given hope to the hopeless.
Bishop Jackson served as Executive Director of the Black Ministers Council of New Jersey, representing over 600 New Jersey Churches; served on the Orange Public School System Board of Education as President for 12 years; and sits on the Board of Trustees of Essex County College, serving as President for 10 years.
He was named Man of the Year by New Jersey Monthly Magazine, received the William Ashby Award from the United Way,
the Martin Luther King, Jr. Award from the Newark North Ward Center, and Honorary Doctorates from Wilberforce University and Payne Theological Seminary.
He is a member of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity and a Life Member of the NAACP.
In 2012, Reginald Thomas Jackson was elected and consecrated the 132nd Bishop of the AME Church at the 49th Quadrennial Session of the General Conference, held in Nashville, Tennessee and was appointed to the 20th Episcopal District (Malawi Zimbabwe, Tanzania and Uganda) as the Ecumenical and Urban Affairs Officer.
He has served as Chairman of the Social Action Commission of the AME Church and is the current Chairman of the Commission on Colleges, Universities and Seminaries.
Eight years ago, Bishop Jackson accepted his charge in Georgia as Presiding Prelate of the Sixth Episcopal District of the AME Church.
Continuing his longstanding advocacy for social justice, he has been a staunch champion for voter registration, education and turnout.
He has ferociously lobbied the Georgia General Assembly for hate crime legislation and gun reform.
Following an arrest for a planned attack on an AME Church in Gainesville, Georgia and the murder of Ahamd Arbery in February 2020, Bishop Jackson led the charge for a bill which was signed into law by Governor Brain Kemp in June 2020.
In 2020, Bishop Jackson also collaborated with the leaders of every Georgia State African American religious denomination in conducting massive voter registration and education efforts throughout Georgia, resulting in the election of President Joe Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris, U.S.