Mr. Keith Myers and 
Mrs. Ginger Myers have served as health care industry leaders for decades.
In 1994, they co-founded LHC Group in order to address the health care needs of Lafayette's aging rural community.
The Myers grew a freestanding single home health agency into a publicly traded company of almost 30,000 employees, now operating in 38 states and the District.
LHC Group's success, along with its significant mission, must be attributed to the Myers' own virtue.
As LHC Group's first nurse, 
Mrs. Myers established the company's service-based culture.
She has worked in a range of nursing and administrative roles in St. Landry Parish; served on LHC Group's board of directors; and helped to establish one of Louisiana's first rural health clinics.
She was chair of the Opelousas Woman's Club board; a committee member for the St. Landry/Evangeline American Heart Association Heart Gala; and on the executive committee for Go Red for Women, an American Heart Association fundraiser.
For his part, 
Mr. Myers served as LHC Group's chairman and chief executive officer from the company's inception, up to its merger with Optum.
He is currently senior adviser for Optum and chairman and CEO emeritus for LHC Group.
Mr. Myers is a co-founder, board member, and current chairman of the Partnership for Quality Home Healthcare in Washington, D.C.
He is also a co-founder and former board member of the Alliance for Home Health Quality and Innovation.
He has served as a CEO member of both the Healthcare Leadership Council and the American Hospital Association.
Despite LHC Group's national expansion, the Myers have maintained their dedication to South Louisiana.
LHC Group's headquarters are still firmly rooted in Lafayette.
The Myers' longstanding commitment to health care and community is exemplified by LHC Group's recent commitment of $20 million, over 10 years, to ULL's College of Nursing & Health Sciences.
This investment will bring endowments, scholarships, research initiatives and capital enhancements for nursing and health sciences.
On behalf of Louisiana's 3rd District, I commend Keith and Ginger Myers for their generous work, and I thank them for their devotion to South Louisiana.