Reverend Cecil Williams: a spiritual giant who devoted his life to empowering those marginalized, forgotten and in need.
Reverend Williams embodied the Gospel of Matthew: `for I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink.
I was a stranger and you welcomed me.
I was naked and you clothed me.
I was sick and you cared for me.
I was in prison and you visited me.'
Through his many good works, he transformed countless lives--in the Bay Area and beyond.
Reverend Williams stood on the forefront of the American struggle for civil rights and social justice: whether fighting against racism, protesting the Vietnam War, confronting the crack cocaine epidemic or bringing compassion to those with HIV/AIDS, to name just a few of his many good works.
In a moment when the LGBTQ+ community faced intense discrimination and stigma, Reverend Williams began presiding over the weddings of same-sex couples in San Francisco--nearly five decades before marriage equality became the law of the land.
Alongside his beloved wife Janice Mirikitani, who was his partner not only in marriage but in service, Reverend Cecil Williams helped launch and lead the GLIDE Memorial Church for six decades.
Strengthened by their belief in unconditional love and the power of redemption, GLIDE has built a community of compassion and inclusion in the heart of one San Francisco's toughest neighborhoods.
Today, more than 11,000 San Franciscans of all races, ethnic backgrounds, cultures, social classes, ages, faiths and sexual orientations are a part of GLIDE's vibrant, diverse congregation.
Living out Reverend Williams and Janice's faith-based social justice mission, GLIDE is also one of the largest providers of social services in the city.
GLIDE serves three nutritious meals a day, 365 days a year, to thousands of San Franciscans in need--while offering comprehensive support services, including affordable, accessible, quality health care, mental health services, and HIV/AIDS and substance abuse treatment.
GLIDE also helps women overcome domestic violence and oppression by providing housing, child care and supportive services.
Reverend Williams was not only respected but revered in our City as a clarion voice for love, respect and justice.
At the same time, he embodied the spirit of our City's patron saint, Saint Francis of Assisi, who taught us to `Preach the gospel.
Sometimes use words.'
Indeed, he preached the gospel with his inspiring deeds each and every day.
May it be a comfort to Reverend Williams' children Kim and Albert, his stepdaughter Tianne, his grandchildren and all his loved ones that so many San Franciscans mourn their loss and pray for them during this sad time--and that his saintly teachings will live on in the hearts of all those who were blessed to know him.