Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a faithful public servant, Mayor John (Sammy) Phillips of Jacksonville, North Carolina.
Recently, celebrating his 50th anniversary of service to the city, Mayor Phillips dedicated most of his adult life to helping the people ethic and selfless devotion to his community.
In 1974, Mayor Phillips started his career as an officer with the Jacksonville Police Department and, after serving for over thirty years, retired as Deputy Chief.
Thanks to his leadership and dedication, the Jacksonville Police Department became a nationally accredited law enforcement agency in 1991.
While Mayor Phillips served in the Police Department, he also worked to complete academic studies.
He graduated from the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Academy, a premier law enforcement training program in Quantico, Virginia.
Taking night classes, he earned a Bachelor's degree in criminal justice from North Carolina Wesleyan College.
Mayor Phillips also completed a Master's in Public Administration from East Carolina University.
Mayor Phillips's sacrifices during his law enforcement career to further his profession and knowledge base are quite laudable.
In 2004, when Mayor Phillips retired from the Police Department, he couldn't resist his love for his community and commitment to public service.
After a few months of working around his house and playing golf, he filed for a seat on the City Council in 2004.
After a stint on the City Council, he decided to run for Mayor and was elected in November 2007.
Now going on 17 years, Mayor Phillips is the longestserving Mayor of Jacksonville since W. Bruce Teachey.
During his tenure as Mayor, 
Mr. Phillips has been known for his attentiveness to the concerns of his Jacksonville constituents.
In 2017, when renewed racial tensions arose, Mayor Phillips was determined to bring all residents of Jacksonville together.
He helped to launch the ``One City, Our City, My City'' campaign to promote healing in his community.
In 2014, Mayor Phillips received the Long Leaf Pine Award, an honor given to North Carolinians with an exemplary record of public service.
Mayor Phillips has spearheaded much development in the city, including revitalizing the Jacksonville City Hall, building multiple fire stations, and constructing the Jacksonville Marina.
A lifelong resident of Jacksonville, Mayor Phillips has demonstrated his love for the city and its inhabitants.
I feel honored to extend this chamber's recognition of this faithful public servant, and I look forward to the future success