Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional career and dedicated service of 
Mr. Gregory R. Iannello.
In addition to being an honored veteran, 
Mr. Iannello's tenure at Griffis Institute (GI) and his career with the Department of Defense stand as testaments to his unwavering commitment to safeguarding the United States.
Greg obtained the esteemed position of Senior T2 Agreements Subject Matter Expert at the GI, focusing on Technology Transfer agreements for a decade.
His expertise encompassed Education Partnership Agreements, Commercial Test Agreements, Cooperative Research and Development Agreements.
During his 6 years with the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA), Greg served in multiple capacities including Quality Assurance Specialist, Contract Price Analyst, and Contract Administrator.
The remainder of his career with the Department of Defense was dedicated to the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL/RI), where he served as a Contract Specialist, Procurement Analyst, Grants and Agreements Officer, Contracting Officer, and R&D Contracting Branch Chief.
During his time at AFRL/RI, Greg played a pivotal role in drafting Procurement Policy, Training, and Implementation.
He spearheaded the utilization of Grants, Cooperative Agreements, Other Transactions, Technology Investment Agreements, and Consortium Agreements.
Mr. Iannello dedicated 47 years to supporting the United States Air Force and the Department of Defense through both his direct employment, and his contributions at GI.
In addition to his impressive career, Greg holds a Bachelor of Science in Business and Project Management from SUNY Polytechnic Institute.
He also achieved an Acquisition Professional Development Program Level 3 Certification in Contracting under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act.
He was an active member of the National Contract Management Association (NCMA) and held several offices including Leatherstocking Chapter President, Certification Chair, and Fellows Chair.
He also served 3 years on the National Board Manager.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am deeply honored to acknowledge Gregory Iannello's extraordinary service, tireless efforts, profound commitment, and devotion to the United States.