At a time when Americans are dying from fentanyl and

other drug overdoses at catastrophic rates, we must do everything in

our power to slow the stem of trafficking.
Moreover, with surges in

violent crime across our country, we need to ensure that our federal

immigration authorities have the resources necessary to remove illegal

aliens who commit crimes against innocent Americans.
Each of these bills aim to empower federal authorities to reject or

remove illegal immigrants who commit certain crimes.
This includes

aliens who intentionally evade border patrol agents or law enforcement

assisting those agents; aliens who commit social security fraud; aliens

who are convicted of driving under the influence; and aliens who are

members of the Hamas terrorist group or involved in the October 7, 2023

attack on Israel.
We must take action to make the United States safer, and I am proud

to support these efforts to do exactly that.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TAX RELIEF FOR AMERICAN FAMILIES AND WORKERS ACT OF 2024

speech of

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I share my colleagues' support

of H.R. 7024, the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act.
This bill is pro-growth, pro-small business, pro-family, and will truly

help our people in southern and eastern Kentucky.
I want to first point out that this bill will help folks in my

district who are still recovering from the devastating flooding that we

endured in 2021 and 2022.
The recovery process has been long and

difficult, and this bill takes important steps to make it easier for

flood survivors to deduct their losses by eliminating minimum loss

requirements and not penalizing individuals for compensation they

received.
Our people need all the help they can get, and this bill will

help us move forward and build back stronger than ever.
This bill will also help our families struggling with the lingering

impact of inflated high prices by expanding access to the child tax

credit, eliminating the penalty for larger families, and ensuring that

the tax credit is adjusted for inflation, so this benefit isn't reduced

over time.
This will truly make a difference for the people of

Kentucky's rural Appalachian region.
This tax relief bill will also boost our economy, jumpstart

innovation by allowing businesses to deduct research and development

costs immediately, which will enable us to always be at the forefront

of the world economy.
It will also help small businesses by

incentivizing capital investments, enabling them to boost their growth

and increase productivity.
Finally, this bill eliminates wasteful COVID

era spending by accelerating the deadline for backdated claims under

the employee retention credit.
This credit system has experienced rampant fraud and abuse, and its

elimination will save hardworking Americans taxpayer dollars.
I am proud to support this legislation, and urge the Senate to

consider it quickly to provide much-needed tax relief in southern and

eastern Kentucky and across our great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO TARA VANDERVEER

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and praise an

extraordinary American, Stanford Women's Basketball Coach, aka `T

Dawg', Tara VanDerveer.
On January 21, 2024, she won her 1,203rd game,

setting an all-time record for the most coaching wins in the history of

college basketball.
She achieved this in 45 seasons and has led her

team to three N.C.A.A. champIonship victories.
Tara VanDerveer is the daughter of Dunbar and Rita VanDerveer and was

born in Boston in 1953.
She didn't play basketball at her first high

school, but she played when she transferred to Buffalo Seminary in her

junior year.
She attended Albany University where she played as a

freshman, then transferred to Indiana University, Bloomington where her

team reached the AIAW Final Four.