His

attentiveness to those experiencing adversity is heartening and

inspiring.
I am honored and privileged to know Paul Dillon on a personal level.
Paul has been an irreplaceable asset as a member of my Veterans

Advisory Council.
His wisdom surrounding veterans issues is extremely

useful, it is a pleasure to receive his guidance.
He is a dear friend

veteran affairs.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and immortalize the

continued works of Paul Dillon.
In addition to his distinguished

service career, he has been a mainstay of the veteran community within

my district.
It is no small consolation to know that model citizens

like Paul continue to inspire future generations.
I ask my colleagues

in the House to join me in commending and thanking Paul Dillon for his

endless service to the public.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TONYA FINLEY-McCAW

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to honor the life and

legacy of Mrs. Tonya Latrice Finley-McCaw.
Mrs. Finley-McCaw was a

remarkable servant leader who touched the lives of so many people

across the St. Louis community.
A passionate advocate, Mrs. Finley-McCaw fought tirelessly for the

rights of families and workers, including aiding efforts across the

region and state for living wages and the right to unionize.
Together,

alongside her inspiring son and a stalwart community leader, Rasheen,

the pair were never far from a picket line, joining striking workers

and allies demanding fair wages in the ``Fight for $15'' movement.
Mrs. Finley-McCaw was indefatigable.
In addition to her strong

support of labor rights and economic justice, she also chaired St.

Louis City's Moms Demand Action chapter in an effort to tackle the

crisis of gun violence in our communities and received several

leadership certificates and accolades for her wide-ranging work and

advocacy throughout the St. Louis region.
Born on July 7, 1970, in Chicago, Illinois, to her loving parents,

Samuel and Dorothy Finley.
She was also blessed with an amazing sister,

Teijuania Finley.
Finley-McCaw attended and graduated from Parkway

South High School, where she was crowned prom queen.
She later pursued

higher education at St. Louis College of Health Careers and obtained

her certification as a phlebotomist.
Mrs. Finley-McCaw was married to the love of her life, Rick McCaw,

for 27 years.
She is the proud mother of three sons: Rashaad Crawford,

Rasheen Aldridge, and Rasheed Finley.
She is the stepmother to Rickey

McCaw, Rikeyia McCaw, Malik McCaw, and Bernard Wings.
When she wasn't

spending time with her family or working to improve the lives of her

St. Louis neighbors, Mrs. Finley-McCaw loved to cook (especially on

holidays), play with her dogs, travel, and spend time with her

grandchildren.
Mrs. Finley-McCaw was a great friend and mother figure to many.
I

have fond memories of her.
I have fond memories of her helping to

support me as I worked hard to represent the people of Missouri's First

District.
She provided unparalleled guidance and never faltered in the

work of ensuring St. Louis has the representation it deserves at every

level of government, I got to witness what a remarkable human she was

to those around and what an incredible mother she was through my

personal friendship with Rasheen.
She touched so many of our hearts and

she will be deeply missed.
May her memory forever be a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS AND AMERICAN SAMOA COLLEGE

ACCESS ACT

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Northern Mariana

Islands and American Samoa College Access Act, which would authorize

tuition assistance grants to cover the difference between in-state and

out-of-state tuition costs for Marianas and American Samoa community

college graduates seeking to attend a four-year public university.