He first reported for duty on 6 April

1943, to then-Camp George G. Meade, where he enlisted in the U.S. Army

Air Corps, and then completed Basic Training in Miami Florida.
He was

assigned to the U.S. Army Technical School in Sioux Falls SD, where he

trained to become a Radioman and Mechanic.
He progressed to Yuma, AZ as

a Gunnery School trainee, and learned to operate the B-25/Mitchell

Aircraft.
After vigorous training, he was deployed to the Southwest

Pacific region at the height of WWII, serving as a Radioman and Tail

Gunner, and making his mark on our Nation as part of ``The Greatest

Generation.''
Mr. Stambaugh heroically flew 38 Combat Missions, during which he had

four take downs against the Japanese enemy, and numerous enemy

installations.
He earned the Expert Marksman badge, the Presidential

Unit Citation, and a personal letter to his parents from General George

Kenney, Commander of Allied Forces in the Southwest Pacific.
In the

letter, General Kenney cited Mr. Stambaugh's ``Meritorious Achievement

while participating in aerial flights in the Southwest Pacific area

from February 25, 1945 to March 30, 1945 . . .''
and noted his service

as ``. . .
a real and very tangible contribution to victory and

peace.''
General Kenney further stated that ``I would like to tell you

how genuinely proud I am to have men such as your son in my command,

and how gratified I am to know that young Americans with such courage

and resourcefulness are fighting our Country's battle against the

aggressor nations.
You have every reason to share that pride and

gratification.''
Mr. Stambaugh, having brushed with death numerous

times, never forgets his Brothers-in-Arms who made the ultimate

sacrifice for our Nation, fellow Warriors, and our way of life.
Returning home after earning an Honorable Discharge on 18 December

1945, Mr. Stambaugh transitioned to civilian life at PH Gladfelter in

Spring Grove, and earned a Magistrate position in York County--further

serving our Nation in a judicial capacity for four consecutive six-year

terms.
Mr. Stambaugh and his wife, Bertha, had three children, and he

still lives in the home he and Bertha built together near his childhood

home in Spring Grove.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored, privileged, and humbled to celebrate Mr.

Quentin Roman Stambaugh on the blessed occasion of his 100th Birthday.
His tireless, selfless, and dedicated service of our communities,

Commonwealth, and Nation sets the standard by which we should all be

judged.
I wish him continued Godspeed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO SECURE OUR NATION'S SOUTHERN BORDER

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I share my colleagues' support

for H.R. 5585,

the Agent Raul Gonzalez Officer Safety Act, H.R. 6678, the Consequences

for Social Security Fraud Act, H.R. 6679, the No Immigration Benefits

for Hamas Terrorists Act, and H.R. 6976, the Protect Our Communities

from DUIs Act.
Our Nation is amid unprecedented chaos at our southern border.
Every

day, thousands of illegal aliens are flooding over the border and into

our cities, increasing crime at alarming rates.
The rise of unabated

human trafficking at our southern border should be among our greatest

motivations for meaningful action.
While some illegal aliens are

fleeing oppression and poor economic conditions in their countries,

many of them are trafficking large quantities of drugs, weapons, and

other contraband.
At a time when Americans are dying from fentanyl and

other drug overdoses at catastrophic rates, we must do everything in

our power to slow the stem of trafficking.
Moreover, with surges in

violent crime across our country, we need to ensure that our federal

immigration authorities have the resources necessary to remove illegal

aliens who commit crimes against innocent Americans.
Each of these bills aim to empower federal authorities to reject or

remove illegal immigrants who commit certain crimes.