Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

career and accomplishments of one of southeastern Connecticut's most

prominent veterans' advocates, Mr. Paul Dillon.
Paul has dedicated his

retirement from his service in the U.S. Navy to being a staunch

defender of veterans both within his hometown of Gales Ferry,

Connecticut, and around the southeast region.
Paul served in the Navy for nearly a quarter century from 1956 to

1980 and was an exemplary sailor.
His service encompassed the Vietnam

War and his tenure saw him promoted to U.S. Navy Master Chief.
After

service, he became a member of my Veterans Advisory Council, the

president of the Nautilus Chapter of the Association of the U.S. Navy,

and more.
In 2012, he was befittingly inducted into the CT Veterans'

Hall of Fame.
The efforts he has made to protect and serve his country

reflect his generosity and patriotism.
His selfless commitment to his

community and to veterans from across the country has undoubtedly

inspired future generations.
Paul Dillon courageously and honorably served in the Navy during the

Vietnam War, putting his life on the line to defend our nation.
He was

a Master Chief Radio Man on the USS Oklahoma City and USS Providence

for three years.
Paul rose to the challenge of working over 18 hour

days, surrounded by constant fire.
The stressful conditions of war were

no match for Paul's tenacious spirit.
He continued to work tirelessly

to protect our country.
His presence was integral to the protection and

preservation of democracy and every American's liberty.
Unfortunately, Paul was exposed to Agent Orange during his tours and

to this day he suffers from the health complications caused from the

chemical exposure.
After his years of active-duty service ended, he

quickly focused

on advocating for veterans, especially for Blue Water Navy veterans

like him who suffered from similar service-connected health

complications.
Shockingly, the U.S. Veterans Administration in the

early 2000's refused to grant ``presumptive eligibility'' for agent

orange exposure health illness for veterans of AMERICA'S sea services.
The VA's ``foot on the ground'' rule granted such coverage for Army and

Marine Corps ground troops creating an outrageous disparity and

discrimination against Navy and Coast Guard veterans of the Vietnam

War.
It took 17 years of constant advocacy to finally get Congress to

pass a new law correcting this injustice.
Paul's personal experience

with the lasting impact of exposure served to enhance his advocacy

ability, giving him a unique understanding of the hardship endured by

many Vietnam era veterans.
It was an honor for me as his congressman to

help achieve this hard-fought legislative victory as an original

cosponsor of this measure.
When he was appointed as the Northeast Regional Vice President of the

National Association for Uniformed Services (NAUS), he worked on behalf

of other veterans to protect and enhance their earned benefits.
After his retirement from the Navy, Paul joined Sonalyst Inc. By

1983, he started at Northeast Utilities as a telecommunication manager

at Millstone Nuclear Power Station, retiring from his second career in

1997.
One year after his second retirement, Paul started at the Retired

Activities Office (RAO) at NSB New London where he remains today.
Paul's sense of modesty and obligation to the Connecticut veteran

community has been evidenced through his numerous volunteer

commitments.
In addition to his work at the RAO, he participates in

events to honor the veterans of the district, such as when he lays

wreaths on graves of veterans at the Jordan Cemetery in Waterford as

part of Wreaths Across America.
Moreover, he served the Co-Chairman of

Kaps for Kids in Groton.
With Kaps for Kids, he visits sick children,

brightening their days, at a local hospital each Veteran's Day.
His

attentiveness to those experiencing adversity is heartening and

inspiring.
I am honored and privileged to know Paul Dillon on a personal level.
Paul has been an irreplaceable asset as a member of my Veterans

Advisory Council.