Tara VanDerveer is the daughter of Dunbar and Rita VanDerveer and was

born in Boston in 1953.
She didn't play basketball at her first high

school, but she played when she transferred to Buffalo Seminary in her

junior year.
She attended Albany University where she played as a

freshman, then transferred to Indiana University, Bloomington where her

team reached the AIAW Final Four.
After college, Tara took an unpaid assistant coaching position at

Ohio State where she quickly ascended to Assistant Coach and Head JV

Coach.
She then became Head Coach at the University of Idaho.
She

returned to Ohio State as Head Coach for the 1980-1981 season and left

to become Stanford's Head Coach in 1985.
Her record at Stanford was 27-

5 by her third year, and her team earned a bid to the N.C.A.A.

tournament in 1988 and has done so every year since.
In 1989 Stanford

won the Pac-10 regular season and in 1990 reached the Final Four.
Tara

took a one-year leave from Stanford to coach the U.S. Olympic team,

winning the Gold at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.
Tara is loved by her players and is known for her fairness and her

moderate temperament.
Her rules for leadership success include having a

vision for her team, maximizing each player's strengths, and minimizing

their weaknesses.
She wants her players and staff to complement her,

not compliment her, and she always remembers her father's advice that

you `can't win the Kentucky Derby on a donkey.'
She is a good listener

and a constant learner who credits her parents for teaching her the

most about leadership.
Tara VanDerveer and the Stanford Women's Basketball team have brought

entertainment and joy to legions of fans.
Home game nights are

sacrosanct for the team's devotees.
They won't miss a game for

anything.
The fans know how much Tara deserves the almost fifty Coach

of the Year awards she has earned.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in

honoring Stanford Women's Basketball Coach Tara VanDerveer.
I'm

exceedingly proud to represent her and her teams in the Congress and

know that all my constituents join me in a huge college cheer for this

amazing champion.
She is widely and affectionately known by her well-

earned sobriquet, G.O.A.T. Tara VanDerveer is indeed the Greatest Of

All Time.
She is a national treasure and a jewel in the crown of the

16th Congressional District.