Title: CELEBRATING AVANCE'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
21

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING AVANCE'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

congratulate AVANCE for their 50 years of service uplifting Latino

families to their fullest potential.
San Antonio is proud to be home to

the headquarters of this leading nonprofit, which is dedicated to

improving the lives of Latino communities through high quality and

culturally responsible early childhood and parenting education.
In 1973, San Antonio native Dr. Gloria Rodriguez saw a need to

address growing systemic racial inequalities in education on our city's

Westside.
Fifty years later, what started out as a program serving 35

San Antonio families at one housing development project has grown into

a national-scale operation.
AVANCE now serves more than 13,000

caregivers and children every year throughout Texas and California.
AVANCE believes that parents are their child's first teacher and that

home is a child's first classroom, and that thinking guides their core

Parent-Child Education Program.
They work tirelessly to foster economic

mobility for Latino families by opening the door to opportunity for

both caregivers and children.
Over the years, hundreds of thousands of families have been impacted

by AVANCE's work.
By 2030, Latinos will make up nearly 30 percent of

the American student population.
Our nation's prosperity goes hand in hand with the success of these

students, and organizations like AVANCE that are ensuring that the next

generation of American leaders have a strong foundation.
I look forward

to many more years of powerful work from AVANCE and endless

possibilities for Latino families to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE EL PASO COUNTY SENIOR MEAL

PROGRAM

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 50th anniversary

of the El Paso County Senior Meal Program.
Since February 1974, El Paso has been assisting seniors across our

community to receive at least one warm meal a day through the Older

Americans Act.
The program first started at the Sacred Heart Church

Center and St. Alban's Church Center and there are now over 16 centers

across El Paso.
The El Paso County Senior Meal Program ensures that no

senior goes hungry.
Today, in partnership with various regional government entities such

as the City of El Paso, City of Socorro, City of San Elizario, Town of

Clint, as well as grant funders including the Rio Grande Area Agency on

Aging and the Texas Department of Health and Human Services, El Paso

County remains committed to delivering essential services, including

providing nutritious meals, facilitating socialization, conducting

wellness activities, and performing safety checks.
These services are

consistently offered across 16 congregate sites, where a dedicated team

approximately 12,057 congregate meals each month.
Additionally, an

impressive 39,000 home-delivered meals are distributed monthly as part

of this initiative.
Today, it is my privilege to recognize the significant contributions

of the El Paso County Community Services Department personnel, as well

as their partners and the multitude of volunteers involved in

delivering these essential and crucial services to our community, for

the last 50 years.
I wish them continued success and impact for many

years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PAUL DILLON

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

career and accomplishments of one of southeastern Connecticut's most

prominent veterans' advocates, Mr. Paul Dillon.
Paul has dedicated his

retirement from his service in the U.S. Navy to being a staunch

defender of veterans both within his hometown of Gales Ferry,

Connecticut, and around the southeast region.
Paul served in the Navy for nearly a quarter century from 1956 to

1980 and was an exemplary sailor.