Let us be clear: Labour’s disastrous deal is one of the worst foreign policy failures in modern British history.
Labour is surrendering an absolutely critical strategic defence asset that we operate together with our closest security partner—now we are told we will have to pay billions for the privilege of doing so.
When Labour negotiates, Britain loses, and loses big time.
While this House has been kept in the dark on the details, our counterparts in Mauritius have not.
They had a robust debate in Parliament, which many of us watched on YouTube.
It was just extraordinary.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius gave his Parliament a detailed account, and even a chronology, of the deal and the negotiations that led to it—details that Labour repeatedly refused to disclose to this House and which the Prime Minister of Mauritius set out in no uncertain terms so that nobody should be in any doubt.
This weak, hapless Government have backed down and the House deserves answers today.
Has the Minister given away our ability to unilaterally extend the period over which the UK can exercise sovereign rights on Diego Garcia?
The Mauritius Prime Minister says he has.
Has the Minister given away our ability to exercise sovereign rights over Diego Garcia entirely?
If so, what is the cost?
Is it £9 billion?
Is it £18 billion?
Is it to be inflation-proofed, as the Mauritian Prime Minister stated in Parliament yesterday?
If the Minister is frontloading payments, what other services will be cut here in the United Kingdom in the immediate term to make room and pay for the deal?
When Labour is imposing taxes on education, family farms and businesses, and has cut winter fuel payments for vulnerable pensioners, how can this eye-watering amount of money be justified to lease back a territory for which—guess what—we already own the freehold?
Will the Minister also say whether he will have to make defence cuts to absorb this enormous cost?
Should the Ministry of Defence be shouldering the costs?
What budget will it come from?
Will the Government count the payments towards the 2.5% defence target?
On the sovereignty of bases, does the deal pose a new precedent for other bases, such as Cyprus?
The Mauritius Prime Minister said last month that his Attorney General met the Minister and the UK Attorney General.
Will the Minister confirm what was discussed?
Importantly, may I ask again: if the Government think this is such a good deal, does he stand by that and will he defend our interests?
I have to say again to the right hon.
Lady that it was her Government—a Government that she was part of—who started the negotiations and went through 11 rounds of negotiations.
She knows full well the reasons why.
Quite frankly, I find it extraordinary for her to talk about defence and the national security  of this country, when we are having to rebuild and clear up the mess that her Government made of our armed forces and our defence.
I am very glad to be joined on the Front Bench by the Minister for the Armed Forces, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) .
It is this Government who are rebuilding our defence, increasing our spending, and delivering for our armed forces and national security around the world.
Indeed, this agreement is a crucial part of that.
A lot of the figures being speculated about in the media should, as I said yesterday, be taken with a pinch of salt.
We have been clear: there is no change to the substance or the quantum in relation to this agreement.
The right hon.
Lady raises inflation.
I am surprised she mentions that, because indexation was there in the public statement made about the negotiations on  3 October .
Indeed, it was part of the agreement from her Government, so I am very surprised that she asks that question.
Lastly, I am deeply disappointed, as are our friends in the overseas territories around the world, that constant false comparisons keep being made with our other bases and our other overseas territories.
This is not a read-across situation.
We are committed to our base on Cyprus.
We are committed to Gibraltar.
We are committed to the Falklands.
We have been absolutely and resolutely clear about that.
To continue to suggest that there is some sort of threat to them quite frankly undermines our national security and does not strengthen it in any way.
Does the Minister agree that, despite the Member for the Trump Government’s misrepresentations, the UK Government must provide their own independent global leadership based on UK values and UK interests to make a safer world, despite or because of the new US Administration’s changing foreign policy, including closing the United States Agency for International Development, and on the Chagos islands?
I set out yesterday, in a very important debate on our bilateral relations with the United States, just how much we are co-operating already with the new US Administration on defence, security and our shared priorities around growth and prosperity.
We are absolutely committed in our wider international obligations.
We have set that out, the Minister for Development, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  has set that out, and my colleagues have set that out in relation to climate change.
We will continue to work with the United States on all the global challenges we face.