The Minister has made it very clear, as have his fellow Ministers, that the urgency and necessity of action in this instance is based on the imminence of an adverse court judgment against the UK.
He knows that the International Court of Justice is not the court that we must be thinking of here, because the United Kingdom is not subject to the compulsory jurisdiction of the ICJ when it concerns disputes involving members or former members of the Commonwealth, so it cannot be an ICJ judgment that the Minister is worried about, can it?
If it is not that, what is it?
I have explained on a number of occasions, and the last Government knew the reasons, why it was necessary to proceed with a deal to secure the future operation of the base—that was very clear—and why our allies wanted us to secure it.
Let me give the right hon.
and learned Gentleman an example.
We currently have unrestricted and sole access to the electromagnetic spectrum, which is used to communicate with satellites and which is guaranteed and governed by the International Telecommunication Union, a United Nations body based in Geneva.
If we lose it we can still communicate, but so can others.
That is one of many examples.
There are a series of aspects that are important to the operations and the security of the base, its maintenance into the future, and its ability to operate unimpeded.
I can tell the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that all those considerations, and the protections that we have secured, have been part of why we have reached this deal.
We would not have agreed a deal that did not secure the unimpeded operation of the base into the future and also left it continually at risk, as it is at present.
We have not been able to obtain any facts from the Government about the cost.
The deal is, of course, inflation-linked, and we do not know what inflation will be in the future.
We do, however, know three facts: first, the base is crucial to our national interests; secondly, China is seeking to expand its influence across the Indian Ocean and Africa; and thirdly, the Mauritian Government will have clear, unambiguous sovereignty over the islands.
How can the Minister anticipate that our interests are safeguarded if he does not know what relationship future Mauritian Governments will have with China?
I have answered that question on a number of occasions.
Mauritius is one of the few African countries not to join the belt and road initiative—its alliance is with India—and we have clear guarantees in the treaty setting out the protections against malign  interests on the outer islands and, indeed, in the surrounding area.
That is why the whole United States security apparatus agreed to this.
We would not have agreed a deal that did not protect.
Let me give some examples.
The UK has full control over Diego Garcia, including control over the electromagnetic spectrum, and unrestricted access to and from the base; there is a buffer zone around Diego Garcia, in which nothing can be built or put in place without UK consent; and, of course, there are the various different robust mechanisms and review processes to ensure that no activity in the outer islands or the surrounding area can impinge on the operations of the base.
The right hon.
Gentleman can be assured that we would not have agreed a deal that would allow any malign force, wherever it might be in the world, to use the space around the islands or to interfere with our operations.
This is about putting the base on a secure footing into the future, for our national security and that of our allies.