When Labour negotiates, our country loses.
Yesterday, we heard that the Government offered £18 billion for Mauritius to take our territory in the Chagos islands.
This is money that belongs to our children and their children.
This is an immoral surrender, so that north London lawyers can boast at their dinner parties.
When Labour negotiates, we all lose.
Sometimes, it does not even bother to negotiate.
Why did the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero withdraw Government lawyers from defending the case against the eco-nutters who want to obstruct the Rosebank oil and gas field?
Let me deal with the serious issue that the Leader of the Opposition raises in relation to the Chagos case.
This is a military base that is vital to our national security.
A number of years ago, the legal certainty of that base was thrown into doubt.
Let me be clear, Mr Speaker, and I shall pick my words carefully.
Without legal certainty, the base cannot operate in practical terms as it should.
That is bad for our national security and a gift to our adversaries.
Some within the Conservative party know exactly what I am talking about.
That is why the last Government started negotiations about sovereignty and about securing the long-term use of the base.
They were right to do so.
That is why the last Government conducted 11 of the 13 rounds of those negotiations, and they were right to do so.
That is why this Government have completed that process, and we were right to do so.
Mr Speaker, I will set out the details when they are finalised and they will, of course, be presented to Parliament, but if the Leader of the Opposition is properly briefed on the national security implications when she is asking these questions, which she is perfectly entitled to do, then she knows exactly what I am talking about in terms of national security and legal certainty.
If, on the other hand, she is not properly briefed on the national security implications, she is not doing her job, she is not concerned about national security and she is not fit to be Prime Minister.
How can anyone believe that this man is defending UK interests when he bends the knee to anyone who asks him?
His answer was so weak and so waffly it is no wonder that he needs a voice coach.
But he did not answer the question I asked him—why the Energy Secretary was not defending our country.
The Secretaries of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs received nearly £400,000-worth of donations from Lisbet Rausing.
It is her money that is behind the court case that will stop an £8 billion investment, threaten thousands of jobs and endanger energy security for all of us.
Did the Energy Secretary refuse to defend UK interests because he is funded by billionaire eco-zealots?
I shall come to that very issue, but I notice that the Leader of the Opposition did not say that she was briefed about the Chagos issue.
This is important.
When she became Leader of the Opposition, I said to her that I would give her a briefing on any national security issue if she asked for it.
That is very important to the way that we run our democracy.
She has not asked for a briefing on the Chagos case.
That is because she is more interested in chasing Reform than in national security.
Oil and gas will be part of our energy supply for many years to come.
We have been absolutely clear about that, but we are going through a transition.
It is important because that transition to renewable energy will give us lower bills and energy security, it will take Putin’s foot off our throat and it will be good for the national interest.
That is a weak answer, because the Prime Minister does not know what is going on.
Last week, I asked about the employment Bill; he did not know what was going on.
We asked about the education Bill; he did not know what was going on.
Let me tell him what is going on.
Perhaps he can answer some  questions.
Shell has said that a one-year delay to Rosebank will cost £350 million and the loss of 1,000 jobs.
Equinor has said that a two-year delay to Jackdaw will cost £800 million.
The only benefit that I can see is the £400,000 to Labour Ministers.
At a time of war in Europe, threatened energy security and increased competition from the US and elsewhere, we should be getting British oil and gas out of the ground.
Does the Prime Minister have the guts to take on Labour donors and his Energy Secretary and approve the licence applications when they are resubmitted?
The Leader of the Opposition does not even want to know what is going on; otherwise she would have asked for the relevant briefings.
She knows the position on Rosebank.
She knows that the court case has meant that the licence has to be reviewed.
There is a process that has to be gone through in the proper way.
She understands that, but yet again she is proving that all she can do is student politics, and playing party politics.
I am speaking on behalf of the people of this country.
When Labour negotiates, our country loses.
The Prime Minister talks about bringing growth and investment.
Last week, he lost a £450 million investment from AstraZeneca that we negotiated, which would have delivered growth immediately.
That same day, he also lost the £8 billion oilfield investment that would have delivered next year.
Business is abandoning the North sea because of his decisions.
What signal does he think he is sending to investors?
As the Leader of the Opposition knows, AstraZeneca’s was a commercial decision.
She must understand that.
All she does is come here every week carping from the sidelines, talking our country down.
We have the highest investment for 19 years.
PwC says that we are the second best place to invest in the world.
The International Monetary Fund has upgraded growth.
Wages are up.
Inflation is down.
There is more to do: reforming planning and regulation, building new homes, and supporting a third runway at Heathrow.
What unites those?
Championed by Labour, opposed by the Tories.
It is so hard to believe anything the Prime Minister says.
This is a man who needed “emergency” voice coaching on Christmas eve.
This Government are so clueless they are borrowing £8 billion for GB Energy—a vanity project that is not great, not British, and does not produce any energy.
Its own chairman admitted that it will take 20 years to create just 1,000 jobs.
Meanwhile, 200,000 jobs are at stake in our oil and gas sector right now.
Does the Prime Minister think that 1,000 jobs in 20 years’ time are worth more than the 200,000 jobs that we have now?
Again, the Leader of the Opposition clearly has not been briefed, or does not want to be briefed.
GB Energy will be a publicly owned energy company that will drive the move to renewables.
It is not about the number of jobs in HQ; it is about the thousands upon thousands of jobs that it will generate to give us energy security, which is something we did not have under the last Government, and take Putin’s boot off our throat—something that did not happen under the last Government.
They lost control of the economy.
We are getting it back.