Last week I had the opportunity to visit two of the local jobcentres that serve my constituency.
The dedication of the staff I met to helping our local community, supporting people into work and adapting to the area’s needs was inspiring.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we must listen to their frontline experience as we look to remove the barriers to work that keep people locked out of jobs?
Will he visit those teams with me to see the work that they do?
Our “Get Britain Working” White Paper sets out the biggest reforms to employment support in a generation, backed by £240 million of investment.
Through our plan for change, we will boost living standards and have more secure, rewarding jobs to make work pay.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the negotiations of the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos islands to Mauritius.
As we and Mauritius have repeatedly said, including in joint statements on  20 December  and  13 January , both sides remain committed to concluding a deal on the future of the Chagos archipelago that protects the long-term, effective operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
Securing the long-term future of the base has been and remains our primary objective throughout this process.
Following technical talks between the UK and Mauritius last month, we have made very good progress towards this deal.
Both sides have agreed that, given the importance of the base to the United States as well as to us, it is right that the new US Administration have the chance to consider the full agreement properly, as I discussed with  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  in yesterday’s Westminster Hall debate.
We are closely engaging with the Administration, including sharing the full details of the agreement.
It would not be appropriate or usual for me to give a running commentary on the detail of those discussions or the agreement.
As I have said on a number of occasions, Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise the deal in the usual way.
Following signature, the Government will bring forward a Bill to implement the treaty.
I must reiterate that the Government inherited a situation where the long-term future of the military base, which is vital to UK and US security, was under threat, as opposition Members know.
The previous Government recognised that, which is why they began negotiations in 2022 and held 11 rounds of negotiations.
This Government have secured a deal that protects the base for at least the next 99 years—a period that can be extended.
That means that the UK and the US will be able to operate the base unchanged well into the next century.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty for robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands and ensuring that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
We would only agree a deal that we are confident protects our national security and that of our allies.
The Mauritian Parliament had the opportunity yesterday to debate this at length, but it seems the Minister was perhaps rather more reluctant to be here today.
Jonathan Powell, our national security adviser, has been doing the rounds in Washington, where he has been telling everybody, including members of the new US Cabinet, that this is necessary—that we have to give away the sovereignty of the Chagos islands—and that in those circumstances a negotiated 99-year lease is the best option.
But that is just not true, is it?
It is not true at all.
It does not stand.
There is no legal basis on which we have to give away the sovereignty of the Chagos  islands.
An advisory judgment from the International Criminal Court has no force of legal power whatsoever; indeed, America disregards it so much that it is not even a member.
The Americans, by the way, have been pretty busy with foreign policy just lately, so it is perhaps no wonder that Diego Garcia has not been high on their agenda, but when they wake up to the fact that this has been done—wholly unnecessarily—I would not be surprised if we find ourselves, together with the European Union, in their tariff regime.
Can the Minister confirm that there is no binding legal basis for this transfer of sovereignty whatsoever?
The hon.
Gentleman goes over ground that he has gone over before, with questions I have answered in this House and, indeed, which were discussed in yesterday’s debate.
We have been very clear, as indeed were the previous Government, that this base was not on a secure footing.
This has been done in full agreement with the US national security apparatus across the piece.
He refers to the ICC; it was, of course, the International Court of Justice that made that judgment.
We are very clear that the joint UK-US base on Diego Garcia plays a critical role in countering an array of threats to regional and international security, and we will not scrimp on the security of that base or on the solidity of the agreements around it.
We will ensure that it is in operation well into the next century and that we are able to operate unimpeded as we do today.
That is exactly why the previous Government recognised there was a problem and engaged in this process, and it is why we have brought that problem to a conclusion, with a deal that protects our interests and the interests of the United States and that ensures the security of the base and its operation.
As I have said, once the treaty is signed, it will be brought before the House for scrutiny before ratification in the usual way.
[Interruption.]
I hear chuntering from the Opposition Benches.
I have to say, the Opposition seem to have collective amnesia over this issue.
They know full well the reasons behind this; many of them were members of the previous Government.
They have heard what the Prime Minister just said on the Leader of the Opposition’s attacks.
We are very clear that this is about defending the UK’s security, putting the base on a secure footing and securing that for the future, for both us and our allies.
At the most recent Environmental Audit Committee sitting, we heard about the importance of the Chagos islands for the marine environment.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us anything more about the specific reassurances we have had on that crucial area for the biodiversity of the marine environment, and how that will be protected after this deal, from the discussions that he has had?