My hon.
Friend mentions a vital area.
There is an important role for youth services as part of this, but we also need to do much more around safeguarding.
The provisions in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill on multi-agency child protection measures and much more besides, and the additional investment that we are putting into the system around children’s social care, will make a real difference in tackling the unacceptable exploitation that sadly blights the lives of too many children across our country.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to  implement the findings of the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman report on women’s state pension age.
The Government have made and published their decision.
We accepted the ombudsman’s finding of maladministration and apologised for the delay in writing to the women affected.
We have started working with the ombudsman to make sure that lessons are learnt, and we will develop a plan for effective and timely state pension communication.
It is fair to say that people are disillusioned with politics and politicians because they feel that things do not change—not for the better, anyway.
The Tories would not compensate the WASPI women, and it looks like neither will we.
The Tories here and the Scottish National party Government in Holyrood abandoned the workers of the Grangemouth refinery, and I have to say that, so far, our Government have not fared any better.
My question is a pointed one: do the Secretary of State and the wider Government not realise that if we do not provide the positive change that we promised and improve living standards, the next Government could be a hard-line, far-right effort that looks to impoverish society further?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we have been elected on a manifesto of change, and change is we what will deliver.
We have been working hard on Grangemouth.
On the question of WASPI, we do not think that compensation is appropriate.
The evidence is that 90% of those affected did know that a change was coming, but we cannot work out now who did and who did not know.
Among those investigated by the ombudsman, nobody lost out financially from not knowing, so we could not justify paying out up to £10 billion in compensation.
Instead, we are going to work to make sure that the problem never happens again.
Women across this United Kingdom feel let down by this Government, and rightly so.
What will the Minister do to reassure those women?
He needs to put action to his words and support those women who have been wronged for so many years, right across this United Kingdom.
We are going to work with the ombudsman to make sure that this never happens again.
A detailed report will be published, and we are committed to making sure that in future, sufficient notice is given of any state pension changes.
We are also going to develop a communications strategy using the most up-to-date methods for the state pension.
For example, the “check your state pension” service gives a forecast including telling people when they can take their state pension.
When she expects the Equality and Human Rights Commission to publish its revised code of practice for services, public functions and associations.
This Government are steadfast in their commitment to protecting single-sex spaces and committed to ensuring that services feel confident in providing them, with better guidance.
The EHRC will publish the revised code once it has finalised the draft and it has been approved by Ministers.
That follows the EHRC’s consultation, which has now closed.
The Government have recognised that there was confusion or a lack of awareness about the same-sex exceptions in the Equality Act 2010 and how to apply them practice, so does the Minister agree that the updated EHRC statutory code is needed as soon as possible to make it explicitly clear that the Act provides for single-sex services for biological women?
It is vital that service providers have clear guidance about the Equality Act.
The EHRC has already published non-statutory guidance on the legislation for separate and single-sex service providers, and the new Government have also acted to underline that single-sex refuges, for example, are fully legally compliant, as I emphasised when I visited such a refuge in September.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on tackling violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
I am not sure that Mr Speaker would allow me to go into quite that level of detail on the amount of discussions I have with the Home Secretary on this issue.
It would take hours, because this happens every single day.
This weekend, the Government announced that we will be spending £13.1 million to create a national policing centre for violence against women and girls and public protection, and that is due to launch in April.
According to the National Audit Office’s report published on Friday, the epidemic of violence against women and girls is getting worse, and current prevention activities have largely “focused on reducing reoffending rather than avoiding initial offences.”
In Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, which includes my Eastleigh constituency, 39,221 domestic abuse incidents and crimes were recorded from April 2023 to March 2024.
Following recent tragic events, what measures is the Minister taking to encourage prevention and foster the cultural change necessary to keep women and girls safe?