The call for evidence started last year by the Leader of the Opposition, when she was Minister for Women and Equalities, asked the public to share examples of bad guidance on single-sex spaces and services.
This Labour Government initially shared just 42 responses—just 1% of the responses—with the Equality and Human Rights Commission, which is the body that gives advice to institutions on equality in the law.
Why did the Government rule out 99% of the public responses?
That is a massive betrayal of Labour’s manifesto commitment to protect single-sex spaces.
The public rightly deserve to have every single one of over 3,000 submissions considered properly by the EHRC.
Order.
These are topical questions—they need to be short and punchy, which this answer will be.
Come on.
The previous Government’s scope was narrow.
We are taking action to give all providers the assurances that they need that single-sex spaces can be provided.
I have met representatives from the EHRC to discuss that point and I have written to the EHRC about it.
I will take no lectures from the Conservatives on single-sex spaces, when the use of mixed-sex hospital wards increased on their watch.
My living wage intern starts next week, just as a Sutton Trust report shows that internships are critical entry points to careers, but that working-class graduates are 20% less likely to complete an internship than their wealthier peers and most internships are never advertised.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that career success is based on hard work and talent, not parents’ social networks?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that no young person should be held back by their background or expected to work for free.
We remain committed to banning unpaid internships, so that young people are paid fairly.
We will set out further details in due course.
In Norfolk and Waveney, 44% of women on the gynaecology waiting list have been waiting for treatment for longer than the 18-week NHS target, and one in 10 have been waiting over a year.
They are the worst waiting time statistics in England, so will the Minister set out what conversations she has had with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to ensure that women in North Norfolk will no longer be left behind?
We have had many conversations with the Health Secretary about this, because it is unacceptable that women were let down because of the lack of action by the previous Government.
We are overhauling women’s healthcare and placing women’s equality at the heart of our agenda, including by investing an extra £26 billion in the health system.
Working-class boys in the north-east are being held back by an attainment gap, based on gender and income.
The previous Government had no strategy for dealing with such attainment gaps.
What will this Government do?
Will the Minister commit to a strategy on this issue?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is disgraceful that the attainment gap rose under the last Government, and I will not rest until we deliver for kids from communities like ours.
I agree that it is not good enough that only one in five disadvantaged white British boys achieve grade 5 or above in maths and English at GCSE.
We are determined to turn that around.
We are investing more in our schools and in driving up school standards.
What steps are the Government taking to improve female representation in all areas of sport, not just on the playing field but in the commercial side of sport, including in advertising, management and merchandise?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
We need to ensure there is diversity in representation at all levels in sport.
I am happy to look further into the issues she has raised.
Too many disabled people reported being unable to vote at last year’s general election.
Will the Minister ensure that electoral administrators are reminded of their obligations under equality law to ensure that disabled people can exercise their right to vote independently and in secret?
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of the issue she identifies.
I will ensure that the relevant Minister picks up on the point and ensures that electoral administrators are aware of their responsibilities.
The Government have a long-standing position that they do not engage with the Muslim Council of Britain,   so why did the Minister for Social Security and Disability decide to breach collective responsibility to attend a recent dinner hosted by the MCB?
The Government’s position on relations with the MCB has not changed.