The Prime Minister, and the Minister just now, have stressed the strategic importance of the military base at Diego Garcia.
Can the Minister make it clear that there will be no restrictions in the lease as to what the base can be used for or what might be stored there, and that the UK will have the right to extend that lease when it expires?
I can absolutely confirm that there will be no change in the operations of the base.
That is the basis on which this agreement is founded, along with all the provisions and protections within it.
As I explained in earlier answers, the lease is for 99 years, with the possibility of an extension at the end of it.
Can the Minister assure us that he will not be dragged down the road of rebuilding the empire, as he was invited to do by  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , and will he also confirm that in international law, the Chagos islands in their entirety have become part of Mauritius?
Should we not be concentrating on the right of return of all Chagossians to the islands, for which they have been campaigning ever since the 1980s, when they were so disgracefully removed?
This is an issue of decolonisation, and of the Chagossians’ right of return.
I should be grateful if the Minister confirmed that any agreement with Mauritius will include their automatic right of return to the archipelago and their right at least to visit, and if necessary reside briefly in, Diego Garcia.
They have suffered too long and too hard, and they have been treated so brutally that they deserve justice.
The primary purpose here is national security and ensuring the functioning of the base, but the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of the Chagossians and their treatment in the past, which we all agree was wrong, and their interests are absolutely at the heart of this agreement.
It will mean that, for the first time, we can resume visits to all the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate protections in place.
Hopefully, it will allow settlement on the outer islands, which is part of our discussions with Mauritius on the treaty.
Of course, the Chagossians can, subject to the relevant security clearances, work on  Diego Garcia as well.
We recognise their lands, graves and history, and our package of measures to support the Chagossian community—both globally through a trust fund and here in the UK—will be very important.
Those are some of the issues on which we look forward to engaging with Chagossian representatives over the weeks to come.
The US has the most substantial interest in Diego Garcia, which is the fulcrum of what we are discussing today.
Although I understand that the Minister cannot disclose the details of the compensatory package that is being negotiated, is it reasonable to assume that the US will be making a substantial contribution to that compensatory package?
As I have said, I am not going to give a running commentary on the discussions.
What I will say is that the full details are being shared with the current US Administration, and it was absolutely right that they had the chance to consider them.
We are always being accused of rushing, but this has been going on for more than two years.
There have been lengthy rounds of discussions and lengthy rounds of negotiations, mostly under the previous Government, but it is absolutely right that the new US Administration have time to consider the deal and to be provided with the details, particularly around security issues, so that they can be absolutely sure about the security of the base and its operation into the future, which is in their interests and ours.
It is outrageous that we only know the detailed speculation about this deal because of the briefing from the Mauritian Prime Minister to his Members of Parliament.
It is outrageous that the amount of money being talked about now is £18 billion, which is enough to pay for the winter fuel allowance for all our pensioners for the next 12 years.
The Minister will not tell this House the actual quantum of money that he is discussing with Mauritius.
Can he put it on the record now, and can he tell us out of which departmental budget it needs to be paid?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that the figure that she pulled out is categorically untrue.
She had the answer in her question: she said “speculation”.
There is a huge amount of speculation, and I would take the vast majority of it with a pinch of salt.
My right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright)  spoke incredibly slowly and incredibly clearly—so much so that even I understood his question.
However, the Minister did not actually give him an answer.
When we joined the ICJ, we did so on the basis of a carve-out that meant that no ruling by the ICJ in respect of Commonwealth or former Commonwealth countries could be binding on His Majesty’s Government.
Is it the ICJ that he is concerned about, or another court?
As we have said repeatedly, the base was not on a sustainable footing.
This deal puts it on a sustainable footing.
What does it say about this Government’s priorities that they will deny pensioners the winter fuel payment, leave  WASPI women with nothing and fail to support jobs on Merseyside by supporting AstraZeneca at Speke, and that they should be contemplating an emergency Budget to raise more taxes on hard-working British people, while spaffing £9 billion on Mauritius?
I am not entirely sure what the right hon.
Gentleman’s question is.
If he is talking about the previous Government’s economic legacy to this one, we have a substantial disagreement.
The fact is that we are picking up the pieces from the mess in which his Government left the country economically and, crucially, in terms of our national defence.
We will not scrimp when it comes to our national security, we will not scrimp when it comes to our armed forces, and we will not scrimp when it comes to our overseas bases and our commitments to our allies.
That is exactly why we are getting this deal.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
There has never been a satisfactory explanation as to why this deal was rushed out hours before a very unpopular Government called a general election in Mauritius, which created the impression that this Government were attempting to interfere in Mauritius’s democratic process.
The outcome was that the Mauritian Government secured only one seat in their Parliament in the general election.
Can the Minister finally tell us why it was imperative to rush the deal out in that timeframe, hours before an election was called?
Again, I refer to my previous statements.
There has been no rush.
We have been engaging with our Mauritian counterparts and the United States Administration, and we believe that we have a deal that meets all the interests of those involved and, crucially, that protects our national security.
There is no rush.
This matter must be so important if it consumes so much of the Minister’s credibility and £18 billion of taxpayers’ money.
One would think there would be more than four Government Back Benchers here to speak about it.
Is it that they do not care, or do they lack the literacy to discuss these issues?
The Minister said on the “Today” programme this morning that we have passed the situation on to the White House, that we await its feedback and that, when we receive it, we will know exactly where we stand as a Government.
Is that the type of sovereignty he is after?
There are so many different bits of the hon.
Gentleman’s question that I do not recognise.
For a start, I was not on the “Today” programme this morning, so I do not know who he is referring to.
I certainly do not recognise the figure of £18 billion, so I do not understand at all what he is getting at.