On Monday, a judge in an employment tribunal brought by the GMB union ruled that predominantly female Asda employees on the shop floor and predominantly male employees working in Asda’s warehouses—completely different roles with different conditions—were carrying out work of equal value.
The ruling, which is similar to that which bankrupted Birmingham city council, could cost Asda £1.2 billion in back pay and an annual wage bill increase of £400 million—an even bigger blow than the additional £100 million increase in the company’s wage bill as a result of the Chancellor’s Budget.
Does the Minister agree that private companies should be free to set different wages for completely different jobs, irrespective of the gender balance in those roles, without being overruled by the courts?
[Interruption.]
I think the response of the House is very similar to the response of the general public and, indeed, the response of business.
Business knows that having pay that is in line with skills, and equal pay for work of equal value, is incredibly important.
Clearly, matters that have been covered in employment tribunals are for those tribunals to determine, and I would not criticise the results of an employment tribunal from within this House if I were the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Education on SEND provision.
This Government’s ambition is that all children with special educational needs receive the right support to succeed, where possible, in mainstream schools.
To further support that vision, in December I announced £740 million of high-needs capital for 2025-26.
The Department is working closely with experts on reforms and has recently appointed a strategic adviser for SEND, who will play a key role in engaging with practitioners, children and families as we consider the next steps in SEND reform.
I draw Members’ attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Hertfordshire currently receives the third lowest SEND funding in the country, despite the number of children in the county with education, health and care plans growing by 223% in the last decade.
What steps is the Minister taking with her Cabinet colleagues to create a fairer funding system that ensures that all children, wherever they live across the country, can have the funding they need to support their education?
I recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s interest in this area, and the interest of Members from right across the House in the urgent need to reform the SEND system.
However, I gently observe that we inherited the funding mechanism from the previous Government, and that the last Conservative Education Secretary said that the SEND system they have left behind is “lose, lose, lose”.
We are determined to fix it, to build up parents’ confidence, and to make sure that all children get the education and support that they need.