The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— What assessment she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the accessibility of domestic violence prevention services for women.
Because this is the first opportunity I have had to do so, may I offer my heartfelt congratulations to  the right hon.
Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho)  on welcoming her new son into the world?
I wish her and her family every happiness in this wonderful phase of their journey together.
The Government are steadfast in their mission to halve violence against women and girls.
Having run a women’s refuge before coming to this place, I know how important it is for survivors to receive effective, timely support, and we are investing more in those services.
In her 2022 report, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner warned of “A Patchwork of Provision” in local services.
Just six in 10 victims reported being able to access a helpline, and only four in 10 reported being able to obtain refuge accommodation.
Local organisations such as WomenCentre Calderdale and Kirklees do fantastic work for my constituents, but not all victims and survivors have the right support when they need it.
Will the Minister ensure that the upcoming violence against women and girls strategy includes a requirement for the Government to engage with the sector so that women across the country receive consistent care and support?
Let me start by paying tribute to Halifax WomenCentre for its vital work in Calder Valley.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will engage across Government, drawing on expertise in the sector through the development of our new violence against women and girls strategy, which will be published later this year.
We have provided an increase of £30 million for domestic abuse safe accommodation services, as well as doing wider work to help local commissioners to identify needs and commission appropriate services.
Organisations such as Voices and the Southside project in Bath provide a wonderful and important service for victims of abuse, but they need the long-term certainty of funding.
Does the Minister agree that we need to give them that certainty?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for mentioning the excellent organisations in her constituency and the work that they do to support survivors.
We are investing more in provision, but I understand her point about the need for security of long-term funding, and we will consider that as part of our VAWG strategy.