Order.
I am sure you want to ask a serious question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Apologies.
Will the Minister reassure me, as he has in his response and in countless statements before, that when the treaty comes before the House, securing our national security will be paramount through a process that, as he said, was started under the previous Government?
We will not scrimp on national security, as I have said.
There has been no change to the substance of the deal or the overall quantum agreed.
We will present the process in the usual way, as I have said multiple occasions.
I want to try to be helpful to the Minister.
I was the Deputy Foreign Secretary throughout much of the negotiations and I am in a position to tell the House that neither my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly)  nor the noble Lord Cameron in the other place would ever, as Foreign Secretary, have done the deal that the Government are now intent upon.
I think the Minister must be praying every night for a “get out of jail free” card—that, when the American Administration come to look at the deal, they will veto it and get the Government off the hook.
I set out very clearly the reasons for the doing the deal.
It is the right deal for our national security and that of our allies.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that because his Government started the process.
We are engaged in constructive discussions with our US counterparts.
It was absolutely right that they had the chance to consider the deal.
We will allay any concerns raised, and that have been raised in the House previously, in terms of the security provisions.
They have been provided with the full detail of the agreement.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  says he wants to help UK relations with the US, but he has a very funny way of going about it.
Opposition Members state over and over again that they understand the desires and the psyche of the US military and its people, yet they ignore the fact that, the ICJ rulings aside, the previous and present US Administrations understand the language of business and agreements, and not the gentlemen’s agreements that have in the past marred discussions and negotiations about the stability and persistent military presence on the islands.
It is for that reason that I ask the Minister if he agrees that the confirmation of the legal status of the base will cement our role in the Indo-Pacific and put us in a strong position to counter Chinese influence in the region.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about protecting against malign interests.
That is exactly at the heart of the deal.
He is also exactly right about the history of why the deal was needed.
That was, of course, recognised by the previous Government, which was why they started the negotiations.
We wanted to put the base on a secure footing well into the next century, which is what I assume they were trying to do previously and spent 11 rounds negotiating.
We have come to a deal that is in our national interest.
Most crucially, it is our national security and that of our allies that is at the heart of it.
There are multiple safeguards in place in the treaty.
They will protect our national security and that of our allies.
Given that what the Minister has told the House today is so at variance with the report from the Prime Minister of Mauritius, surely it rings alarm bells in his mind about the nature of the polity and the individuals with whom he is negotiating—and has he entirely lost his moral compass?
The Government are considering taxing death-in-service benefits of our servicemen while at the same time contemplating spending £18 billion on saving a base that we already own.
I am not going to reflect on the appalling record of the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government on defence and our service people.
We are getting around to rebuilding our relationship with our armed forces and rebuilding our defences, in view of the global threats that we face.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Mauritian Prime Minister, who is, of course, responsible for his own words.
I certainly do not recognise some of the commentary that there has been over the last 48 hours.
It is clear that there has been no change in the substance of the deal or in the overall quantum agreed.