Llandudno is a beautiful seaside town and a wonderful place to visit, but businesses are struggling with a rise in shoplifting.
In many cases, thieves are stealing in full view of staff because they just do not fear the consequences.
The recent funding boost for neighbourhood policing is very welcome, but will the Prime Minister please tell my constituents what more the Government are doing to tackle retail crime and deter repeat offenders?
For far too long, crimes such as shoplifting have been written off as “low level.”
That is wrong; such crimes are devastating.
The Conservative party left us with rising crime and effectively told the police to ignore shoplifting of under £200-worth of goods.
We have got rid of that shoplifters’ charter, and we are working hard to ensure that we take a grip where they lost control.
Following the earlier question from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey), I want to raise an equally troubling case.
My constituent retired from the police force to care for his wife, working a part-time job to help pay the bills.
As his earnings were not consistent, there were times when he was above the carer’s allowance threshold, causing later payments to be withheld.
He is now owed thousands of pounds, and recently he was diagnosed with grade 4 glioblastoma, which has made the situation even more serious.
Will the Prime Minister agree to look at the situation and ensure that the Department for Work and Pensions supports rather than penalises carers?
Again, we have obviously set up the independent review into exactly what happened in those cases, which was the right thing to do.
We will look at individual circumstances, so if the hon.
Member is willing to pass the details to me, we will look at them.
Audit Scotland recently exposed the incredible funding crisis facing our councils in Scotland, with a £759 million funding gap.
It also reported that the  12 councils that make up the Strathclyde pension fund are reducing their employer contributions from 19.3% to 6.5%.
Does the Prime Minister agree that instead of taking money out of workers’ pensions, the Scottish Government should appropriately fund our councils?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out the failure of the Government in Scotland.
They do not want to talk about that failure.
They have got the powers, and they have got the resources; they just have not got any excuses left.
When he next plans to visit Scotland.
The hon.
Member asks about visiting Scotland.
As he knows, my first visit, within days of becoming Prime Minister, was to Scotland, where I met the First Minister.
I have also visited Scotland for the meeting of the Councils of the Nations and Regions in October, for the Interpol General Assembly in November and for the British Irish Council in Edinburgh in December.
I look forward to going again very soon.
Interestingly, the Prime Minister could not tell me when he will next be visiting Scotland, but does he agree with the withering assessment of the eminent politics professor Sir John Curtice, who says that the current UK Prime Minister is “the worst thing that ever happened to Anas Sarwar”?
If he does not—and he should—does he think that it is stripping Scottish pensioners of their winter fuel payment, abandoning workers in Grangemouth or attacking the national insurance payments of farmers that has catastrophically torpedoed Labour in the polls in Scotland?
When he does get a date, he can even bring his Chancellor with him to back him up on the numbers—assuming that she is still Chancellor by then.
I remember when that rhetoric used to come from SNP Members sitting down there— That’s the same answer you gave the last time.
Order.
Mr Doogan, I want no more.
The hon.
Member has to shout because the SNP Members are so far away at the back and there are so few of them that otherwise they would not be heard.
My constituent Matthew and his mum Catherine, alongside Emma Murphy and Janet Williams, have campaigned for many years to get compensation for families affected by the epilepsy drug sodium valproate.
Twelve months on from the Patient Safety Commissioner’s report on this matter, those harmed are still waiting for the recommendations to be implemented.
How much longer will the individuals and families impacted by valproate need to wait for the clarity they seek?
Will the Prime Minister arrange for a Health Minister to meet valproate campaigners to discuss this important matter?
This is obviously a really important matter.
I understand that the Minister for patient safety met patient groups before Christmas to hear their stories, their accounts and their experiences at first hand.
We will provide an update on the Patient Safety Commissioner’s report at the earliest opportunity to the House.
We all know how the song goes: “You’ve got to know when to hold ’em, Know when to fold ’em, Know when to walk away, And know when to run”.
We in Northern Ireland have done all of them, because the system of government that we have is a gamble.
Well, I am not prepared to roll the dice on the people of Lagan Valley, who have already been without government 40% of the time.
The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland says that he wants to stop the cycles of collapse, and so do I, but do not then turn around and tell us in Northern Ireland that we cannot deliver public service transformation, if no steps are taken to stop the collapse.
The people of Northern Ireland who I represent—nationalist, Unionist and unaligned, like myself—are all out of aces.
Our public services are on the floor.
Will this Government be the one to step up to the plate, reform the institutions, end the veto and stop rolling the dice on the people of Northern Ireland?
Since 1998, the Good Friday agreement has delivered a far more peaceful society in Northern Ireland, and that is really important.
Restoration of power sharing was a significant milestone, and it allows the institutions to make progress on the most important issues to the people of Northern Ireland.
We will continue to work with all parties to that end.
I was delighted recently to visit Chaucer school, a great school in my constituency with fantastic young people and innovative and motivated teaching staff, but 14 years of Tory government did not do enough for more than 300,000 children across the country attending schools that are stuck and kept receiving poor Ofsted judgments.
Will the Prime Minister set out how this Government will tackle inequality and tear down barriers to opportunity through our plan for change?
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill will ensure that all schools can innovate, that new teachers are qualified and that every child receives a consistent core education to set them up for success in life.
Five months ago, the Care Quality Commission reported that two thirds of maternity units in England were unsafe, and years of unsafe staffing levels have resulted in the NHS paying an astonishing £1.15 billion a year in compensation due to avoidable injuries caused during childbirth and sometimes deaths.
The previous Conservative Government allowed maternity services to deteriorate to the point where many consider it to be a public health crisis.
Will the Prime Minister commit to improving maternity care and women’s health services as a top priority, so that our maternity unit in Winchester and those around the rest of the country are the safest places in the world for women to give birth?