Can I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the terrible murder of the 15-year-old in Sheffield and say that we support any effective action against knife crime that the Government propose?
At his first Prime Minister’s questions, I told the Prime Minister about my constituent Andrea.
A full-time carer for her mother, Andrea is one of thousands of carers caught up in the carer’s allowance scandal, hounded by the Department for Work and Pensions for repayments.
The Prime Minister accepted that there was a problem and set up an independent review, and we welcome that.
But two months after the announcement of the review, Andrea received a letter summoning her to a tribunal next week.
Her mother’s health has been deteriorating—she has had to go into a care home—and this is the last thing Andrea needs.
Will the Prime Minister step in and do the right thing and cancel Andrea’s tribunal and all proceedings against carers like Andrea, at least until the review is concluded?
We set up the independent review, and I know the right hon.
Gentleman welcomes that, and it was the right thing to do.
I do not know the  details of Andrea’s case, but if he provides them to me, I will certainly make sure that we have the details and look into what has happened in her particular case.
I am grateful for that reply.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions wrote to me and was not interested in engaging, so I hope the Prime Minister will be.
Turning to foreign policy, last night many of us were alarmed to hear President Trump speak about forcibly displacing 1.8 million people from Gaza.
The Prime Minister has spoken to the President on several occasions now.
Does he personally believe that Trump recognises the dangers of statements like this to the fragile ceasefire in Gaza and, indeed, to the security of both Palestinians and Israelis?
I am glad that the Foreign Secretary has confirmed that the Government’s position is still a two-state solution—I think that has support on all sides of the House—but will he reassure the House that this position and our concerns on these dangerous statements from the President will be communicated to the White House directly and firmly?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue.
The most important issue on the ceasefire is obviously that it is sustained and that we see it through the phases, and that means that the remaining hostages come out and the aid that is desperately needed gets into Gaza at speed and at the volumes that are needed.
I have, from the last few weeks, two images fixed in my mind.
The first is the image of Emily Damari reunited with her mother, which I found extremely moving.
The second is the image of thousands of Palestinians literally walking through the rubble to try to find their homes and their communities in Gaza.
They must be allowed home.
They must be allowed to rebuild, and we should be with them in that rebuild on the way to a two-state solution.
The announcement of a third runway at Heathrow is obviously a massive boost to growth in the economy.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that it is important that the economic boost is spread around the UK, and will he therefore agree to ask the relevant Minister to meet me and other Glasgow MPs with the chamber of commerce to discuss the possibility of a new supply chain hub being created in the city, where the materials for Heathrow’s expansion could be reassembled?
My hon.
Friend is right that the new runway at Heathrow can boost economic growth across the whole country.
It would boost the economy by billions and create over 100,000 jobs across the UK, with 60% of the economic benefits outside London and the south-east.
It is good for Scottish passengers and Scottish businesses—and particularly for Scottish salmon, which is the No. 1 export passing through Heathrow and has been worth £970 million over the past five years.
I will happily ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I can assure  the hon.
Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  that Reform wants healthcare to be free at the point of delivery—[Interruption.]
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, but there appears  to be some panic on the Labour Benches—I am not surprised.
I would like to ask the Prime Minister for some advice—[Interruption.]
They really are panicking, aren’t they?
Get on with it!
Order.
I want to get to get this question over with, don’t you?
All you are doing is ensuring that it goes on for ever.
Quick question, please.
I would like to ask the Prime Minister for some advice.
What do I say to the 25,000 constituents in Clacton—[Interruption.]
Order.
Either get on with it—[Interruption.]
Order.
We cannot both be standing, Mr Farage.
I need a quick question
and then I can get you the answer.
Come on.
What do I say to the 25,000 constituents in Clacton—including 99-year-old Jim O’Dwyer, who flew a full set of missions on Lancaster bombers as tail-end Charlie—who are losing their winter fuel allowance and feeling the pinch, while at the same time we are prepared to give away a military base and pay £18 billion for the privilege of doing so?
The hon.
Member talks about panic.
The only panic is for people who know that his policy would be to charge them for using the NHS.
What he should say to the people of Clacton—when he finally finds Clacton—is that they should vote Labour because we are stabilising the economy and boosting their jobs.
Many of my constituents are expressing their frustration at the net migration figures, which quadrupled—increasing by nearly 1 million—under the last Tory Government.
Unbelievably, the shadow Foreign Secretary, the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel), has admitted that her party is proud of their open borders experiment on Britain.
Will the Prime Minister explain what he is doing to bring those numbers back under control?
I am grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend for raising that point.
We know that the Leader of the Opposition lobbied personally to remove annual limits on student and work visas.
The shadow Foreign Secretary still thinks that the Conservatives have a great record on immigration, forgetting that they quadrupled it and that it reached almost 1 million a year.
Our Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will give stronger powers than ever to tackle people smugglers.
We have already removed 16,000 people who have no right to be here.
The question for the Opposition is this: will they walk into the Lobby with us next week to secure our borders?
After she was kidnapped and shot, Emily Damari was held in captivity by Hamas in United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities, confirming the fears of many of us that UNRWA is riddled with Hamas sympathisers.
The British people do not want our aid  stolen by Hamas.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we should stop funding Hamas, follow the example of other nations and divert our aid to other, more trustworthy agencies?
On Emily Damari, I have spoken with Mandy on many occasions, including when she did not know whether or not her daughter was alive.
Just listening to her was to really understand the torture that she went through.
I spoke just the other day to Emily herself about the conditions in which she was held, and I will of course continue to do so.
To be absolutely clear—and the hon.
Gentleman knows this—we are not funding Hamas and never will.
We condemn Hamas, and everybody in this House should condemn Hamas.
Some 54,000 women a year lose their jobs when they are pregnant or on maternity leave, and one in 10 human resources managers say that they would be reluctant to hire a woman who they even thought might start a family.
The law has not solved this, so will the Prime Minister please meet me, The Dad Shift and Pregnant Then Screwed to discuss the ringfenced paid paternity leave that is needed to bring about change?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important issue in relation to maternity pay and maternity leave.
The Leader of the Opposition thinks that maternity pay is excessive.
That is the difference—we know that workers’ rights are pro-growth, and I am proud that our Employment Rights Bill will introduce parental leave from day one, which means that 1.5 million more employees will be entitled to unpaid parental leave and 30,000 more fathers will be entitled to paternity leave.
I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting with the relevant Minister.
I know that, like everyone in the House, the Prime Minister is an honourable Member.
On that basis, can he repeat his assurances that all rules were followed while the country was in tier 4 lockdown in December 2020, not just by him but by his team, and also by his voice coach, Leonie Mellinger?
In December 2020, I was in my office, working on the expected Brexit deal with my team.
We had to analyse the deal as it came in at speed and prepare and deliver a live statement at speed on one of the most important issues for our country in recent years.
That was what I was doing.
What were the Conservatives doing?
Bringing suitcases of booze into Downing Street, partying and fighting, vomiting up the walls, leaving the cleaners to remove red wine stains.
That is the difference.
I was working—they were partying.
I know that the whole House will support the Prime Minister’s comments and send our thoughts to the family of Harvey Willgoose and all those who loved him after his tragic and senseless death on Monday.
I support the Government’s actions to tackle the sale of certain knives online, but before the national media attention moves on from yet another tragic death of a young person, I know that the Prime Minister will agree that in order to tackle the scale of the crisis engulfing too many of  our communities, we need a whole-system, cross-Government approach to address the root causes of violence.
Will he commit his Government to such a national strategy?
This incident was horrific and senseless, and I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising it.
I think the thoughts of the whole House are with the victim’s family and friends, and the school community and wider community who have been impacted by this.
We are all grateful to the first responders—the police officers and the medical staff who attended the scene—and it is right that South Yorkshire police are given the time and space to carry out their investigation.
We need to do everything we can to bear down on knife crime.
It is too easy to get knives online, and it is too easy to carry knives without proper consequences.
That is why we have made it an absolute priority in government to absolutely bear down on knife crime, and I hope that it is a cross-party issue.
I know that the Prime Minister will share my deep concern that families in my constituency, particularly those with disabled children, face agonising waits for essential adaptations to council housing.
In my inbox, I have cases where delays have left people unable to use the bathroom or even access a kitchen to simply make a cup of tea.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how we can make sure that councils have the funding they urgently need to build and retrofit homes, to ensure that all children have the start in life they deserve?