Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Georgia's anti-American turn.
2358C-RHOB

3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine a pending nomination.
SEPTEMBER 11

9 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 472, to amend the Omnibus

Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 to

provide for the establishment of a Ski Area Fee

Retention Account, S. 1279, to redesignate the Hulls

Cove Visitor Center at Acadia National Park as the

George J. Mitchell Visitor Center, S. 1453, to confirm

the use of certain non-Federal land in Salt Lake City,

Utah, for public purposes, S. 909 and H.R. 1043, bills

to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey

certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and the

nominations of Laura Swett, of Virginia, and David

LaCerte, of Louisiana, both to be a Member of the

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
9:15 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of General

Christopher J. Mahoney, USMC, for reappointment to the

grade of general and to be Vice Chairman of the Joint

Chiefs of Staff.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Joshua D.

Dunlap, of Maine, to be United States Circuit Judge for

the First Circuit, Eric Chunyee Tung, of California, to

be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit,

William W. Mercer, to be United States District Judge

for the District of Montana, Stephen Chad Meredith, to

be United States District Judge for the Eastern

District of Kentucky, Arch Capito, to be United States

Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia for

the term of four years, David Dunavant, to be United

States Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee

for the term of four years, Matthew Harvey, to be

United States Attorney for the Northern District of

West Virginia for the term of four years, John Heekin,

to be United States Attorney for the Northern District

of Florida for the term of four years, Scott Leary, to

be United States Attorney for the Northern District of

Mississippi for the term of four years, Leif Olson, to

be United States Attorney for the Northern District of

Iowa for the term of four years, Adam Sleeper, to be

United States Attorney for the District of the Virgin

Islands for the term of four years, and David Toepfer,

to be United States Attorney for the Northern District

of Ohio for the term of four years.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Julie

Stufft, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Kazakhstan, Sean O'Neill, of Virginia, to be Ambassador

to the Kingdom of Thailand, Michel Issa, of Florida, to

be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic, John Giordano,

of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Namibia, and Richard Buchan III, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom

of Morocco, all of the Department of State; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine certain

pending nominations.
SEPTEMBER 17

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Indian Self-Determination and

Education Assistance Act successes and opportunities at

the Department of the Interior and the Indian Health

Service.
POSTPONEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 11

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to markup ``Department of Homeland

Security Appropriations Act, 2026''.