She prides herself on the strong relationships she's built with these

stakeholders and her work has helped to deliver transportation and land

development projects for our community for over forty years.
Additionally, Terry was instrumental in the Sunol Grade Express Lane

Project in Alameda County.
Throughout this project, Terry worked

closely with environmental groups, advocated for necessary state

legislation, and secured funding to help complete the first express

lane project in the Bay Area.
Her work on this has set a precedent for

how these projects are handled throughout the region.
Terry's approach

has demonstrated collaborative, creative problem-solving to address

complex transportation issues.
Beyond her work at Gray-Bowen-Scott.
Terry previously served as Chair

of the East Bay Leadership Council, where she further demonstrated her

commitment to improving quality of life for Bay Area residents and

bolstering our region's economy.
Outside of her professional

accomplishments, Terry enjoys seeking out new learning opportunities, a

good red wine, dancing, and spoiling her four-legged friends.
Terry's

work has been critical in shaping our region and her leadership has

left an indelible impact on our community.
Please join me in congratulating Terry Bowen on her retirement after

decades of dedicated service and wishing her well as she begins this

new chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DAVID ROUZER

Mr. ROUZER.
Mr. Speaker, I missed the Roll Call vote on H.J. Res.
106.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
225.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SADIE PIREZ, CHEVROLET PLAY BALL PLAYER OF THE MONTH

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sadie Pirez of

Readington, New Jersey, who has been recognized nationally as a

Chevrolet Play Ball Player of the Month by Major League Baseball.
This

program highlights outstanding young athletes across the country who

demonstrate exceptional talent, sportsmanship, and dedication to the

game.
Sadie has achieved remarkable success both on and off the field.
She has been a part of three championship teams over the past three

seasons and was selected for the Branchburg Recreation Spring 2025 All-

Star Team.
Sadie led her travel team to the Parkway League Spring

Division Championship and was team leader in runs scored and RBI's,

carrying an impressive .521 batting average and .662 on-base percentage

this past spring.
Off the field, Sadie is a two-time Hunterdon Art Museum Young Artist

Award recipient and has been featured in the Holland Brook School

Bobcat Bulletin.
She also maintains straight A's in all core subjects.
I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring Sadie and her remarkable

achievements, and I look forward to seeing Sadie continue to be

successful both on and off the field for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND LEADERSHIP OF DAN HOUSTON

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Dan

Houston on the occasion of his retirement and to honor his more than 40

years of service at Principal Financial Group.
From his first role in

the retirement division to serving as Chairman, President, and Chief

Executive Officer, Dan has exemplified steady leadership, a deep sense

of responsibility, and a commitment to doing right by others.
His

career reflects the integrity and work ethic that define our state.
Throughout his four decades at Principal, Dan helped guide the

company through times of change and growth while staying true to its

mission of serving everyday Americans.
Under his leadership, Principal

remained a reliable partner for working families and small businesses,

helping them prepare for the future, plan for retirement, and weather

economic uncertainty.
He championed a people-first approach to

financial services that created long-term security for those Principal

served.
Beyond the workplace, Dan remains a strong supporter of education,

civic engagement, and local leadership.