This disease also affects

African American men at higher rates.
Yet through early detection and

effective medical treatment, many men can lead fulfilling lives.
This

month emphasizes the importance of regular doctors' visits and testing

as well as reminds us of the need to normalize open and honest

conversations with our loved

ones about their health.
We can eradicate this deadly disease through

continued awareness, elevating stories, and supporting innovative

research for the men we hold dear in our lives.
While the fight is far from over.
it is incumbent upon us to do our

part.
As the daughter of a brave survivor of prostate cancer,

recognizing September as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month is a small

token of appreciation for all that have taken part in this fight

against this disease.
Today, I uplift my father, Joseph Crockett, and

all prostate cancer survivors who are living testimonies of overcoming

one of life's most challenging experiences.
I also honor all we have

lost, knowing their deaths are not in vain, but instead strengthen our

resolve for finding a cure.
Their tenacious spirit lives within all of

us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF JENNIFER FUHS

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

life of Jennifer Fuhs, a beloved mother, grandmother, and fighter from

Lewiston, Idaho, who is courageously facing the final stages of her

battle with cancer.
Jennifer dedicated her career as a compassionate defense attorney,

advocating for individuals in Lewiston who faced uncertain life

circumstances.
She approached her work with empathy and conviction,

always seeking fairness and justice for those in need.
Beyond her professional service, Jennifer is a devoted mother to her

five children and a proud grandmother to her four grandchildren, whom

she adores deeply.
She is witty, organized, hardworking, and spunky,

and she carries a spirit of generosity that inspires everyone around

her.
She loves to laugh, spend time with her friends and family, and

she lives each day with purpose and joy.
Her strength and grace in the face of illness is a source of

inspiration, not only to her loved ones but to her entire community.
She embodies the very best of the American spirit--resilience,

compassion, and unwavering love for others.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Jennifer Fuhs for the life

she lives, the example she has set, and the legacy she continues to

build.
May she be surrounded with peace, comfort, and the knowledge

that her impact will endure for generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF TERESA BOWEN

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker I rise today to recognize Terry Bowen as

she retires from her role with Gray-Bowen-Scott.
Teresa Bowen has worked tirelessly to bring transportation and

development initiatives to life throughout the Bay Area.
She graduated

from U.C. Berkeley with a degree in Civil Engineering and began her

career with Contra Costa Public Works Department, where she served as a

Senior Civil Engineer.
In 1986, Terry joined what is now known as Gray-

Bowen-Scott as the organization's fourth employee.
Throughout her

tenure with Gray-Bowen-Scott, she has lent her expertise in local

government to help countless clients navigate the system to make their

projects a reality.
Terry has fostered relationships with key partners

such as Caltrans, the Federal Highway Administration, the California

Transportation Commission, and other regional transportation agencies.
She prides herself on the strong relationships she's built with these

stakeholders and her work has helped to deliver transportation and land

development projects for our community for over forty years.
Additionally, Terry was instrumental in the Sunol Grade Express Lane

Project in Alameda County.
Throughout this project, Terry worked

closely with environmental groups, advocated for necessary state

legislation, and secured funding to help complete the first express

lane project in the Bay Area.