Under his leadership, Principal

remained a reliable partner for working families and small businesses,

helping them prepare for the future, plan for retirement, and weather

economic uncertainty.
He championed a people-first approach to

financial services that created long-term security for those Principal

served.
Beyond the workplace, Dan remains a strong supporter of education,

civic engagement, and local leadership.
He serves on the boards of the

Iowa Business Council, the Greater Des Moines Partnership, the Iowa

State University College of Business, the Partnership for a Healthier

America, and the Community Foundation of Greater Des Moines.
Through

these roles, he continues to lift others up and strengthen the

communities we call home.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Dan Houston

for his commitment to Iowa, his more than 40 years of service at

Principal Financial Group, and in wishing him well as he steps into

this new chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 9, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 10

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Stephen

Miran, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of

Governors of the Federal Reserve System; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine evaluating

perspectives on deposit insurance reform.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Science, Manufacturing, and Competitiveness

To hold hearings to examine America's AI action plan.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine a discussion draft of the

Wildfire Emissions Prevention Act, and S. 881, to amend

the Clean Air Act to include fuel for ocean-going

vessels as additional renewable fuel for which credits

may be generated under the renewable fuel program.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan

Greenstein, of New York, to be a Deputy Under

Secretary, and Donald Korb, of Ohio, to be Chief

Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an

Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of

the Treasury.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Disaster Management, District of Columbia,

and Census

To hold hearings to examine America's fire apparatus

crisis.
Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior; to be immediately followed by hearings to

examine Federal programs at the Department of Energy.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small

Business Administration.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Georgia's anti-American turn.
2358C-RHOB

3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine a pending nomination.