From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PHILADELPHIA COUNTY REVOLUTIONARY WAR MILITIA LIEUTENANT

COLONEL JACOB REED

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National

Society Daughters of American Revolution (NSDAR), Towamencin Chapter,

which is an organization in my district.
The NSDAR was founded in 1890

to promote Historic Preservation, Education, and Patriotism across the

United States.
Members seek to honor their heritage as daughters of

Patriots who supported the Revolutionary War while making a difference

in their communities.
The Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR has collaborated with the William G.

Pomeroy Foundation in their initiative to celebrate the

semiquincentennial of our Nation in 2026.
This program offers grants to

commemorate historical points of interest significant to the

Revolutionary War period.
The Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR, along with the

assistance of the Hatfield Historical Society and Museum, were grateful

that one of the historical sites chosen belonged to Lieutenant Colonel

(Lt.
Col.)
Jacob Reed, a Patriot from Hatfield, Pennsylvania.
Lt.
Col.
Jacob Reed was born on July 6, 1730, in Philadelphia County,

Pennsylvania.
He died on November 2, 1820, in New Britain Township,

Pennsylvania.
He married Magdalena Leidy and had 9 children together.
Jacob Reed came from a very patriotic family with his father paying the

Supply Tax in 1781 in Hatfield Township and all his brothers and

brothers-in-law participating in the Revolutionary War.
Two of his sons

also fought in the Revolutionary War.
Lt.
Col.
Jacob Reed resided in Hatfield from 1770 to 1793, having

secured a 215-acre land warrant from the sons of William Penn.
His

original log home, built in the 18th century, still stands today as

part of the current farmhouse on the property.
A respected farmer, church elder, and public servant, Jacob Reed's

legacy is deeply embedded in the fabric of Hatfield's history.
During

the Revolutionary War, he served as Lieutenant Colonel of the 1st

Battalion, Philadelphia County Militia, making him the highest-ranking

military officer from Hatfield at the time.
He played critical roles in

the Battles of Germantown and Brandywine, and was later elected Major

of the 5th Battalion, Pennsylvania Troops, continuing his service until

the war's end.
His unwavering faith in the American cause had brought attacks on

Reed's life and home.
Yet, Jacob Reed never swayed.
Reed's intimate

knowledge of the region's terrain and demographics proved to secure him

as an invaluable asset to General George Washington.
Additionally, the Forst family who are members of our district, were

instrumental in saving this property from development.
Bill Forst

bought the property and then used his own funds and time to restore the

property to what it is today.
The property has now passed to his

daughters, Wendy Forst Ferrell and Fay Forst Younger, who allowed the

Towamencin Chapter, NSDAR to install the marker on their property as

well as hold a dedication ceremony recognizing the contributions of Lt.
Col.
Jacob Reed and his willingness to fight for his beliefs.
Through these acts of endless patriotism and dedication, the Forst

family, Daughters of the Revolution, Towamencin Chapter, William G.

Pomeroy Foundation, and the Hatfield Historical Society demonstrated

their unwavering commitment to serving the Pennsylvania's 1st

Congressional District community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
JASMINE CROCKETT

Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize September as

Prostate Cancer Awareness Month.
Prostate cancer is the second leading

cause of cancer death among American men, with one in eight men

receiving diagnosis in their lifetime.
This disease also affects

African American men at higher rates.
Yet through early detection and

effective medical treatment, many men can lead fulfilling lives.
This

month emphasizes the importance of regular doctors' visits and testing

as well as reminds us of the need to normalize open and honest

conversations with our loved

ones about their health.