American families are already struggling with high

energy bills.
But the need to develop our own homegrown clean and

sustainable energy isn't just a matter of economic security; it's also

about our national security.
The Department of Defense considers climate change to be a top

national security concern.
Climate change is making nations around the

world more unstable and less safe.
It's also hurting our military

readiness here at home, with sea-level rise and extreme weather

flooding our bases.
Permafrost thaw is making Alaskan runways unusable.
Radar stations are at risk of falling into the sea.
Mr. Chair, we don't have the luxury of ignoring the very real effects

of climate change happening around us--especially when they're

affecting our lives and livelihoods and our national security.
Future

generations will pay the highest costs of Republicans' failure to act.
As a Minnesota representative, I will fight to defend these critical

investments because Minnesotans deserve better.
The children deserve

better.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARYL RICHARDS, JR.
HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an

outstanding Mississippian, Mr. Daryl Richards, Jr., for his dedication,

leadership, and service to the elders of the Mississippi Delta as the

Area Agency on Aging (AAA) Director for the South Delta Planning and

Development District (SDPDD).
Mr. Richards was born and raised in Greenville, the heart of the

Mississippi Delta.
A proud graduate of Greenville-Weston High School,

Class of 2010, he went on to attend the University of Mississippi,

where he earned dual degrees in Political Science and Business

Administration.
He later pursued graduate studies at Belhaven

University, earning a Master of Business Administration.
During his junior year of college, Mr. Richards began an internship

with the SDPDD.
A few years later, after gaining management experience

in the private sector, he was called back to serve his community.
In

2019, at the age of 27, he was appointed as Director--becoming the

youngest AAA Director in both the history of the District and the State

of Mississippi.
In this role, Mr. Richards has embraced his calling to be a voice for

Mississippi's elderly population.
Under his leadership, the Agency

provides critical services to seniors and their families across thirty-

five municipalities and six counties.
These include congregate meal

sites, home-delivered meals, homemaker services, respite care, legal

assistance, ombudsman services, adult day care, State Health Insurance

Assistance, access to care programs, preventative health classes, elder

abuse prevention, and a range of information and referral resources.
Through these efforts, Mr. Richards and his team ensure that the most

vulnerable members of our communities are not forgotten.
Mr. Richards is inspired by the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,

``What are you doing for others?''
This guiding principle motivates him

daily to advocate for those who cannot

advocate for themselves.
His commitment reflects not only in his

professional service but also in his extensive community involvement.
He is actively engaged with Walking in Love Ministries, has served as

Chairman of the Community Foundation of Washington County, is Treasurer

of 100 Black Men of the Mississippi Delta, Presidential Director of

Delta Council, a board member of the Washington County United Way, a

Mississippi Aging TAC Member, and a board member of the Three Rivers

CDE Advisory Board.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Mr. Daryl

Richards, Jr., for his tireless service to the people of the

Mississippi Delta.
He stands as a shining example of leadership,

compassion, and commitment, and he continues to make a lasting

difference in the lives of our elders and their families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PHILADELPHIA COUNTY REVOLUTIONARY WAR MILITIA LIEUTENANT

COLONEL JACOB REED

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National

Society Daughters of American Revolution (NSDAR), Towamencin Chapter,

which is an organization in my district.