Today, we have seen alarming figures pointing to the systematic de-prioritisation of women’s health, with 600,000 women in England waiting for gynaecological treatment, 33,000 women waiting more than a year, and under two thirds of eligible women screened for breast cancer in the last three years.
Will the Secretary of State come clean and admit that under this Government, women’s health has become an afterthought?
That is absolute nonsense.
As I say, I have prioritised women’s health.
I am pretty sure that I invited the hon.
Lady to the women’s health summit earlier this year.
indicated assent.
She is very graciously saying that I did.
The point is that I want women to receive the sort of care that we would all hope and expect them to have.
I have prioritised that precisely because there are conditions, including gynaecological conditions, that have historically not received the attention they deserve.
As our women’s health ambassador Dame Lesley Regan says, the NHS was created by men, for men.
I am the Health Secretary who is sorting that out.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
We are enormously grateful for the work of GPs in delivering 64 million more appointments nationally than in 2019.
Our primary care recovery plan enhances GP access by expanding community pharmacy services nationwide.
Some 98% of community pharmacies have signed up to the Pharmacy First offer, with over 125,000 consultations claimed in the first month.
Across Bedfordshire, we suffer from patient to GP ratios that are well in excess of the national average; high housing growth is simply not matched by GP capacity.
At Wixams, we have been able to break through 15 years of deadlock by putting stakeholders together, but issues still remain across the county.
From Shefford to Stondon, heartbreaking stories are commonplace.
The issue is not ICB-specific; it affects people right across the country.
What more can we do to ensure that areas with high housing growth have the GP capacity that residents deserve?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
He may be aware that the Bedfordshire, Luton and Milton Keynes ICB received £36 million for its operational capital budget in 2023-24, with over £118 million for this spending review period.
That operational capital is core funding provided to ICBs for delivering primary care, among other things.
In addition, he will be aware that ICBs are able to provide input to planning permissions to ensure that primary care is delivered where there are new housing developments.
I have worked with other hon.
Members across the House to tackle this issue, and I am very happy to meet him to discuss it further.
When I speak to my constituents in Brislington, they tell me they have to wait an inordinate time to get through on the phone to their GPs at the Brooklea health centre, and wait over two weeks for appointments.
Constituents in Fishponds have been told that it is over an hour’s wait for prescription medication at the local pharmacy—and we all know the situation with dentists.
The other thing my constituents are waiting for is a general election.
Does the Minister agree that that is the only way we will sort out these problems in the NHS?
I certainly do not agree.
If Labour were in government, we would see significantly worse outcomes.
Covid was a once-in-100-years pandemic, and we have pulled out all the stops to recover from that.
It is a huge tribute to all those working in primary care that they have done so well.
In the hon.
Lady’s ICB— Bristol North, North Somerset and South Gloucestershire  —38.4% of all appointments were delivered on the same day they were booked in February this year, and 84% were delivered within two weeks of booking, with 66% of them face to face.
These are extremely positive numbers for the 482,000 appointments delivered in February 2024.
What is really important is that the number of patient care staff has increased by 656 full-time equivalents since 2019.
I have listened to the Minister’s comments, but the number of patients per GP in the Bedfordshire, Luton and Milton Keynes area is nearly 25% higher than the national average.
Will the Minister explain why her Government think it is a good idea to cut the proportion of doctors being trained as GPs from around one in three to around one in four?
The hon.
Lady is simply wrong.
She will be aware that, in fact, our long-term workforce plan is intended to raise the number of training places for GPs to 6,000 by 2031-32.
In 2022, we had over 4,000 new GPs apply to take training places—an absolute record.
There is much more to do, and I am working with GPs on a future for GP practice taskforce to make sure that we do everything we can, including hiring the 36,000 additional professionals now working in GP practices, in order to relieve the pressure on GPs and deliver much better patient access.
Last week, a constituent contacted me to say that her teeth crumbled during pregnancy and she was unable to get a dentist appointment.
Another constituent, who was in agony, desperately pleaded for help to find a dentist.
My own son, Clifford, has been waiting two years for a tooth extraction, and I have received hundreds of emails about similar issues.
It is simply not good enough.
What plans do the Government have to sort this out once and for all, and what advice does the Minister have for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
We know that because all dentists were locked down during covid, the recovery in access to NHS care has not been as fast as we would like.
That is why we announced our dentistry recovery plan, including a new patient premium, which, since it was launched on  1 March , has already seen hundreds of thousands of new NHS patients who have not seen a dentist in two years.
Some 240 dentists will receive golden hellos to encourage them to work in underserved areas.
We also have our new Smile for Life prevention programme, which will ensure that babies receive an early dental check for their milk teeth in family hubs, and that pregnant mums receive better dental care and advice.
We are now trying to work with dentists to look at reform of the units of dental activity contract, but following the first meeting of the group yesterday, it seems that dentists feel that all the parameters are in place.
What we now need to do is ensure that the incentives are there and that we see things changing rapidly.
My GPs are working extraordinarily hard to increase access in the face of ever increasing public demand.
I am alarmed by the Labour party’s talk about scrapping the GP partnership  model, as I find in the Stroud district that GP practices are some of the most efficient parts of our NHS services.
They need support, the removal of bureaucracy and the opening up of funding pots, rather than dismantling.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain how access to primary care would not be helped by removing the partnership model, and what are the Government doing to help ICBs create more flexible partnership funding pots?
My hon.
Friend makes a fantastic point, and I say again that GPs absolutely underpin our primary care.
We all absolutely rely on them, and our measures to create 36,000 additional roles in GP practices will provide them with the additional capacity they need so that they can serve their patients better.
That is good for patients, good for primary care and incredibly good value for the taxpayer.
It is ludicrous that Labour is proposing to undermine the GP partnership model; that would be a disaster for primary care.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We know that people in work lead happier, healthier lives.
However, over 10 million “not fit for work” fit notes were issued last year.
Most were repeat fit notes issued without any advice, so we are missing a golden opportunity to give millions of people the support they need to remain in work.
That is why we are launching a reform of the fit note process to create a new system in which fit note conversations focus on what people can do, not what they cannot do.
As part of this, the Government will consider shifting the responsibility for issuing fit notes away from GPs to reduce the pressures they face and to free up millions of appointments.
I thank everyone who has delivered this vital work, and I very much look forward to hearing the results of the call for evidence in due course so that we can reform our welfare system for the sake of our constituents and our GPs.
According to the Association of British HealthTech Industries, it takes, on average, 17 years for lifesaving and life-enhancing technologies to be adopted in the NHS.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to speed up the adoption of new technologies so that the NHS can save more lives and improve patient outcomes?
I dispute the 17-year figure, as it can vary across innovations.
The figure is contested, but my hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We have a plan to prioritise the acceleration of patient access, thereby ensuring safe, effective and innovative medical technology for patients and the NHS.
Our ambition is backed by funding, and we are reforming the medical technology regulatory framework, introducing the innovative devices access pathway pilot and launching frameworks to increase the availability of innovative products for the sake of patients across England and the United Kingdom.