I pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , who has done so much, and to journalists such as Caroline Wheeler of The Sunday Times and all those who have campaigned for decades, despite their own very deep trauma.
They include Jan Smith, the mother of Colin, one of the youngest victims who was infected at only 10 months old, and who died aged only seven.
She said in The Sunday Times at the weekend: “When we found out little Colin was going to be treated by a world-renowned haematologist we were over the moon.
Professor Bloom was like a God to us and we didn’t question him.
We thought our son was being given the best possible treatment.
But we will feel forever guilty that we had in fact handed our son over to his killer.”
These parents should not be burdened with this guilt.
An estimated 380 children were infected in a massive breach of trust and medical ethics.
It is every parent’s worst nightmare.
What does the Minister say to the parents of children who were used as guinea pigs, in an utterly despicable practice that was made worse by the lack of redress for those families?
When will all those infected and affected receive the compensation they are due, and an apology from this Government?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that I am doing everything I can to bring that forward as quickly as possible.
I recognise that the distress is widespread  and is felt by individuals and families across the United Kingdom.
I am working across the devolved Administrations to ensure that there is a UK-wide arm’s length body.
My officials are working with prominent charities, organisations and support groups.
I am reaching out to them to share progress, reassure the community that I have heard their concerns and seek their views in advance of  20 May .
I am doing that out of deep respect for the suffering that they have experienced.
On the substantive matter the hon.
Lady asked me about, I refer her to my reply a few moments ago.
When I was Health Secretary, I committed the Government to ensuring that the compensation recommended by Sir Brian be paid, and made the moral case that the UK Government must address this wrong.
The stories from Caroline Wheeler and Hugh Pym have made that moral case stronger still.
Can I push the Minister to move as fast as possible, but hold in his mind the critical nature of getting the response right as well?
I commend his officials, who have worked so hard on this matter for so long.
I entirely understand the need for urgency, but he must get it right at the same time.
He is a diligent and deeply honourable man, and I hope he will hold that in his heart as he addresses the issue in the weeks to come.