May I follow the tributes to the great Dame— the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) —for what she has been doing?
I have been actively involved in this in one way or another for 25 years.
We all know that the justification for having the Langstaff inquiry has been the information that has now come out in public, which was concealed or not known over the decades.
We also know that this is different from most of the discussions in the Pearson report on whether there should be compensation when things go wrong in medical treatment.
This report is likely to show how, since the war, people have not paid enough attention to the warnings given by those in the field.
With the update of Caroline Wheeler’s book and the BBC programme, we now know that, as well as the haemophilia trials published in the 1970s, the 1980s trials showed massive defects by the standards of those days, let alone by up-to-date standards.
I join the right hon.
Lady in asking the Minister when it will be possible for people to register their names, backgrounds and circumstances for compensation.
Do  we have to wait until a month’s time for that to happen, and how will it be dealt with?
Obviously, as the Cabinet Office Minister, he follows his predecessor in carrying this responsibility, but how far will the Department of Health and Social Care be involved, and will other Departments be involved?
My hon.
Friend makes wise observations.
I did not mean not to pay tribute to him in a similar way; his commitment to this cause, probably over my lifetime, is extraordinary.
In respect of the £100,000 payments announced through the Government amendment tabled last Wednesday, we will be working with the existing support schemes to expedite them as quickly as possible for the estates of the deceased infected.
On the substantive response on the wider complete compensation, through last week’s intervention, and building on the amendment of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , we have established the delivery vehicle for compensation.
On the challenge that we were somehow delaying compensation, which was reasonably made, I think that what I have said to the House this afternoon makes it clear that we are committed in legislation to delivering that compensation, but that the terms of how we  do so, and how we respond to translating those 18 recommendations into reality, is ongoing work that I will seek to address substantively as soon as possible by  20 May .