Back in the real world, the record of the last Labour Government is that we increased life expectancy by three years.
Under this Government, it has stalled for the first time in a century, with people in Blackpool, for example, expected to live four and a half years less than the national average.
Is the Secretary of State proud of this shocking record, or will people have to wait to elect Chris Webb in Blackpool South and a Labour Government at Westminster to finally turn the tide on health inequalities?
As someone who is proud to have gone to school in Blackpool, I do not need a lecture from the hon.
Gentleman about what Labour has done to the town centre, or about the important work that Conservatives in Lancashire are doing to help communities such as Blackpool.
On Labour’s record, I gently point out, as I try to do at every orals, that the record of the Labour-run NHS in Wales is lamentable.
People are almost twice as likely to be waiting for treatment in the Labour-run NHS in Wales.
That is not a record of which to be proud.
What steps she is taking to improve bowel care for people with spinal injuries.
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
It is vital that people with spinal injuries receive care in the most appropriate environment to support their care and rehabilitation.
The NHS has developed a range of guidance on the subject, including NHS England’s excellent incontinence care guidance.
In addition, guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence set out the care that patients with spinal injuries should receive, including through a neurological bowel management programme.
There is a clear need for a national policy on bowel care in NHS settings for people with spinal injuries.
I have listened to patients who have been left feeling abandoned and trapped in a hospital bed without the basic dignity of being able to use the toilet—all because of a lack of training for nurses in providing the necessary support.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the Spinal Injuries Association to discuss how we can make the situation better and ensure that nobody is denied this basic level of care?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for the work that she and the all-party parliamentary group on spinal cord injury have done on the issue.
I would be more than happy to meet them.
What steps her Department is taking to improve accident and emergency waiting times in east Lancashire.
Just over a year ago, we set out a plan to improve urgent and emergency care.
The plan is working.
At East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust, 78% of A&E patients in March were seen within four hours.
That is 4.5 percentage points better than last year—the biggest year-on-year improvement outside the pandemic since 2010.
We know that there is more to do; that is why we are working with the NHS on year 2 of the urgent and emergency care recovery plan.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, and grateful to her for agreeing to meet me and other local MPs to discuss the emergency care situation in east Lancashire.
Could I ask her to go one step further?
Perhaps she and even the Secretary of State could visit Burnley General Teaching Hospital in my constituency, meet the trust, and see what more we can do there, partly to reverse the disastrous decision of the last Labour Government to close the A&E there?
I commend my hon.
Friend and other east Lancashire colleagues for their campaigning on this matter.
I look forward to the meeting we are going to have to discuss the performance of his local A&E, and I thank him very much for the invitation to visit.
I share an integrated care board with  the hon.
Member for Burnley (Antony Higginbotham)  in Lancashire and South Cumbria.
Does the Minister agree that one reason why there are such problems with A&E waiting times is the congestion in our hospitals overall, because of the number of people who are healthy and fit to leave hospital, but cannot have a health and care plan when they return home?
Some 24% of all beds in the Morecambe Bay hospitals are occupied by people who are fit to leave, but have no care package.
What plan does the Minister have to address the social care crisis in Cumbria?
That will include increasing the amount of affordable housing, so that people can afford to live in the  area; paying carers more; and having more intelligent visa rules.
The hon.
Gentleman makes the point that the performance of A&E depends on the flow of patients through hospital and our ability to discharge them.
That is why, as part of our work on urgent and emergency care, we have invested in supporting hospitals to discharge patients, and have been supporting social care.
We have seen an increased number of discharges across the country over the last year, which has enabled hospitals to treat more people and supported the improved performance in A&E that I mentioned.
We continue to work on that, and of course we are supporting social care with up to £8.6 extra billion funding over two years.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of mental health support for NHS staff.
Every day, NHS staff do an extraordinary job for their patients, and it is vital that the NHS supports them in maintaining their mental health.
The long-term workforce plan commits the NHS to supporting staff health and wellbeing and asks integrated care systems to develop plans to support them.
I am pleased that NHS England is reviewing mental health services for all staff, to ensure that all staff in the NHS have the support that they need.
Fighting to save a dying child’s life, telling families that their loved one will not make it through the night, and working desperately in substandard conditions—it will come as little shock to hear that all that takes a toll.
Last year, 6.4 million mental health sick days were taken across the NHS.
Instead of receiving support, our NHS heroes have a Tory Government who treat them with disdain and kick them to the kerb.
Will the Minister commit to funding the NHS practitioner health service beyond the next 12 months, or will the Government just try to shut it down again?
As an NHS community first responder who served on the frontline during the pandemic, who had to see people say goodbye to their loved ones for the last time before being admitted to hospital, and who has dealt with cardiac arrests, I know the mental toll that working for or volunteering with the NHS can take on our workforce, and therefore we do give a very high priority to the subject.
The NHS people plan sets out a range of actions to build a more modern, compassionate and inclusive culture, and includes a much stronger focus on the availability of quality health and wellbeing support.
It is right that we keep services under review, so I will not make a commitment today to continuing to fund something that we have agreed to fund for another year while those services are reviewed.
What steps she is taking to improve healthcare for women.
We are focused on delivering our women’s health priorities for 2024.
Recent successes   include new women’s health hubs opening across the country, with £25 million of investment; the investment of nearly £35 million over three years in improving maternity safety, on top of the extra £186 million already being invested each year; the success of the hormone replacement therapy prepayment certificates; and research into the important issue of maternity disparities, which I have already mentioned.
House of Commons Library figures reveal that one in four women with suspected breast cancer are waiting more than two weeks to see a specialist.
The waiting list for gynaecological treatments has risen by 40,000 in a year, which means that there are now almost 600,000 women waiting, which is up by a third over two years.
Labour has pledged to tackle that backlog, so that more women are seen faster.
How much pain, misery or worse do women have to endure before this Government start prioritising their health?
As the hon.
Lady will know—she saw the statistics published very recently—we are in fact treating more people at earlier stages of their cancer.
I want to take on her point about gynaecological waits, because that is important.
We are spending more than £8 billion in this spending review period on additional elective activity, and investing in additional capacity, including community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, many of which provide gynaecological tests and procedures.
She may have missed it, but the latest published management information for March shows that the longest waits for gynaecology services have reduced by nearly 95% since their peak in September 2021.
Of course there is more to do, but we are making progress.
I thank all the doctors and teams who are involved in that important work.