My constituent contacted me again yesterday.
His father and uncles were all infected with contaminated blood, and all but two of the uncles have now died.
He said to me: “I had to grow up in care due to my father being too ill to look after me.
We have been fighting for many, many years for justice.”
He thinks that the Government are dragging their feet on compensating victims.
He is right, isn’t he?
All I can do is account for what I have done since  13 November .
I cannot really comment on the several decades previous to that.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have had a series of ad hoc schemes, but the Government’s accepting culpability for what happened many years ago and the subsequent failure to respond will need to be addressed fully after  20 May .
The Government’s amendment in the House of Lords is the first time that we will have put in legislation a duty to pay compensation.
That is the start of a more comprehensive response that I am working on to secure collective agreement across Government, and I want to bring that forward as quickly as I am able to do so.
The Langstaff recommendation for interim payments was because of the need for speed; because people are so ill.
How many people do the Government believe to be still living who  were infected in this scandal?
How many of them applied for the interim payments?
What proportion of those who applied have received the payments?
If my right hon.
Friend does not have the figures with him today, will he undertake to write to me and place a copy of the letter in the House of Commons Library?
My right hon.
Friend customarily asks precise and penetrating questions.
I do not want to quote the few figures that I think I know, so I will write him a considered reply, which I will make available.
Far too many people have suffered and far too many have died.
We need to put this right as quickly as possible.
I congratulate  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  on her work to date.
When I engage with my constituents, it is clear that not only have they lost loved ones to a preventable and painful death, but the stigma that those loved ones lived with during their life is part of the issue.
Members across the House rightly want answers about the interim payments, because those families have received no compensation and no apology to date.
If the Minister cannot give a date that people can expect payments, can he at least give some clarity on how they will be able  to apply?
First, I agree entirely with the hon.
Lady with respect to the stigma.
One cannot fail to be moved by the accounts of people in the 1980s; when they contracted HIV, the stigma in society was very different from where we are today.
That has caused damage to relationships, to lives, and obviously to health—many people’s cases have been terminal.
The statutory duty to make interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of deceased infected people will be carried out through the existing schemes.
We are working with those schemes to work out how best to do that.
That is different from recommendation 12, in that the Government took the view that we did not want to overwhelm the will of the estates—rather than divide it up among family members, which could be problematic and would cause delay.
While I cannot give an authoritative date now, urgent work is ongoing to give clarity on the process for those people to register and to receive those payments.
The infected blood scandal is one of the biggest stains on the history of the NHS.
I am pleased to hear that we are getting interim payments out as quickly as possible, but the Minister has talked about giving payments to deceased people’s estates rather than named individuals.
Could he outline his reasoning?
We want to make sure that compensation goes to the correct people quickly.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
One of the challenges is that some cohorts of people are not registered but have been part of a scheme that does not now exist.
How do we best expedite the process across that affected community?
Those are the sorts of practical issues that I am working through with officials, so that we can reach the best possible solution when we give our comprehensive response in due course.
“Cheaper than chimpanzees” was how former pupils of Treloar’s school described themselves when they gave evidence to the inquiry.
My constituent, Lee Moorey, was one of the pupils of that school, and has described to me how he felt that he was experimented on all those years ago.
We have set up the Brian Langstaff inquiry; what more can the Government possibly want to know than what that inquiry is going to uncover, and why are they delaying compensation?
Will the Minister confirm that nothing has been preventing the Government from paying compensation since the date that Brian Langstaff published his interim report last April?
There is a challenge in translating 18 recommendations into numbers and into the reality of a transmission mechanism, as well as in the quantification and agreement across Whitehall.
The work on the first part is under way: that is why we have engaged the experts to work out how to quantify the payments that will be due across different heads of loss.
Quite reasonably, those numbers were not in the report—it would not be for Sir Brian Langstaff to put numbers on every single individual—but that work is under way.
We are now working to agree the substantive response as soon as we can after the final report is published.
This week, I will be using the mechanisms of this House to do something that, in 14 years as an MP, I have never before felt the need to do: present a petition.
At the top of that petition will be the name of my constituent, Andrew Evans, one of the children who was infected with hepatitis and HIV.
By a miracle, he survived to set up and help run the Tainted Blood campaign.
Like many of my affected and infected constituents, he feels that this process has already gone on for too long, so I am very grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for securing this urgent question.
I am also grateful to my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the updates he has given, particularly about support for the estates of the deceased.
However, I urge him to continue to meet groups such as Tainted Blood and make sure that the communication on this issue is as clear and open as possible, so that those groups are engaged and can support their members as the process moves forward—and to do so as fast as possible.