The recent announcements on fit note reform are just the latest in a long string of attacks on the most vulnerable people in society.
Sick and disabled people are being vilified, when, as the Joseph Rowntree Foundation points out, almost two thirds of those living in destitution live with a chronic health condition or a disability.
The UK Government are continuing their track record in failing, and making life more difficult for, disabled people.
Does the Secretary of State understand how much more difficult these changes will make people’s lives?
These reforms are being brought forward because of a simply unsustainable rise in the number of people being given fit notes so that they cannot re-enter the world of work.
We want to support people into work, not only because we believe that it is the best way to help them to recover, but because it helps us to fund the NHS.
It is funded by people who work and pay their taxes.
Again, I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to matters a little closer to home; sadly, Scotland’s record on health is very difficult to read and it includes the worst level of drug deaths in Europe.
I encourage her to concentrate on how the SNP is running health services in its local area.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The British Psychological Society has commended the benefit of Government support for staff mental health and wellbeing hubs and is keen to see that support continue.
Will the Minister therefore give an update on the support being provided and the progress being made on the vital issue of staff mental health and wellbeing?
That is an important point.
We know how vital it is to support everyone who is working so hard in our NHS to support patients.
NHS England is reviewing mental health services for all staff who need them, to ensure that they can access the support they need.
It is working collaboratively with regions and integrated care systems to agree the best approach to doing that.
There is an increasing incidence of bowel cancer among younger patients, such as my constituent Emily, who received a late diagnosis after many months of  attending her GP with iron deficiency anaemia.
Younger patients often report that bowel cancer was dismissed as a possibility by their GP because of their age, and that symptoms such as iron deficiency anaemia are not taken seriously enough and are not included currently on the list of commons symptoms on the NHS website.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that NHS guidelines and practice are fit for purpose for younger patients, who far too often receive a late diagnosis of bowel cancer?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
As part of the NHS long-term plan, we have an ambition to diagnose 75% of all stageable cancers at stage 1 or 2 by 2028.
That means that we need to make significant improvements on the harder-to-detect cancers such as bowel cancer.
We are working across systems to deliver those improvements, not only with better screening programmes, but by improving patient pathways.
However, I am more than happy to meet her if she wants to have a further conversation specifically about bowel cancer.
Following discussions with constituents who are living with Parkinson’s and with Parkinson’s UK, I am concerned that North Yorkshire has only one dedicated Parkinson’s nurse.
Given the complexity of the condition, what steps are being taken further to incentivise nurses to specialise in Parkinson’s and on long-term delivery?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I know the huge value of Parkinson’s nurses to local patients in my constituency.
Under the NHS long-term workforce plan, backed by more than £2.4 billion over the next five years, the NHS will focus on expanding the number of clinicians training for enhanced and advanced roles working as part of multidisciplinary teams with the right skills to meet the changing needs of patients.
The main issue raised by residents at the community coffee morning at the Compton centre in Leeds yesterday was the difficulty in getting access to dentists.
The Secretary of State struggled to give any credible answer on this question today.
Is she aware of the “Dentists for All” campaign in  and will she back it?
Its three demands are: to provide access to an NHS dentist for everyone; to restore funding for dental services and recruit more NHS dentists; and to change the contracts, because they are simply not fit for purpose.
Does the Secretary of State agree with that, and, if not, why not?
We switched on our fully funded dental recovery plan, in case the hon.
Gentleman was not listening carefully earlier, on  1 March .
Nearly 500 more practices in England are accepting new adult patients than at the end of January, and even more will do so under the dental recovery plan.
We have plans to bring in new dental vans to help our most isolated communities.
We are also bringing in the Smile4Life programme for children, because prevention must be a critical part of our dental recovery plan.