I have had concerns raised about a company based in England but operating across the UK online that shape shifts and is known variously as Young Vibes, Peaky Parents, Kactus Kids, “themumsnet” and, currently, Anxiety Recovery.
It offers to fix children’s anxiety in mere weeks, but it is preying on vulnerable families, drawing them into expensive treatments, and inciting them to take out loans and get into debt.
It is operating outside regulatory frameworks, so may I ask what Ministers can do about such unscrupulous and exploitative companies?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point, and I ask her to write to me, please, so that we can look into it.
Given the importance of the UK’s life sciences sector, could my right hon.
Friend update the House on commercial clinical trial recruitment?
Thanks in part to the sterling work of my hon.
Friend, monthly average patient recruitment to commercial clinical trials is almost five times the figure it was back in June 2023.
That is hugely positive, but there is clearly more to do in this space.
For over a decade, the Camberwell dialysis unit has provided high-quality NHS care to patients in south London, so my constituents were shocked to hear that these services are to be outsourced to Diaverum, a multinational for-profit health corporation, which has already had one of its clinics rated inadequate and put into special measures.
Does the Minister accept that privatising the NHS bit by bit  has disastrous implications for care, and will he listen to patients in my constituency and commit to maintaining our NHS dialysis provision?
That sums up the usual contradiction on privatisation between Labour Front Benchers and Back Benchers.
Any service changes should be based on clear evidence that they will deliver better patient outcomes.
In Lambeth, patients who receive dialysis at the new site in Brixton will receive care in a significantly improved environment with brand new facilities, in a great example of an innovative public-private partnership.
NHS England has established the renal services transformation programme to reduce unwarranted variation in the quality of access to renal care.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in recognising the good work that the Essex Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust has been doing to improve mental health outcomes, including the creation of a pioneering 24/7 urgent mental health care centre, providing urgent help when it is needed.
Is that a model that could be rolled out across the country to improve access to mental health for all?
My hon.
Friend rightly flags the excellent work going on to improve access to mental health services across the country.
Last year, 3.6 million people got mental health support.
That is an increase of around 30% in just three years, supported by record funding of over £16 billion into mental health care.
Mandatory fortification of flour with folic acid could save many thousands of children from spina bifida, so why is it happening so slowly, at such a low level and applied to too few products?
I assure the hon.
Member that we remain firmly committed to the mandatory fortification of flour with folic acid.
That will help to protect around 200 babies each year from being born with neural tube defects.
The policy is being delivered across the UK as part of a wider review of bread and flour regulations.
In January we published our consultation response, and we will bring forward legislation to implement the policy later this year.
Ten days ago I went to the Whipps Cross A&E department to see for myself the pressures that the brilliant team there are under—pressures that are heavily exacerbated by the failure to redevelop the hospital.
Originally, we were promised that the new hospital would be open by 2026, but we have still not agreed with the Department a plan and timetable to submit to the Treasury for that redevelopment.
As a result, the hospital is having to  spend huge amounts of money trying to stem the damage as well as being able to treat patients.
It is costing us all.
For the sake of patient care and NHS budgets, will the Minister meet me to work out where the hold-up is in getting Whipps Cross redeveloped?
The hon.
Member raises the performance of the A&E department in her local hospital.
I have worked closely with the NHS over the past year to improve the performance of urgent and emergency care.
Since this time last year, we have seen ambulance response times improve by over a quarter and waits in A&E cut.
I am happy to meet her to talk about her specific A&E department.
I again thank the Secretary of State for visiting Watford General Hospital earlier this year, where we shared exciting plans for the new hospital, with preparation work starting this year, and construction starting by the end of 2026.
I spoke with the West Hertfordshire NHS Trust leadership team this week, who confirmed that they are on track for that delivery within those timescales.
Will my right hon.
Friend please join me in thanking them for their hard work on that?
I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend, and I thank him again for a really positive visit to his local hospital.
That is a great example of a local MP working in his local area for his constituents and, what is more, delivering for them.
As a practical measure to improve radiotherapy waiting times, will the Minister agree to further work on the radiotherapy dataset, to include the collection of data on delays at each stage of the radiotherapy pathway, and by tumour type, so that we can better understand pinch points in services?
We are working to improve radiotherapy services across the NHS, and I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that in more detail.
West Hertfordshire Hospital Trust is at the front of the queue for the new hospital programme.
We have the land, planning permission, building design, political and staff support, and enabling works are under way.
But, like many other trusts around the country, the hospital trust is being asked to submit business case after business case.
Will the Secretary of State clarify whether those delays are down to bureaucracy and the new hospital programme, or are they deliberate delaying tactics by a Government who do not want to release funds to hospitals before the general election?
Normally, a Secretary of State would appear at the Dispatch Box after a question like that and say, “I refer the hon.
Member to the answer I gave earlier.”
On this occasion I will refer her to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Watford (Dean Russell) .
He has just set out the business case for Watford General, which is great news, and I hope she will join him and me in welcoming that new hospital when it is open.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister for the Cabinet Office to make a statement on the evidence uncovered of experiments on children and the contaminated blood scandal, and update the House on the action that the Government are taking on the second interim report from Sir Brian Langstaff.
Let me start by stating that the stories reported in the recent BBC news article, and indeed The Sunday Times report by Caroline Wheeler, demonstrate the unimaginable suffering of all those impacted by this dreadful scandal.
As the House will know, in 2017 the Government established an independent public statutory inquiry chaired by Sir Brian Langstaff, to give those impacted and their families the answers that they deserve.
Since it was established, the inquiry has taken evidence from a range of sources, and the testimonies are indicative of the bravery of every individual who has come forward.
The infected blood inquiry’s final report is due to be published within a month, on  20 May , and we expect the inquiry’s findings to cover a set of extremely challenging issues.
It would not be right for the Government to pre-empt the findings of this long-prepared and carefully considered report, but the Government have committed to update Parliament through an oral statement on next steps within 25 sitting days following  20 May .
It is our intention to make that statement as soon as possible.
The 25-day stipulation is a deadline, and certainly not a target.
In January this year, I appointed an expert group to provide technical advice to the Cabinet Office in responding to the infected blood inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
That work is well under way and will build on the recommendations of the infected blood inquiry to inform the Government’s substantive response to the inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
The Government understand the need to move quickly to provide compensation to victims of infected blood.
Most recently, we tabled amendments just last Wednesday to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to impose a duty on the Government to establish an infected blood compensation scheme.
It also establishes a new arm’s length body, named the infected blood compensation authority, to deliver the compensation scheme.
It will operate on a UK-wide basis to ensure parity and consistency.
That demonstrates our absolute commitment to deliver long overdue justice to victims of infected blood.
We understand that for many there is an urgent need for compensation.
As the House will know, in October 2022, the Government paid more than £400 million in interim compensation to help to ease the short-term needs of those infected.
The Government amendment also includes a statutory duty to make interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of the deceased infected people who were registering with existing or former support schemes, where previous interim payments have not already been made to infected individuals or their bereaved partners.
That is an important step forward to  get substantial compensation into the hands of families and victims of infected blood.
Should that Government amendment be supported in the other place, it will return to this House for debate in the usual process of Commons consideration of Lords amendments.
We know that more than 3,000 people have already died in the worst treatment disaster in the history of the NHS.
Another 680 have died since the public inquiry started in 2018.
With two people dying on average every week, 100 people have died since Sir Brian made his final recommendations on paying compensation in April 2023.
He said that “wrongs were done at individual, collective and systemic levels.”
He also said that in all conscience he could not wait until his final report was published to tell the Government to start paying compensation.
Last week, Hugh Pym of the BBC produced shocking evidence about children, even babies, being experimented on in the 1970s and 1980s without their parents’ consent.
These disturbing revelations raise serious criminal and ethical issues for the NHS and the medical profession.
There are possible breaches of the 1947 Nuremberg code.
Alongside that, The Sunday Times, and Caroline Wheeler, in particular launched a campaign at the weekend for compensation to be paid now to those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
So far, more than 160 MPs have backed the campaign, and 10 parties are represented, including six leaders.
Last week, the Government finally laid those amendments to the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place after this House forced the Government to act in December last year.
This weekend, Ministers confirmed that even when Sir Brian produces his final report on  20 May , the Government may not respond until as late as  3 July 2024 .
Meanwhile, there has been no announcement on compensation funding or on any compensation scheme, despite the Government having accepted the moral case for compensation.
What action are the Government taking following last week’s BBC story on the experiments on children?
When will Sir Brian’s recommendations on compensation be implemented in full?
On what date will payments be made to those infected and affected?
Why have the interim payments not been made, as Sir Brian recommended last April?
How will those infected and affected be involved in the whole scheme?
Why are Ministers rejecting the three-month timeframe for setting up a compensation body that this House agreed to in December last year, and Sir Brian’s recommendation that it should be judge-led?
On all sides of the House, Members know that when people are dying, justice delayed is justice denied.
The time to act is now.