This is surely the worst health scandal that we have seen, with Government after Government kicking the can down the road.
We need to accept that there is a need for change, including a change in speed and urgency.
The  continued delays and prevarication—I regret to say that it feels like we have seen some more of that today—exacerbate the suffering.
We know that two people are dying every week.
The Minister must know that the delay on this issue is indefensible, and he must know its impact.
Does he appreciate why such a large number of Members are pushing for action now, and does he understand that that is what we need him to deliver?
Yes, I do understand that.
I deeply respect the views of colleagues who have made strong representations on this matter, and I am doing everything I can to move it forward as urgently as I can.
I will not repeat myself regarding the things I have said with respect to steps taken last week, or the spirit in which I am engaging and the reasons why I am doing it, but I agree with the hon.
Lady that speed is absolutely of the essence.
There has been a lot of speculation in articles in recent days—and, most prominently, in Caroline Wheeler’s book—about the wider issues: what went wrong and why these things happened.
Those matters will need to be addressed, but through the lens of Sir Brian Langstaff’s report, which will be published finally on  20 May .
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  not just for securing this urgent question, but for all the work that she and others in this place have done on this important matter.
Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation early—a whole year ago—and recommended that the compensatory body make payments by last December.
He did so because he was worried about the effects of a delay on the affected and infected.
We have missed all of those deadlines; is this what Sir Brian’s worst fear looked like?
I sincerely hope not.
What I have said with respect to the interim payment is a response to the dialogue I have had with Members across both Chambers of the House, working with Earl Howe in the other place.
I have been pretty clear that in I am doing everything I can to put preparations in place for giving a legal entity the obligation to pay compensation, and to minimise delay in advance of the final determination of the Government’s response, so that that response can be operationalised as soon as the decision is finally made.
Every time we have these urgent questions, we get a well-intentioned Minister giving a helpful but frustrating update about what is happening.
This Minister is one of the most well intentioned, and today’s statement has been one of the most helpful, but what we want to hear—as the House has said clearly today—is a clear timeline for when applications for compensation can be made and when those payments will be made.
He has come really close to telling us that today; can I encourage him to get over the line, tell us when it is going to happen, and satisfy all of us who are standing here on behalf of our constituents?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very fair and reasonable point.
I would wish to say more than I am saying today, but we have not quite got to that point; I am doing everything I can to get there.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point about the mechanics of engagement with communities, I am very seized of the need to have a clear narrative for each different cohort, so that we can be crystal clear when those decisions are made.
I recognise how frustrating this is.
Obviously, agreeing, quantifying and making provision for those things is a collective process across Government, and I am doing everything I can, using my experience from several years in the Treasury.
It is helpful that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was Health Secretary when the public inquiry was set up, and I am working with colleagues across Whitehall to deliver this as quickly as I can.
One of the most upsetting aspects of this whole tragedy is the thought of those pupils at Treloar School being experimented on like “lab rats”, as one of the pupils said.
They included brothers Michael and Bill Payne, and I met their widows Cath and Margaret over the Easter recess in Bristol.
I accept that the Minister is trying to give detailed answers and that there are complexities, but what it really comes down to is the deep, deep wrong that was done to those little boys at Treloar’s, and compensation and apologies are owed to those people.
Can I ask what the Minister is doing to communicate as clearly and effectively as possible with the families of those affected, so that they feel they are not being swamped by bureaucracy and that answers are close at hand?
I have reached out to prominent charities, organisations and support groups to share the progress that has been made—I had to respect the fact that we needed to do that through the parliamentary process last Wednesday—and to seek their views, but not to replicate the considerable trauma that they went through giving evidence in an incredibly painful fashion through Sir Brian Langstaff’s inquiry.
I am meeting those charities, organisations and support groups.
I obviously cannot meet every single individual, but I am trying to use those meetings to inform the response of the Government and to make representations to my colleagues about what needs to be done so that we can land this in the most effective place as soon as we can from  20 May .
Does the Minister recognise that many people feel that the state, with all its delays in delivering justice to the victims of this scandal and their families, has utterly failed to recognise adequately the egregious harm that has been inflicted and continues to be inflicted on those impacted, leaving tens of thousands of victims and their families in great suffering as they continue to wait for compensation?
Yes, I recognise that all delays are painful and frustrating and cause distress.
That is why I am doing everything I can to move this forward as quickly as I can.
I am sorry that that is repetitious, but it is the truth.
I think I have updated the House meaningfully today on the legislation.
I know what we need to do, which is to get to  20 May  and, as soon as possible, come up with a comprehensive response on behalf of all  those who have lost their lives and the families who have been ruined by this absolute scandal that has happened over 50 years.
May I also give my thanks to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for securing this urgent question?
It gives me the opportunity to raise the case of my constituent Mark Fox, who contracted hepatitis C from infected blood when he was given a transfusion.
He was just four years of age at the time.
He was given contaminated factor VIII for his haemophilia.
He was unaware of his hepatitis C diagnosis until he was 17, when he was in care.
He has been living with the health consequences of this scandal for over  40 years.
He lost his job, and we have mentioned the stigma.
I say with all due respect to the Minister, because I know he is doing his best, that interim payments will offer a way of bringing relief to some of the survivors.
Mark has asked me to ask the Minister how many more years he will have to wait before he receives either an interim payment or full and fair compensation for the suffering that he has endured.