The Health Secretary has promised that the Government will provide an  extra 2.5 million dental appointments this year, but the dentistry Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , says the figure has “a high likelihood of not being reliable”.
Which one of them is wrong?
I am delighted to be able to tell the hon.
Gentleman that we have modelled down the ambitions, so the figure we initially provided was higher than 2.5 million appointments.
That is because we are focused on delivering the dental recovery plan, rather than overpromising.
The hon.
Gentleman finds it easy to call our children short and fat, but he shies away from welfare reform, calling it shameless and irresponsible.
He says he is ready to stand up to middle-class lefties, but Labour has never put patients first by condemning the unions that strike.
He makes glossy promises about reforming the NHS in England, yet Labour has failed completely— Order.
I gently say that we need to get a lot of Back Benchers in, and I am sure both sides want to do that.
The last Labour Government delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history, which is a record that the right hon.
Lady’s Government cannot begin to touch.
Back to dentistry, the chief dental officer says the announcement is “nowhere near enough.”
The British Dental Association says: “This ‘Recovery Plan’ is not worthy of the title.”
It also says that the recovery plan will not stop the “exodus” of dentists and will not meet the Government’s targets.
Who should the public trust, and why should they trust the Health Secretary to deliver when her own adviser, her own Minister and, crucially, dentists all say that she is brushing the truth under the carpet?
Again, let us bring ourselves back up to date.
I know the Labour party likes looking back to the last time it found favour with the British public, but Wales is the up-to-date record of today.
Labour’s lamentable record of running the NHS in Wales speaks for itself.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so set on reform, why on earth is he not helping his Labour colleagues in Wales to do exactly as he is promising?
It is because they are empty promises, and because the hon.
Gentleman and, I am afraid, the Labour party will step back from reform rather than grappling with the issues, as we are doing with our recovery plan.
Finally, on the dental recovery plan, within a month of the new patient premium being switched on, hundreds of surgeries have opened to new patients, which means that patients in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and elsewhere are getting the care they need.
As my right hon.
Friend has already heard from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham (Priti Patel), the Mid and South Essex ICB has published proposals to close St Peter’s Hospital in Maldon and to relocate  medical services elsewhere, despite the huge growth taking place in the town.
I have to say to the Secretary of State that my constituents have little confidence in the consultation.
Will she therefore look closely at the outcome and, if necessary, intervene to ensure that my constituents are still able to access vital health services within the town?