The Prime Minister has been very clear that getting waiting lists down is one of his top priorities, but he has also been clear that performance has been disappointing.
One reason is that 1.4 million procedures have had to be rescheduled because of industrial action.
I would gently ask the shadow Secretary of State whether he condemns those strikes.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of oversight mechanisms for the General Medical Council.
The General Medical Council has been constituted by Parliament to ensure that decisions about individual doctors are independent of both the profession and the Government of the day.
The Professional Standards Authority oversees the work of all United Kingdom professional regulators and reports to Parliament on their operational performance.
Parliament continues to set and oversee the principles and scope of the regulators’ powers.
Good governance means ensuring transparency, and one concern of my constituents is whether GMC decisions can be appealed.
Will the Minister reassure me that we can have better transparency in the GMC on the decisions that it makes?
The GMC and other professional regulators have a statutory duty to investigate any concerns about the fitness to practice of one of their registrants and to take appropriate action to protect the public when that is needed.
The regulators are overseen by the Professional Standards Authority for Health and Social Care, which has the power to appeal cases where, in its view, a sanction imposed by a regulator is insufficient to protect the public.
The GMC has seven principles of decision making and consent.
How will the Minister ensure that GPs can fulfil their obligations when time constraints on appointments mean that they do not have time to listen to every complaint?
People have to book a double appointment to talk about more than one issue.
What further support can the Government give GPs to enable them to fulfil their GMC-ordered standards of care?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Government have committed to delivering 50 million more GP appointments and to making it easier throughout the country to see a doctor.
In England in December, we delivered 25.77 million GP appointments compared with 23.31 million in December 2019—an increase of 2.46 million appointments each month.
We need to continue to work with programmes such as Pharmacy First, and we are taking other steps to reduce the pressure on GPs so that they have more time to spend with their patients.
What recent progress she has made on retaining GPs.
General practitioners are a rock.
They are the underpinning force of primary care.
I want to take the opportunity to pay tribute to them for all they do for the health of the nation.
My right hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of GP retention.
During covid and since, GPs have been exhausted and the return to primary care provision has been difficult.
The Government are doing a lot, such as improving digital telephony and reducing the administrative workload.
I am about to launch a future of general practice taskforce to look at what more we can do to provide more support to this critical part of our primary care.
Chelmsford is a growing city, and it is very good that, compared with pre-covid times, we have more clinicians in our GP surgeries, but we need more surgeries as well.
One new surgery is being built.
I have been told that the limits that local district valuers impose on NHS lease costs make it increasingly difficult for developers to deliver new surgery buildings, not only in Chelmsford, but in other parts of the country.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me and other affected MPs to see whether we can resolve that issue and help growing areas, where there are more houses, to deliver the new surgeries that we need?
Of course I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss that issue, which several colleagues across the House have raised with me.
She will appreciate that the District Valuer Services is crucial in ensuring value for taxpayer’s money from the rents that are charged for GP practices.
Nevertheless, the Department is working hard to support better primary care facilities.
I understand the point and would be happy to meet her.
There are 56 fewer fully qualified GPs in Somerset now than there were in December 2016, so it is no surprise that my constituents in Wincanton feel that they can never access one.
How will the Minister support general practice to enable it to continue to provide the vital services that our communities deserve?
It is fantastic that hard-working GPs have delivered 60 million more appointments a year than in 2019.
That is a credit to their efforts.
The Government have undertaken a wide range of approaches to try to reduce the administrative burden.
We are focused on trying to deal with some of the issues that  GPs have raised with me about the primary and secondary care interface so that they do not have to write all the fit notes and liaise with consultants.
We have also spent more than £200 million on digital telephony.
Importantly, the additional roles reimbursement scheme has added more than 36,000 more professional staff, from physios to pharmacists to those in GP practices, to try to support patient access.