A recent Nuffield Trust report shows that medicine shortages are a new normal in the UK.
The Minister might claim that this is a global issue, but as the report highlights, shortages are being made worse by Brexit.
For example, the creation of a requirement for customs checks at the border and leaving the European Medicines Agency have disrupted the previously smooth supply of medicines.
What urgent action will the Minister take to help to tackle the disastrous effects of Brexit on UK medicine supplies?
The SNP, as usual, is a broken record.
We all know that diabetes medicine shortages are a global issue affecting countries not just across the whole of the European Union, but across the whole world.
Medicine supply chains are highly regulated, complex and global.
Issues can occur for multiple reasons, including manufacturing difficulties, regulatory non-compliance, surges in demand, availability of raw materials, sudden spikes in demand, and issues related to the distribution of the product.
But once again, as always, the grievance culture of the SNP is: blame everything on Brexit.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of nurse recruitment and retention in GP practices.
We hugely appreciate the work that general practice nurses do.
I know that the hon.
Lady was a nurse in her previous life, and I absolutely pay tribute to her for her service.
She will be aware that last year the Government provided additional funding for the general practice contract to uplift pay by 6%, in line with the pay review body’s recommendations.
We are very much aware of the need to try to ensure that general practice nurses feel appreciated and are keen to be retained in GP practices, which is one of the reasons I have launched a taskforce on the future of general practice.
As she will know, it is for GP practices themselves to determine the pay uplift for their nurses.
I am looking closely at that, because we know that sometimes the pay rise provided by the Government was not passed on.
We have all seen images of people queuing around the block for an appointment at their GP surgery, and in my local integrated care board, there has been a decline in general practice nurses since June 2020.
It currently takes 12 months to train nurses wishing to move into general practice.
Will the Minister tell me and my constituents in Erdington, Kingstanding and Castle Vale what she is doing to ensure that the retention of experienced nurses and the training of new nurses does not add to the pressure that GPs are already facing?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
The long-term workforce plan commits to increasing the number of general practice nurses by more than 5,000 by 2036-37.
In her area, the number of doctors in general practice in the NHS Birmingham and Solihull ICB increased by 134 full-time equivalents between 2019 and 2023, but the number of nurses  decreased slightly, by 34 full-time equivalents.
However, over the same period, direct patient care staff increased by 1,195 full-time equivalents.
I think that demonstrates to the hon.
Lady that the actual resources in GP practice are increasing, with specialisms such as physiotherapy and pharmacy, as well as nurse prescribers, to provide patients more access to good healthcare.
What steps she is taking to support the recruitment and retention of community and district nurses.
As the hon.
Member may know, in September 2023, we met our commitment to deliver 50,000 more nurses working in the NHS compared with September 2019.
As of January 2024, there are over 68,800 full-time equivalent community nurses working in NHS trusts and other core organisations across England, which is over 2,000 more than a year ago.
However, we want to go further, which is why the NHS long-term workforce plan sets an ambition to increase training places for district nurses by 150%, to nearly 1,800.
It also commits to improving retention in the NHS.
In Scotland, the vacancy rate for registered nursing posts in the community is 8.5%, and for registered district nurses it is 6.6%—in England, the situation is actually worse in most parts.
However, these posts are fundamental, not just to care in communities and to our communities themselves, but to addressing bed blocking.
It is obviously for the Scottish Government to address terms and conditions of employment, but their overall funding package is dictated by the block grant and Barnett consequentials.
Is it not time that the Department stood up for the NHS?
When there is money for weapons abroad, why can we not provide care at home?
We were told during the referendum that we would be better together and that the NHS would be protected.
Instead, it is being undermined.
We hear from Opposition Members who love nothing more than to crow and criticise as their health system declines around them, despite record funding from the UK Government.
Scotland has, sadly, some of the worst health outcomes in the western world.
Earlier this year, when the UK Government stepped in to offer support, the SNP Health Minister rejected the offer.
I reiterate that if the Scottish Government need help to reduce their waiting lists, we stand ready to provide such support.
What steps she is taking to tackle health inequalities.
We are committed to levelling up health, narrowing the gap in healthy life expectancy by 2030, and increasing healthy life expectancy by five years by 2035.
That aligns with our mission to reform our health and care system to be faster, simpler and fairer.
In January, Professor Sir Michael Marmot published “Health Inequalities, Lives Cut Short”, which confirmed that between 2011 and 2019, driven by political choices, 1 million people in 90% of areas in England lived shorter lives than they should.
The inequalities were amplified by Covid.
These lives cut short are matched by shorter lives in good health.
Does the Secretary of State believe in evidence-based health?
If so, does she accept the overwhelming evidence that current levels of ill health reflect 14 years of escalating poverty, services that have been run into the ground, including the NHS, and the Government’s failure to do what they promised in 2019: level up?
No, I do not, and I would point to the legislation that the Government brought forward last week, which is the largest and most significant public health reform that we can make to help the hon.
Member’s constituents and those in other parts of the country who face inequalities.
We know that smoking rates are disproportionately higher in poorer communities, which is one of the many reasons why we introduced such landmark legislation.
It is just a shame that the Labour party felt that they had to whip their Members to get them to vote for it.
Will the Secretary of State support Breast Cancer Now’s campaign to improve the uptake of breast cancer screening, especially among women in minority ethnic communities, because that is a good way to tackle health inequalities?
I completely agree.
Further on ethnicity and inequalities, I have not only prioritised women’s health as Secretary of State, but announced £50 million of research into maternity disparities for women of colour, given the worrying statistics associated with that.
I have also responded to calls from brave constituents, put forward by hon.
Members on both sides of the House, for further research into lobular breast cancer, because although it is responsible for 15% of diagnoses, we do not have the research or evidence to help women who are affected by it.
The reality is that someone living in the inner city in the Bradford district is likely to live 20 years less than those living in the more affluent parts of the region.
That has not just happened; it is a result of 14 years of underinvestment in and cuts to not only our NHS, but our community services.
Will the Secretary of State just admit that the Government frankly could not care less about people from places such as Bradford, because otherwise they would have accepted my levelling-up bid, which would have addressed this injustice at its core?
I am so glad that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned levelling up, because presumably he will know from his bid that the 12 levelling-up missions are mutually reinforcing.
Conservative Members take the approach that in order to help people with their health—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman is shouting at me.
I thought that this answer would be important to his constituents.
Levelling up is not just about health.
It is about the impact of education, housing and other matters in our environment, which is why in the forthcoming major  conditions strategy we will tie together the conditions that have the most impact on a healthy life.
We will draw together a cross-Government strategy to help people who are living with those conditions to live longer but also healthier lives.
The Health Secretary will know about the health inequalities across the east of England, including in Maldon district, which will only be made worse if the NHS’s plans to close St Peter’s Hospital in Maldon proceed.
Does she agree that the levelling-up funding that has been made available to Maldon District Council should be prioritised to facilitate investment in new localised health services, so that those inequalities can be tackled?
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The purpose of the levelling-up fund is to help local areas to address what they need locally, rather than respond to diktat from central London.
I encourage her to work closely, as I know she will, with local agencies, the council and others making those important decisions, so that their levelling-up announcements include health, as an integral part of her mission to improve the lives of her constituents.