Fifty years ago, Buddy Ternus, Francis Sand, and Erv Eisenmenger

started this business that has grown significantly and evolved to meet

the needs of the community through the years.
Today, Erv and his sons Scott and Chad run West Point Implement as a

family business.
Over the past five decades, the business has expanded to include West

Point Design and EIS, Mfg.
One of the keys to their success has been their commitment ``to stay

alert to change, and to lead the way for our employees and our

customers toward being the best in the business of production

agriculture.''
Cuming County, which is home to West Point Implement, has over

360,000 acres of farmland and is one of the top counties for cattle in

Nebraska.
Consequently, West Point Implement has played a pivotal part in

helping the ag economy grow in Cuming County in its years of business.
Congratulations to West Point Implement and the Eisenmenger family on

reaching this milestone--here's to the next fifty years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DAMON NELSON, STAFF DIRECTOR, HPSCI

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, November 10, marked the 5-year anniversary

of the passing of a beloved friend and colleague, former House

Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Staff Director, Damon

Nelson.
Damon Nelson served his country nearly his entire life.
Before

working for Rep. Devin Nunes and the people of California's 22nd

Congressional District, Damon was proud to have served in the United

States Air Force, where he met the love of his life and future wife,

Brigadier General Dana Nelson.
He was a decorated veteran of the

Persian gulf war, earning an Air Medal and three Air Achievement

Medals.
Damon was known to be an immensely loyal colleague.
He worked in the

office of former Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes for over

10 years.
Five years after his passing, Members and staff alike

remember Damon for his hard work, boundless sense of humor, selfless

commitment to mentoring others and service to the intelligence

community and his country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CRIS EDWARDS

HON.
MIKE BOST

Mr. BOST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cris Edwards of Olney,

Illinois, for being named a National Distinguished Principal by the

National Association of Elementary School Principals.
Cris is the principal for Richland County Elementary School, which

serves nearly 1,000 rural students.
The elementary school's mission is

to ``develop respectful, responsible learners and leaders.''
Under Cris

Edwards' watch, that mission is being fulfilled.
Her devotion is recognized by students, parents, and teachers alike.
The school was given the high honor of ``Legacy School'' by the

Leader in Me program.
They host ``High Five Fridays'' to build

connections in the community.
And they launched a mobile library in an

old school bus to deliver books in the summer.
Cris has earned her status as a National Distinguished Principal,

just as she has earned her new position as the incoming president of

the Illinois Principals Association.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Cris Edwards for all she

has done to provide a positive learning environment for Richland County

schoolchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LINDA KAY MITROVICH

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor Linda Kay Mitrovich,

a beloved friend, leader and mentor.
Linda was born on May 18, 1947, in Whittier.
California.
She was a

dedicated public servant.
She served on the Poway City Council and was

Deputy Mayor from 1986 through 1990.
She committed her life to the betterment of others and took on many

important causes, including environmental protection and Native

American sovereignty.
She played a significant role in creating the first Wildlife Corridor

in California.
the Coal Canyon Wildlife Reserve, which supported the

ecological well-being of over twenty-two million people in Southern

California.