Title: CELEBRATING THE FIRST RESPONDERS HONOREES AT THE 4TH ANNUAL BLUE MASS AT ASSUMPTION CATHOLIC CHURCH; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
190

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE FIRST RESPONDERS HONOREES AT THE 4TH ANNUAL BLUE MASS

AT ASSUMPTION CATHOLIC CHURCH

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor South Florida's

first responders as they are celebrated at the fourth annual Blue Mass

at Assumption Catholic Church taking place in Florida's 23rd

Congressional District on November 15, 2023.
Today and every day, America's first responders remain on alert and

on call whenever we need them.
Putting themselves at great personal

risk.
They are our police officers and sheriff's deputies protecting

our communities.
They are our firefighters running into burning

buildings or emergency medical technicians, paramedics, 911 dispatchers

and other public health workers providing emergency cases.
There are

not enough words to explain how grateful we are to all our

extraordinary brave men and women who put themselves in harm's way each

day, to keep our Nation safe.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great appreciation that I ask my colleagues

to join me in honoring our first responders for their service and

sacrifice to our communities.
We owe them a great debt of gratitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF BETTER FAMILY LIFE

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise with great honor to

recognize Better Family Life on the occasion of their 40th anniversary.
Endurance, faith, and unwavering commitment to service have been the

cornerstones of their remarkable journey, shaping the lives of

countless individuals and families across the St. Louis region.
Better Family Life's workforce development programs have provided

community members with vital job skills while fostering economic

empowerment and stability.
Their unwavering commitment to youth,

family, and clinical services has created a nurturing environment for

the growth and well-being of young people.
While Better Family Life's journey began in the basement of their

founders' home, it has since grown into a formidable organization,

marked by significant milestones and achievements.
The Better Family

Life Cultural Education Center enriches our understanding of the

African Diaspora through Afrikan Dance, artistic traditions classes,

and the largest area Kwanzaa expo.
The Business Center and Melanated

Marketplace stands as a testament to the organization's dedication and

impact, serving as a hub for Black education, small business

empowerment, and community engagement.
As Congresswoman for Missouri's First District, I am proud of the

various ways my office has been able to support Better Family Life's

mission, including by securing $3 million in congressionally directed

federal funding for the Lifehouse Phase 1 initiative to help revitalize

North City and support residents in securing homes.
This funding is

vital to sustaining the economic vibrancy of North City, and it was an

honor to partner with Better Family Life to deliver meaningful federal

resources for initiatives that will benefit residents across the

district for years to come.
As Better Family Life celebrates this momentous milestone, I extend

my deepest appreciation for their unwavering dedication and

congratulate them on the tremendous impact they have had on our St.

Louis community over the past four decades.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING WEST POINT IMPLEMENT ON CELEBRATING 50 YEARS

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate West Point

implement on a half-century of doing business.
Fifty years ago, Buddy Ternus, Francis Sand, and Erv Eisenmenger

started this business that has grown significantly and evolved to meet

the needs of the community through the years.
Today, Erv and his sons Scott and Chad run West Point Implement as a

family business.
Over the past five decades, the business has expanded to include West

Point Design and EIS, Mfg.