She committed her life to the betterment of others and took on many

important causes, including environmental protection and Native

American sovereignty.
She played a significant role in creating the first Wildlife Corridor

in California.
the Coal Canyon Wildlife Reserve, which supported the

ecological well-being of over twenty-two million people in Southern

California.
Linda also created the first national conference on Native

American Sovereignty in 2000.
The California State Legislature also recognized her accomplishments

by naming her Woman of the Year in 1988 and 1991.
Linda's legacy is remembered through her husband and five children,

and her memory is cherished by those fortunate enough to have met her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
LORRAINE EGAN

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a Crystal Lake,

Illinois native, Lorraine Egan, for her service in the United States

Navy.
Following the unprovoked attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, Lorraine

proclaimed that she would be ``joining the Navy,'' following in the

footsteps of her father who had served in WWI.
On December 8, just the

day after the attack, her father took her to the Navy's recruitment

center.
Lorraine entered the Navy as part of the Women Accepted for

Volunteer Emergency Service (WAVES) program, and in her words ``learned

to be tough in a gentle way,'' which she said was necessary to push

back against some of the men who were less supportive of women being in

the military.
She was among the first 200 women to join the Navy.
The Navy sent Lorraine to Hunter College in New York where she

attended nursing school before being sent to complete basic training at

Naval Station Great Lakes in Lake County, Illinois.
Lorraine was then

deployed to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina and was involved in

surgeries and delivering babies, parts of the job she loved the most.
Her daughter notes that Lorraine enjoyed almost every aspect of the

job, recalling that ``she just loved all the work.''
Former service members call her an inspiration.
as not only did she

have to pave the path for women to join the military, but ``she had to

figure out the path  . .
and bring the stones.''
At 101 years old,

Lorraine encourages young women she meets to join the military as it

pays for their education, instills a strong work ethic, and teaches

people to be thoughtful and care about others.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Lorraine

Egan for her service to this country, and her bravery to trailblaze a

path for women to serve our Nation.
I offer her good health and the

hope that she continues to spread the lessons she has learned over her

life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO THE LADY DRAGONS WATER POLO TEAM

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor our Texas-24 Hometown

Hero, Southlake Carroll's Water Polo Team, the Lady Dragons.
In only their second year as a UIL program, the Southlake Carroll

Lady Dragons Water Polo team has already achieved back-to-back

appearances at the UIL 6A state tournament.
This year, they took 2nd

place at the State Championships.
The Lady Dragons finished their 2023 season as District Champions,

Regional Champions, and State Runner-Up, achieving a 23-2 overall

record for the season.
Congratulations to the Southlake Carroll Lady Dragons Water Polo team

on an amazing season and all of their accomplishments.
I look forward

to cheering them on next season and wish all graduating seniors the

best of luck.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FOSTERING FAMILY COHESION NATIONWIDE ACT

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Fostering

Family Cohesion Nationwide Act.