As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, November 16, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF MAYOR GREGORY ZILKA UPON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate a

dedicated educator and public servant, Mayor Gregory J. Zilka, who will

be retiring after twelve years as Mayor of the City of Avon Lake.
Over

the course of his career, Mayor Zilka's commitment and leadership to

Avon Lake has shaped it into the city it is today.
Prior to serving as Mayor of Avon Lake, Mayor Zilka worked as a

social studies teacher at Avon Lake High School for thirty-five years.
In 1985, he was appointed to the Avon Lake City Council where he served

for twenty-six years, fourteen of which he served as President.
Mayor Zilka was first elected mayor in 2012.
Since then, he has

performed over 200 weddings, applied for and received $4,000,000 in

grants on behalf of the city, oversaw the construction of 600 new

single-family dwellings, and saw the population of Avon Lake grow by

over 3,000 people.
Mayor Zilka also saw Avon Lake through many

complicated issues, including the potential closing of the Ford Ohio

Assembly Plant.
In the end, the company remained open and announced a

$1.5 billion expansion.
To help Avon Lake gain more access to Lake

Erie, the Mayor oversaw the closing of Avon Lake Power Plant which had

dominated the shoreline and skyline for 100 years.
Mayor Zilka has also

helped organize and participated in Avon Lake's year-long Bicentennial

celebrations which brought about the first beer festival as well as

other events for Avon Lake's citizens.
Mayor Zilka has also been an active volunteer throughout his entire

life.
In his early 20's, he served in the Peace Corps, where he met his

wife of forty-five years.
For the past fourteen years, he has been

active within the Lorain County Office on Aging's Home Delivered Meals

program.
Additionally, he volunteers weekly for Big Brothers/Big

Sisters of Lorain County and has served on the board of trustees for

organizations including the Lorain County Alcohol and Drug Addiction

Services (ADAS), Cleveland State Leadership Academy, and the Cleveland

Clinic Avon Hospital Advisory Council, among many others.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to Mayor Gregory J. Zilka of Avon Lake, Ohio.
On behalf of the people

of the Fifth Congressional District of Ohio, I recognize the dedication

and leadership that Mayor Zilka has shown through his service to his

community.
We wish him all the best in his future endeavors.