From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FOSTERING FAMILY COHESION NATIONWIDE ACT

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Fostering

Family Cohesion Nationwide Act.
The legislation makes Temporary

Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), child support enforcement, and

foster care programs available everywhere else in our Nation also

available in the Northern Mariana Islands.
My district is the only jurisdiction ineligible for such programs

under Title IV of the Social Security Act.
In every other part of the

United States, these programs help low-income families with children

achieve economic self-sufficiency, promote joint parental

responsibility, and provide safe foster care placements for children

who cannot remain in their homes.
The continued exclusion of our islands is not only inequitable, but

also violates the agreement negotiated in the covenant that established

the current political relationship between the Marianas and the United

States.
Section 703 of P.L. 94-241 provides that the United States will

make available to the Marianas the full range of federal programs and

services available to the other territories.
And by failing to remedy

the Marianas' exclusion from programs under Title IV, Congress is

reneging on its promise and perpetuating the unequal treatment of

Americans residing in U.S. territories.
My bill, the Fostering Family Cohesion Nationwide Act, makes this

long overdue correction, and upholds our nation's statutory obligation

to the people of the Marianas.
Each child's right to a safe, nurturing,

and permanent family must be safeguarded no matter where they grow up

in the United States.
I thank my colleagues who joined me in introducing this bipartisan

legislation--Mr. Moylan, Ms. Radewagen, Ms. Plaskett, and Mr. Case.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE WY'EAST TRIBAL RESOURCES RESTORATION ACT

HON.
EARL BLUMENAUER

Mr. BLUMENAUER.
Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to introduce the

Wy'East Tribal Resources Restoration Act, which establishes a first-in-

the-nation tribal co-management structure on the Mount Hood National

Forest.
This bill directs the Forest Service to enter into a Memorandum of

Understanding (MOU) with the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs to

protect and enhance Treaty resources within ``Indian Treaty Resources

Emphasis Zones,'' through a co-management structure.
The establishment

States in protecting the exercise of Tribal Treaty rights and integrate

indigenous ecological knowledge as an important part of the best

available scientific information used to manage land within the Zones.
The co-management plan will be developed with public input, subject to

all existing environmental laws and regulations, including the National

Environmental Policy Act.
The bill also requires implementation of the

Cultural Foods Obligations, which were included in the Public Lands

Management Act of 2009 but have never been implemented.
The federal government forced Native Americans off of their homelands

and onto reservations, and we haven't honored our promises for their

treaty resources.
I believe this tribal co-stewardship is an incredibly

important step forward.
It represents 21st century public lands

management and I'm proud to lead the effort.
It also helps the federal

government fulfill its treaty obligations to Native American

communities--a moral obligation that the federal government has never

truly fulfilled.
I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, which will return

some land management authority to Native Americans who have lived on,

and managed, this land since time immemorial.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 39TH ANNIVERSARY OF NOVEMBER 1984

HON.
MARY GAY SCANLON

Ms. SCANLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my Sikh friends in

Pennsylvania and around the world to recognize the 39th anniversary of

November 1984 anti-Sikh violence in India.
November 1984 marks one of

the darkest chapters in modern Sikh history.
Sikhism traces its nearly

600 years of history to the Punjab region of India.
The Sikh community

has a rich history in our country, with emigration dating back 100

years.