November 1984 marks one of

the darkest chapters in modern Sikh history.
Sikhism traces its nearly

600 years of history to the Punjab region of India.
The Sikh community

has a rich history in our country, with emigration dating back 100

years.
With nearly 30 million followers globally and a thriving

community here in the United States, Sikhism is one of the world's

major religions.
Today we are here to remember the violence which occurred in November

1984, after the assassination of Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in

the capital territory of Delhi and most major cities of India.
These

killings lasted for days, and it is estimated that thousands of Sikh

men, women, and children were brutally murdered in their homes and on

the streets.
Mr. Speaker, as a proud co-chair of the Congressional Sikh

Caucus, remembering this heartbreaking violence that targeted Sikhs

across India in 1984 is an important and historic step towards justice,

accountability, and reconciliation and to prevent future such

occurrences.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BENZIE AREA CHRISTIAN NEIGHBORS

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the Benzie Area

Christian Neighbors (BACN) for 40 years of dedicated service and

charity.
BACN serves as an inspiration to the community, standing by

their mission of improving the quality of life for others and lending a

hand to those in need.
Founded in 1983, BACN has since performed an integral role in the

Benzie Area.
The group provides direct, needs-based assistance to those

in the area who desperately require it.
If BACN can't provide the

support necessary themselves, they always assist with a referral to

those who can.
Over the years as BACN grew, it began to transform from

a growing charity to a vibrant organization of faithful people working

to better our society.
For 40 years, the list of services that BACN offers has expanded

substantially.
Today, BACN is proud to provide a stocked food pantry, a

large clothing center, adult education opportunities, financial

assistance and so much more.
BACN also partners with larger

philanthropic entities in order to extend the best possible services to

the Northern Michigan community.
Through their collaborative efforts,

no one who seeks help is turned away empty handed.
The spirit of selflessness and compassion which characterizes BACN is

what makes it special.
Dedicated volunteers fill many crucial roles

within the BACN network, serving as coordinators, organizers, and staff

in all of the different locales of service.
Their commitment and

support have kept BACN running efficiently these past 40 years.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate the Benzie Area Christian

Neighbors for 40 outstanding years of service to the Benzie community.
I'd like to thank BACN for their continued outreach and charitable

programs, and I wish them the best in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, November 16, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF MAYOR GREGORY ZILKA UPON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.