The Minister keeps saying we should not talk down our armed forces, but we are not; the armed forces are doing a splendid, brilliant job.
What we are doing is running down what the Government are doing, which is not enough—let us put it that way.
We have the greatest threat since the cold war.
We have war in Ukraine, the middle east in disarray and China increasing its spending.
The real blame for the situation with defence lies with the Prime Minister and the Chancellor.
Does the Minister think, in these circumstances, that most reasonable people would have thought it okay not to put extra resources in the Budget for defence?
When the Prime Minister was Chancellor, he oversaw the biggest increase in spending since the cold war.
The current Chancellor significantly increased defence spending in the previous Budget for the years ahead.
We are not cutting defence spending.
As I said, if the hon.
Gentleman takes the figures in totality, it will rise by 1.8% in real terms.
If we spend what we expect to next year, we will spend 2.3% of GDP on defence—around £55.6 billion.
May I make a suggestion to my hon.
Friend?
It is perfectly clear that the MOD wants to increase defence spending, as does the Opposition spokesperson,  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , if we are to take his criticisms at all seriously.
Is the right question to ask whether we are spending enough to prevent a war, not to fight a war?
How much more do we need to spend to be an effective deterrent, which we do not appear to be at the moment?
As I said, it is important that we engage in the key capability questions.
It is one thing to talk about spending more, but what capabilities would we purchase, and where are our shortcomings?
It must be a new development at the heart of defence to have a constant feedback loop of data on integrated warfighting and what is happening in Ukraine, with the armed services and with industry, so that we know what capabilities will make the difference.
To give one example, we have seen the extraordinary impact of uncrewed weapons in Ukraine.
We have made assumptions about technologies in our equipment plan, which are probably far more expensive than those options.
We need to look at this from a warfighting point of view.
To support deterrence, the important thing is to back our armed forces.
That is why we have our spending commitment, but it has to be balanced against the ability of the economy to support it and sustain it in the long term.
The Times recently illustrated that the British Army will shrink in size to 67,000 within the next two years due to the current recruitment and retention crisis.
Our senior and  close allies, including the US, have expressed their grave concerns, and even senior Conservatives have conceded that our armed forces have been hollowed out since 2010.
As threats to the UK increase, why have the Government shrunk our Army to its smallest size since Napoleon?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a crisis in recruitment but, as I said, January saw the highest number of applications to join the Army for six years.
That is an important and positive development.
On the size of the armed forces, we should talk about not just the number of soldiers, but the amount of accommodation to support them, and the platforms, the weapons and the capabilities.
That is an extremely expensive undertaking.
If the hon.
Gentleman thinks that that is the right thing to do, he needs to lobby his colleagues on his own Front Bench, because they have not committed to spending 2% of GDP on defence, let alone 2.5%.
As a former Armed Forces Minister, I pay high tribute to His Majesty’s armed forces but not to His Majesty’s Treasury.
The Red Book—the Budget Bible—shows clearly in tables 2.1 and 2.2 that next year’s core defence budget has been cut by £2.5 billion.
That is true.
It ill behoves any Government—let alone one that purports to call themselves Conservative—to use one-off payments to Ukraine or overspends in the nuclear budget from the consolidated fund and pretend that they are part of the defence budget, when everyone in this House knows that they are not.
As the son of a D-day veteran, I say to the Government—if not to the Minister, for whom I have great regard—more in anger than in sorrow that what they have done is deeply dishonourable, and they should be ashamed of themselves.
My right hon.
Friend was a Defence Minister, and I respect his great passion about all things related to the armed forces, particularly because of his father.
When we spend on the nuclear deterrent or on supporting Ukraine—purchasing weapons and providing ordnance, ultimately to help defend ourselves—that is legitimately described as defence expenditure.
After all, how else are we to pay for that, and from which budget?
Compared with last year, there is a real-terms increase of 1.8%, which if we spend what we expect will amount to £55.6 billion and 2.3% of GDP.
Many citizens will be rightly concerned about the use of the phrase “pre-war world”.
What requires clarification is not simply the scale of the British military in years to come, but where the armed forces are currently deployed, and what they are doing.
Are British servicemen firing weaponry in Ukraine, as suggested by German ministerial sources?
Are British forces assisting Israel in its genocide through the provision of military intelligence?
Knowing the answer to those questions is fundamental to our security, and indeed to our knowing whether the UK is upholding international law, never mind it being a basic democratic right, and something that our citizens are entitled to know.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that we do not comment on speculation, particularly on sensitive operational matters relating to the armed forces, and  that is the right approach.
Yes, we have a duty of candour, but we also have to protect those serving on the frontline.
The fighting in Ukraine proves that size matters.
The Minister should reconstitute the Territorial Army, which demonstrated that, with economy, quantity had a quality all of its own.
My right hon.
Friend has a quality all of his own, as shown in how he puts his questions.
He makes a very good point.
We tend to talk about the Regular Army, but we must remember our reserves.
They are incredibly important and we pay tribute to them.
Ukraine has shown that this country is able to make an extraordinary contribution.
This is speculating, but it is likely that if it had not been for the contribution we made, Ukraine would not have been successful in repelling the Russians as far as it has done.
So there we have it: President Putin will be ordering his officers to stop sabre-rattling with the west because the British are changing their procurement rules!
The reality is that the Minister cannot fight the war he wants to fight with the capability he has.
He will be presented with the conflict that develops, and we need the capability and resilience to meet threats that emerge.
What assessment has he made of the threats to the United Kingdom, and how will he meet those threats with the armed forces he has?
The hon.
Gentleman’s rather trite comment on procurement is a total failure to understand how the military works.
He wants to talk about the deterrent; everything from our nuclear submarines right down to small arms is part of the procurement system.
They all have to be procured.
My priority is ensuring that we have a procurement system that is agile, gets equipment to the frontline as fast as possible, and can engage with the latest technological developments; think of lasers and uncrewed systems.
Technology is moving at an extraordinary pace.
We have used technology to support Ukraine so far.
We have provided 4,000 drones and will increase our support to around 10,000.
We are doing everything possible to support Ukraine.
All that is done through the procurement system—if I may say so, highly effectively.
I join my hon.
Friend in commending the professionalism of our armed forces, and in pointing out that Labour has not committed to an increase in defence spending, but may I remind him that the first duty of any Government is to ensure that defence spending primarily reflects the threat, rather than the ability to pay?
We have a war in Europe.
We have an increasingly belligerent Russia.
I chair the defence committee of the 1922 committee.
Conservative Back Benchers are very much behind the idea that we need to increase defence spending.
What does the Minister think it will take to increase defence spending?
First of all, we have increased defence spending.
Crucially, the last spending review saw the largest allocation of spending to defence since the cold  war.
Yes, we have set an aspiration of 2.5%, and the answer to when that will happen is: when economic conditions allow.
It would be imprudent to commit to such a level of spending if we did not think it could be sustained.
The worst thing would be to have that spending for maybe one or two years, and then have to go backwards because we did not think it was sustainable.
This is about balancing affordability against commitment, but we need to be absolutely clear that at over £50 billion, this is the most we have ever spent on defence.
There is an extraordinary effort in support of Ukraine, and we have highly capable armed forces who are making an extraordinary contribution to NATO, including through the latest NATO exercise, and will continue to do so.
I do not want to make too much play of your earlier remarks, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I was born on the night the House was bombed and this Chamber was burned out.
As I have listened to the Minister, I have been saying to myself—I hope that he will recall this—that he represents the party of Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher, but now that the world is more dangerous than I can recall it being in all my years, we are not able to defend the country adequately.
I say to Members on both sides of the House that this is a wake-up call; we must act now.
I pay respect to the hon.
Gentleman’s longevity and seniority, and to the fact that on the day he was born, the House was bombed, during whichever war it was—I think it was the second world war.
He said that we are unable to defend ourselves, and I totally and utterly reject that claim.
If Putin had succeeded in his invasion of Ukraine, yes, we would have been looking at a situation similar to that in the late 1930s, but that invasion has not succeeded.
The reason for that is the involvement of this Government, who took extraordinary steps to train Ukrainians; provided vital munitions, such as next-generation light anti-tank weapons, before the war started; ensured that we were the first country to provide tanks; and encouraged other nations to provide enormous amounts of arms.
Without that, the world would be an even less safe place, but I accept that it is becoming more dangerous, which is why we are supporting our armed forces, and why we are playing such a massive role in NATO’s Steadfast Defender exercise.
The hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  referred to Members on both sides of the House.
Is there not a clear distinction between Members on either side of the House, namely that from the Prime Minister and the Chancellor downwards there is a commitment and an agreement to defence spending amounting to 2.5% of GDP, while in stark contrast Labour Members, while suggesting that they are a Government in waiting, are not prepared to commit themselves to 2.5%, or even to our current spending commitments?
There is unity on the Conservative side, and complete disunity on the other.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, which I had the pleasure of visiting recently, there are many defence interests, and he has hit the nail on the  head.
We have heard all the theatrics, but the fact is that we have not a clue what the Opposition will spend on defence.
Labour Members have not even confirmed that they will spend the existing 2.3%, let alone 2.5%.
The conflict in Ukraine is a stark reminder of why we must take our defence incredibly seriously.
The Minister has just said that the world is becoming a more dangerous place.
Does he therefore agree that his Government’s decision to cut our UK troops to 10,000 was irresponsible, and will he commit himself to reversing those cuts and ensuring that the British Army is the requisite size to defend the United Kingdom and its allies?
As I have said, we have just committed 40% of the land force personnel to the Steadfast Defender exercise.
NATO is the key to the defence of this nation, and indeed the whole continent, in conventional terms.
We should recognise the enormous contribution of our armed forces, and the fact that we have increased spending significantly.
However, I hear what colleagues are saying, as does the Secretary of State.
We have set out the case for 2.5%, but we want that 2.5% to be sustainable, so that the economy can afford it over the long term, and that will be possible through growth and sensible measures on fiscal policy.