The Minister conceded earlier that funding for Ukraine and the escalating nuclear cost were at the expense of restoring the viability of our frontline readiness, but deterrence is a lot cheaper than war.
Surely our support for Ukraine and the deterrent should be a charge on the general fund, rather than further hollowing out our conventional armed forces.
I do not believe I made that point about nuclear.
The right hon.
Gentleman has said that these factors are at the expense of the frontline, but nuclear is the frontline.
We have had the continuous at-sea deterrent patrolling in defence of this country every year since 1969, as I recall.
We have had it for a long time, and it is fundamental to our defence.
The idea that that is not frontline spending is extraordinary.
Looking at the figures for resource and capital departmental expenditure limits, it looks like there is a 7%—£2.5 billion —cut for this coming year.
The Office for Budget Responsibility says that defence spending will be flat as a share of GDP.
With Russia’s expenditure on its military at 40% of its total economy, why did the Secretary of State accept the reduction from the Chancellor and the Prime Minister?
I have explained why we do not believe that there has been a reduction; we believe that there will be a 1.8% increase in real terms.
The hon.
Gentleman says that spending as a percentage of GDP is flat.
I point out that in 2019, it was 2.08%—just under 2.1%.
We believe that if we spend everything we expect to in the next financial year, that will be 2.3%, which is a significant increase.
I am sure that the Procurement Minister is aware of Survitec in my constituency, which has provided equipment to the armed forces for decades.
He will acknowledge  that the last few years have taught us the importance of having secure UK supply chains, and of getting good jobs to the whole country through the power of procurement.
I invite him to come and speak to Survitec, so that he can hear directly from the company about its frustrations with the procurement process.
Before I was injured playing football for Parliament versus the Army, I always used to enjoy playing five-a-side with the hon.
Gentleman.
I would be delighted to accept his invitation to visit, because small and medium-sized enterprises and businesses are absolutely critical.
As the Minister for Defence Procurement, and having run an SME, I believe that we have to have an environment that encourages investment in defence and supports our domestic supply chain.
A key part of that is exportability.
I look forward to discussing these matters with the company that he mentions.
The shocking state of Army accommodation is a big driver of the recruitment and retention challenges that we face, so it will not come as a surprise to hear that I am yet again raising the issue of the shocking standard of accommodation at the Chicksands base.
When I catch up with serving personnel over a pint or two at our local pub in Shefford, there is a growing sense of resignation about the future of the base, but there is real concern that its planned closure will mean that the situation goes unadjusted, and that really poor accommodation units are not improved.
To do right by those personnel, will the Minister commit to revisiting the Government’s decision not to upgrade either of the two service bases in my constituency, where hundreds of beds fall into grades 3 or 4?
We engaged with this issue in the hon.
Gentleman’s Westminster Hall debate on accommodation, in which I announced our plans for Chicksands.
I entirely accept that this is a matter on which there should be  engagement with the local community, and that there will be a range of views.
I emphasise that we have put an extra £400 million into accommodation, which has allowed us to deliver our winter plan highly effectively.
There has been a massive increase in the number of properties in the defence estate benefiting from damp and mould packages, but also from new doors and so on, to deal with long-standing issues in the estate, and I am keen to do more.
Finally, I call Jim Shannon.