The Secretary of State said he wanted to ensure that “our entire defence ecosystem is ready” to defend, but here is the reality of our armed forces under this Government: capability delays and shortfalls, stockpile shortages, losing personnel, woeful recruitment levels, a £29 billion black hole in finances, and, as of last week, no real boost to the MOD’s budget.
The Secretary of State is failing, isn’t he?
When the hon.
Lady talks about procurement and delays, I would have thought she could at least recognise the support we have given to Ukraine, where we have procured an extraordinary amount of ordnance into the country to help Ukrainians to defend themselves.
Much of that has been at great pace, not least from gifting, for example, our AS-90s, a whole range of munitions, and 300,000 artillery shells.
Had it not been this country’s role, I think we can safely say that Russia would have been successful.
Whether it be covid, the war in Ukraine or the middle east, it is clear that our world is becoming more dangerous, not less.
Many of us in the House have been calling for increased defence spending and for a recognition of the symbiotic relationship between our economy and security.
That has been illustrated by what has been going on in  the Red sea.
That is why we need to spend more, but how might we spend it?
Will the Minister consider a defence review, because Ukraine continues to illustrate how the character of conflict is changing?
On that note, will he agree that the biggest international security threat is Russia as it moves to a war footing?
We have done well to slide across £12 billion of support, but unless more is done, the tide will turn in Ukraine and that will change the economy and security of the whole continent.
My right hon.
Friend, as ever, makes some excellent points.
He is right to mention how we spend the money.
It is one thing to talk about GDP figures and spend, but what are our priorities?
As Procurement Minister, and as I set out in my recent statement on the integrated procurement model, I want much greater use of data, particularly from the frontline in Ukraine, to inform our own defence industry so that we can bring forward at a much greater pace those technological innovations, whether in uncrewed systems or complex weapons, that will truly help strengthen our defence.
As for a review, he will appreciate that is a matter for the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Defence, but he makes an excellent point.
We have the smallest Army since the Napoleonic era, so can I press the Minister on this?
Was a cut of £2.5 billion in cash terms announced in the Budget last week?
I hear this point about Napoleon many times.
If it is the Labour party’s position to significantly increase the size of the standing Army, that is a massive financial commitment.
The hon.
Gentleman needs to have a word with the shadow Defence Secretary and the shadow Chancellor, because as yet they have not once committed to current spending levels, let alone 2.5% when the economic conditions allow.
I strongly support my hon.
Friend’s powerful commitment to defence in general, but I am rather disappointed by his tepid promise about moving to 2.5% of GDP.
I also find myself in the career-wrecking position of strongly agreeing with the shadow Secretary of State for Defence, who put the arguments extremely well.
The fact of the matter is that last week’s Budget reduced both kinds of defence expenditure by £2.5 billion, and we are not facing any kind of move towards 3%, which no less a figure than the former Secretary of State for Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , publicly called for last week.
Two serving Ministers have said how disappointed they are by the Budget.
By what possible arithmetic does the Minister conclude we are in fact increasing defence spending, when every expert in the world says that we patently are not?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who always speaks with such expertise on defence matters.
First, on 2.5% being tepid, we have to be able to sustain that.
If it was a one-off, the Army, the Navy and the Air Force would not be able to plan accordingly.
It has to be  an investment that we can sustain and, thereby, the economy of the country has to be able to sustain it.
Forgive me for sounding like I am still in my previous job at the Treasury, but the country has to be able to afford it, and we need to be prudent in the commitments we make on public expenditure, not least so that they are sustainable in the long term and not a one-off, which would be the worst thing we could do.