The Minister stood at the Dispatch Box on  22 January  and pledged to me that every parent who wanted the 15 free hours for their eligible two-year-old would be able to get a place.
Can he restate that pledge today explicitly for parents of children who have special educational needs, and pledge that they will not have to pay a higher fee—yes or no?
I appreciate that it must be very frustrating for the hon.
Lady, who genuinely cares about childcare, to be in a party that cannot be bothered to come up with a plan for it and has had to ask someone else to write it one because it cannot think of one.
On her specific issue, as I said, we are working with every local authority to ensure that they have the places that they need for all children.
Whether her Department is taking steps to ensure that initial teacher training courses include early identification of autism.
The Department for Education recently reviewed the mandatory initial teacher training core content framework, alongside the early career framework.
Particular attention was given to the needs of trainees and early-career teachers when supporting pupils with special educational needs.
That was a very useful response, for which I am very grateful.
I recently brought my ten-minute rule Bill to the House, which was specifically about mandating autism training in the initial teacher training framework, because we all know that early identification is vital.
If education staff all had autism training right from the start, we could put in place a system so that autistic children receive support very early on in their school career.
Will the Minister assure me of the steps that he has taken to include autism training specifically in initial teacher training, and meet me again to discuss supporting my ten-minute rule Bill?
My hon.
Friend is running a strong campaign.
From September 2025, initial teacher training and the early career framework will contain significantly more content on supporting pupils with special educational needs, including autistic pupils.
We have committed £12 million to the universal SEND services programme, which has so far given training to more than 135,000 professionals regarding autism awareness, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend again.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We are delivering the largest ever expansion of childcare in England’s history, which begins rolling out in just three weeks’ time, from  1 April .
We did it before when we more than doubled the entitlements there had been under the previous Labour Government, and I am delighted to update the House that our latest projections show that more than 150,000 new funded places will be secured by early April.
We expect that number to grow in the months ahead, saving parents more than £550 million in childcare costs.
April is just the first phase.
From September, parents with children from the age of nine months until they start school will be able to benefit from that support.
Only the Conservatives have a plan that hard-working parents can rely on as they grow their families.
Labour has no plan, so why does it not support ours to give families the certainty they deserve?
I recently visited Fairfield Spencer Academy in my Broxtowe constituency, where I met Craig Jones, who is doing good work with the Junior Adventures Group, a leading provider of school-age childcare.
During my visit, I observed staff providing crucial support to children beyond regular school hours.
However, it is evident that that level of support is not consistent around the country, and that funding for the school-age childcare sector needs reform.
I welcome the £289 million for the wraparound care sector, but will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State commit to introducing a universal funding model linked to parent earnings, similar to that for the early years, to ensure providers remain affordable and sustainable?
We are making wraparound childcare available for all parents who need it, and we are supporting hard-working parents to balance having a family and a successful career.
Our £289 million investment will help schools develop exciting programmes before and after school, which will provide more flexibility for working parents.
I am sure the Minister for Children, Families and Wellbeing, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to keep him updated on progress.
Neither the Secretary of State nor any Treasury Minister met representatives of the early years sector in the months before last year’s Budget announcement on childcare.
Now, with just three weeks to go, parents, providers and even the Government’s own civil servants are sounding the alarm.
More than seven in 10 providers say they will not offer additional places and a quarter say they are likely to close within a year.
Will the Secretary of State now guarantee that all parents will be able to access the childcare places that she promised?
Absolutely; I set that out in my topical statement.
We are working with every local authority to ensure the places are available.
I am glad the hon.
Lady mentioned childcare, because it is yet another policy area that the Labour party has no plan for.
We are delivering the largest expansion of childcare in history so that working parents of children from the age of nine months to the start of school will get 30 hours of childcare a week.
The real question is: what is Labour’s plan?
Nobody knows, because it does not have one.
It is clear that the Conservatives are the only party with a plan for working parents.
There is one way we can find out what the public think: call a general election.
Last week, we heard another promise from the Chancellor for a new funding mechanism for early years providers.
There was talk of hundreds of millions of pounds more for the sector, but strangely no news about where the promised £500 million will actually come from—there was nothing at all in the Budget documents.
Will the Secretary of State tell us today where the money is coming from, or is this yet another reckless, unfunded pledge without a plan from the Conservatives?
There would be no childcare on the table if the Labour party were in charge, so I urge all working parents to support the Conservative party, which has a plan for them.
Like everything we do, the £500 million will be fully funded.
It secures the rates in the future so that businesses up and down the country have the confidence to invest.
The Labour party has absolutely no plan for childcare and for supporting working parents in this country.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has rightly championed childcare and early education.
I congratulate her on the £500 million in this year’s Budget, on top of the billions committed last year to the sector— indicated dissent.
It is in the Red Book.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to show her where it is.
I urge the Secretary of State to keep pressing on some of the Education Committee’s other recommendations, including on extending family hubs, removing rates and VAT from childcare providers, and reforming tax-free childcare to drive take-up.
This Conservative Government are backing this country’s brilliant childcare providers as we roll out our historic childcare offer.
As my hon.
Friend has pointed out, that is on top of the roll-out of universal services in family hubs.
To give certainty to the early years sector, we have confirmed that average funding rates will increase over the next two financial years—as he stated, the details are in the Red Book—giving them the confidence to invest and expand.
Only the Conservatives have a plan for hard-working parents.