rose— rose— Order.
I appreciate that two hon.
Members are rising to ask questions, but perhaps they have forgotten that they have already had that opportunity; each asked a question earlier this afternoon.
I know  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  got away with two questions, but I often make an exception for him due to his longevity in this place.
Seniority!
It is being suggested to me that I should use the word “seniority”, and that does have a better ring to it—I mean the hon.
Member for Huddersfield’s seniority in this place.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence to make a statement on the state of the UK armed forces.
It is an honour to set out how our outstanding armed forces are doing incredible work around the world, protecting the UK and our allies.
That includes operating on every single NATO mission, supporting Ukraine against Putin’s aggression, and tackling Houthi attacks on shipping in the Red sea.
We are spending a record amount on defence.
That includes an extra £24 billion in cash terms between 2020 and 2025, which is the largest sustained increase since the end of the cold war.
The Government fully recognise the growing security threat, which is why we have set out our longer term aspiration to invest 2.5% of GDP on defence when fiscal and economic circumstances allow.
We are already spending more than 2% of GDP on defence, exceeding our NATO target.
We are delivering the capabilities that our forces need, significantly increasing spending on defence equipment to £288.6 billion over the next decade, and introducing a new procurement model to improve acquisition.
For the Royal Navy, that includes Dreadnought, Astute and AUKUS submarines, as well as fleet solid support ships Type 26 and Type 21 frigates.
For the Army, Future Soldier will deliver the largest transformation in more than 20 years, re-equipping and re-organising to be more deployable and lethal.
The RAF will become an increasingly digitally empowered force, with the Global Combat Air Programme providing a sixth-generation fighter jet capability, building on that provided by our Typhoons and F-35 fifth-generation aircraft today.
Our Defence Command Paper 2023 set out our plan to deliver a credible war fighting force, generated and employed to protect the nation and help it prosper now and in the years to come.
We will embody a fully integrated approach to deterrence and defence, including across all domains and across Government, by exploiting all levers of state power, and with allies and partners.
I pay tribute to HMS Richmond’s actions over the weekend, defending shipping in the Red sea against a large-scale Houthi attack.
Those are the demands that our armed forces face as threats increase.
The Defence Secretary owes the public and Parliament an explanation.
He said that we are moving into “a pre-war world”, and ahead of last week’s Budget he wrote to the Chancellor and stated that “we must take bold action in your Budget to commit to defence spending increasing to 2.5% in 2024.
It would re-establish our leadership in Europe.”
But there is a growing gap between the Defence Secretary’s rhetoric and the reality for our armed forces, who are charged with preparing for this new dangerous era.
In the Budget there was no new money for defence, nothing new for Ukraine, and nothing for Gaza or the UK’s operations in the middle east.
Worse, both the Treasury and the House of Commons Library confirm that the defence budget will be cut by £2.5 billion in cash terms in this next financial year.
The 2.5% of GDP, which the  Minister referred to, was not mentioned once in the Treasury Red Book; the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was in 2010 under a Labour Government.
While Putin wages war in Europe, Ministers are warring with each other.
Challenging defence policy in public, the Minister for Security was on TV this morning calling for 2.5% now.
That is a serious breakdown in collective ministerial responsibility, but I am most concerned about the serious state of the UK armed forces.
What signal does it send to our adversaries when our forces have been hollowed out and underfunded for the last 14 years; when the Public Accounts Committee finds the largest ever funding deficit in the MOD’s equipment plans; when the British Army has been cut to its smallest size since Napoleon; when forces recruitment targets have been missed each and every year for 14 years; and when satisfaction with service life has hit a record low?
I have one simple question for the Minister: where is the plan for better defending Britain?
It is clear that our armed forces cannot afford another five years of a Conservative Government.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments about HMS Richmond.
I am sure that we all agree and pay tribute to our Royal Navy personnel, who are there ultimately to defend not only themselves but freedom of navigation for the rest of the world.
We should recognise the importance of the role that they are undertaking on behalf of our Government.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the funding for next year.
To be clear, that will represent a 1.8% increase in real terms and not the cut that he suggested.
If we spend the money that we expect, it will amount to £55.6 billion—about 2.3% of GDP, which is traditionally how we measure our spending.
That is significantly above the just under 2.1% in 2019, so it is a significant increase as a percentage of GDP.
The right hon.
Gentleman also talked about recruitment, which is an important issue.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence People and Families is doing a lot of work on that and, as the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, in January we saw the highest number of applications to the Army in six years.
A more positive picture is developing, recognising the importance of the mission.
We should not talk down our armed forces when we expect people to apply and to want to be recruited into them.
I note the range of comments about the 2.5% and want to make several points.
The first is that the right hon.
Gentleman said that we had not spent that percentage since Labour were in power.
Well, something extraordinary happened at the end of their time in power: they crashed the economy, we had a full-on banking crisis and a letter was left for our Government saying “there is no money.”
It is no surprise that we had to take difficult decisions, but despite that we have shown our commitment to the armed forces.
When he was Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Prime Minister approved the largest ever increase in defence spending since the cold war, and there has been further money since then in the Budget.
Of course, we are committed to 2.5% when the circumstances allow.
For all the right hon.
Gentleman’s bluster, he has not even  committed to matching our current spending on defence, let alone 2.5%; we challenged him on that at Defence orals and he was not able to give any commitment whatever to spending.
The public know where we stand: 2.3% in the year ahead and 2.5% when the economics allow.
We do not have a clue where Labour stands.
I agree with the Minister that we have extraordinarily capable armed forces whose productivity is second to none.
However, as is set out in “Ready for War?”, our Defence Committee report, they are extremely engaged globally and have a great deal to do, much of which is invaluable.
At the same time, they are having to prepare for the “pre-war” phase to which the Defence Secretary referred.
In that context, does my hon.
Friend agree that the timing of the 2.5% target—that is very welcome and a very good first step—needs to be determined by the level of threat as a priority expenditure, rather than as economic conditions allow?
I do not think that we can commit to levels of public expenditure or tax cuts, for example, without being confident that the economy can support them in a prudent fashion—an entirely reasonable and rational approach.
However, I totally agree with my right hon.
Friend the Chair of the Defence Committee.
We all recognise that we are living in a more dangerous world—the Secretary of State has alluded to the threats we face not just in Ukraine but in respect of other adversaries around the world—and I totally understand why there is the wider debate on what we spend, but we already have a significant budget, and we must ensure that it is spent well and delivers value for money.
That is why a key priority for me is reform of our procurement system so that we can ensure that our armed forces can prioritise effectively.
Ultimately, it is the capability that we have now that will determine our ability to warfight.