I acknowledge all that my right hon.
Friend says.
I can reassure him that the scope of works, including all funding committed, has been confirmed on this new build.
However, of course, if it would be helpful to have a meeting, I would be happy to do this.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage take-up of degree-level apprenticeships.
I note that the Labour Front Benchers did not mention the 222,320 starts on degree apprenticeships since their introduction in 2014-15.
There are now more than 170 employer-designed degree-level apprenticeships available, including in occupations such as doctor, space engineer and midwife.
We are spending an additional £40 million in the next two years to support providers to promote degree apprenticeships.
Businesses in my constituency regularly tell me that they much prefer apprentices and those who have taken degree-level apprenticeships to traditional graduates.
That came up time and again in a recent engagement event I held with Buckinghamshire Business First at Ercol in Princes Risborough.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell me what more the Government are going to do to send a clear signal to all pupils across the whole country that degree-level apprenticeships are out there, they should sign up for them and they will have fantastic careers ahead of them?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a champion of the automotive and motorsport industry in his constituency.
He will be pleased to know that we now have UCAS for apprenticeships, which will transform the apprenticeship scheme when students apply for university or apprenticeships.
The apprenticeship skills and knowledge network goes to thousands of schools, interacting with many hundreds of thousands of students.
As I mentioned, we are spending £40 million to promote degree apprenticeships among providers.
We have strengthened legislation to ensure that schools do more to promote apprenticeships and technical and vocational education.
What steps she is taking to ensure school pupils are informed about apprenticeship opportunities.
My hon.
Friend is a champion of FE and skills—he has asked a lot of questions about the subject over the past months.
We want apprenticeships to be part of the careers conversations in every school.
We have strengthened the law so that schools must offer pupils at least six education and training provider encounters.
We have invested £3.2 million in the apprenticeship skills and knowledge network, which reached over 2,300 schools and colleges in 2022-23.
Vandyke Upper School in Leighton Buzzard, which I visited last week, tells every student about apprenticeships and has an excellent apprenticeships ambassador.
As the Minister will know, sadly not every school does this.
Most teachers have been to university and they may not know about apprenticeships, so what can we do to ensure that every school tells every student about apprenticeships, as Vandyke Upper School does, because they can be life-transforming for the right students?
My hon.
Friend speaks a lot of wisdom.
I congratulate Vandyke Upper School on its work.
I have been to apprenticeship fairs and careers days at the Oasis Academy in Brislington.
Huge amounts of work are going on with the Careers & Enterprise Company and the apprenticeship ambassador network, to ensure that there is a network member engaged at every secondary school and college.
I have mentioned some of the other things we are doing to promote careers and apprenticeships in all our schools.
What steps she is taking to promote post-college opportunities to pupils with SEND.
We know that with the right preparation and support the overwhelming majority of young people with SEND are capable of sustained and paid employment.
The National Careers Service offers young people with SEND aged 19 to 24 tailored support from careers advisers.
We are investing £80 million until 2025 to build capacity and support an internship programme.
We have also launched a mentoring pilot for disabled apprentices.
Homefield College, based in Mountsorrel and Sileby in my constituency, is a community-based independent specialist college that offers education, training and independent living skills for people with learning disabilities and communication difficulties.
What steps are being taken by the Department to promote and support such excellent FE colleges, and to help create opportunities for work experience, life skills and development for students, so that they may go on to live happy and fulfilling lives as an integral part of their local community?
I was pleased to visit Loughborough not so long ago with my hon.
Friend.
She is passionate about FE and skills.
I know Homefield College well; it is a brilliant college and I am glad it was recently allocated £95,000 for capital spend.
We have the £80 million supported internship scheme for those with special educational needs; an FE bursary scheme for special needs teachers; specialist National Careers Service advice for young people; and the SEND code of practice to prepare young people for adulthood.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 12MC.]
(Correction)
We are doing everything possible to support FE for those with special educational needs, to ensure that they get on the ladder of opportunity.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve teaching and learning in schools.
Great teaching is truly transformational in children’s lives.
Thanks to our brilliant teachers, and the focus on high standards in the curriculum, attendance and behaviour, nine and 10-year-olds in England are now the fourth best in the world for reading.
We have seen how children in English schools are the best readers in the western world thanks to this Government.
In Uxbridge and South Ruislip, we see how that work is being translated into outstanding or good Ofsted ratings.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating the team at Ruislip High School and the children’s services team at Hillingdon Council on their recent outstanding ratings, and will he pledge to work with me to ensure that children across Uxbridge and South Ruislip have the best possible education?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Ruislip High School and Hillingdon Council’s children’s services team.
Nearly 90% of schools in Uxbridge and South Ruislip are now rated good or outstanding by Ofsted, up from under 70% in 2010, following the great work of teachers and our relentless focus on improving school standards.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the availability of high-quality childcare for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
To ensure high-quality childcare for children with special educational needs, we are investing hundreds of millions of pounds to increase hourly funding rates and the amount of dedicated additional SEND funding, such as the disability access fund, for all eligible children, and funding the training of early years special educational needs co-ordinators.
To the surprise of no one who looked at what the Government were proposing, my inbox, like those of many other MPs, is full of emails from parents who cannot get the 15 free hours in April without paying for a massive hike in their fees.
One group in  particular that is struggling is parents of children with special educational needs or a disability.
That was entirely predictable, because the Government’s own impact assessment said explicitly that changing the ratios could have a “negative impact” on the provision of places for children with special educational needs.