Following last year’s 2.8% increase, the Government have announced a paltry 2.5% increase in maintenance loans this September.
With a compound inflation rate of 15%, that amounts to a massive real-terms cut.
Meanwhile, the Welsh Government have announced a 3.7% increase.
Even in Scotland, there will be a £2,500 special support loan for all students.
Across the country, students are being forced into working multiple jobs to try to make ends meet.
What have this Government got against students?
I am proud that we have a record number of students going to university.
I have already mentioned the fact that the disadvantaged are 74% more likely to go to university than they were before.
I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what we are doing to help students: we have a £286 million welfare fund that we give to the OFS; we have increased loans by 2.8%; we have frozen tuition fees; families across the country have been given, on average, £3,700 to help with energy bills and other bills; we have given hundreds of millions of pounds to the household support fund to support all families; students know that they can have their loans reassessed if their family income falls by 15%; and finally, we have introduced degree apprenticeships so that students do not need to take out a loan but can earn while they learn and get a good, skilled job at the end.
Whether she is taking steps to help improve the morale of teachers and school support staff.
Supporting teacher wellbeing is crucial to our commitment to a supportive culture in schools, and for encouraging teacher retention.
That is why we co-created the education staff wellbeing charter with the education sector, and we have invested over £1 million in school leader mental health and wellbeing support.
Is the truth not that retention is down, recruitment is down and early retirements are up?
What is the Minister going to do to boost the morale of teachers?
They say to me, “Wouldn’t it be wonderful to have a Cabinet who had been through a state sector education and sent their children to state schools?”
I think the hon.
Gentleman needs to do some research before he starts asking questions in Parliament.
On recruitment and retention, I join him in stressing the importance of retention, which we are absolutely focused on, including through our workload programme.
We have a good set of scholarships and bursaries for encouraging entry and a range of different routes into teaching to get the full range of talent that can benefit our children and young people.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that good and enthusiastic teachers are vital to ensuring that we have good, successful schools and pupils?
What more can be done to assist schools with discipline and truancy issues, because it would obviously help teachers’ morale if they could have some more support?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of brilliant teachers—I think he might have some personal experience of that.
He is also right about the central importance of behaviour.
In relation to retention, we hear back in surveys that we need to improve further on this.
This is one of the reasons that we have the network of behaviour hubs, so that schools can learn one from another about what works best.