It is not just that level 2 and 3 apprenticeship starts have  plummeted by over 50% since the levy was introduced, but that 16 to 18-year-old apprenticeship starts are down by 41%.
Research by the Sutton Trust and the London School of Economics further shows that, by 2020, the proportion of apprenticeship starts by those from poorer backgrounds had dropped significantly.
Opportunities for all our young people to earn and learn expanded every year under Labour.
Is it not now painfully clear that the biggest barrier to opportunity is this Tory Government?
As always, Labour Front Benchers are obsessed with quantity over quality.
We have transformed the quality of apprenticeships.
Seventy per cent of occupations are covered by over 680 apprenticeship standards.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 11MC.]
(Correction) There has been a 6% increase since this time last year in the number of under-19 starts, and overall starts are up by 3% over the same period.
The crucial thing is achievement, which is up by 22%.
Female STEM starts are up by 7.5%, starts by people with disabilities are up by 6.3%, and starts by people from ethnic minorities are up to 15.4% of starts, compared with 10.6% in 2010.
Not only are we focusing on quality over quantity; we are improving the number of starts and achievements too.
What steps she is taking to increase childcare provision.
We are removing one of the biggest barriers for working parents by vastly increasing the amount of free childcare that working families can access.
By 2027-28, we expect to spend more than £8 billion every year on free hours in early education, double what we are spending now, to help working families with their childcare costs.
My constituent Diane Bennett, who runs a small group of very popular local nurseries, tells me how appreciative she is of the Government’s plan for childcare and early education, particularly the £500 million of additional funding that has been secured.
Clearly, as she and other nursery providers look ahead, she is concerned that, although the Government have a clear plan, there is no clear plan coming from the Opposition.
Can my hon.
Friend set her mind at rest?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Last week the Chancellor announced that we will be increasing rates until the end of 2027 for early years providers, which is something they have asked for.
I cannot give my hon.
Friend any reassurance about Labour’s plan, because it has no plan.
The shadow Secretary of State says that childcare is her top priority, yet she has no plan for it.
What does that say?
Parents should be very worried about Labour getting into power, both for the childcare on which they rely and for every other area of education.
Families right across my constituency are finding it increasingly hard to access affordable childcare locally.
From speaking to two providers last week, it is clear to me that the current level and structure of free hours funding, even  with the Government’s recent announcement, is not going to go far enough to allow these providers to expand, given the capacity and staffing costs that would entail.
What reassurances can the Minister offer families in my area that, finally, the Government are going to get on top of the childcare crisis we are facing and make sure that families in my constituency will not have to go without?
We set our rates based on a survey of more than 9,000 providers, in order to get those right.
Last year we saw a 13,000 increase in the number of staff in the sector and a 15,000 increase in the number of places.
We work with every local authority to make sure that they have sufficient places, and I am confident that the hon.
Gentleman’s area will have that too.
Gloucestershire County Council cares about our childcare businesses and listens to my calls to make sure that monthly payments are going to childminders.
As we have heard, the Chancellor is putting in another slug of money—£500 million—but local childminders are telling me that things such as the proposed date of payment mean that they are still out of pocket and still cannot pay their staff.
Therefore, all the work is not being felt on the ground.
Will the Minister meet GCC and I to iron out some of these mechanical issues at local authority level, so that everybody can benefit from what the Government are doing?