I am most grateful to my right hon.
Friend for those answers.
Progress is being made, though the feedback that I am receiving is that the current maths and English functional skills requirement is an obstacle  to a wider range of employers taking on apprentices.
To remove that barrier, will my right hon.
Friend consider embedding English and maths elements into the apprenticeships standards, so that they are relevant to the job role and employers can be confident that apprentices are acquiring the skills that they need to succeed?
The Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education works closely with employers to ensure that all essential skills, including English, maths and digital, are embedded into apprenticeship standards, and it will continue to do so.
We are also increasing funding by 50% to help more apprentices achieve up to a level 2 English or maths qualification alongside their apprenticeship if they do not already hold one, to help them get on in work and in life.
As someone who started his working life with on-the-job training at International Computers Limited—a company that is now part of Fujitsu, but we will not mention that name in this House—I very much support apprenticeships, particularly at the higher and advanced level that is required for occupations in information technology.
What is the Secretary of State doing to address the worrying fall in the number of apprenticeship starts, particularly to get kids into higher and advanced level apprenticeships?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will be delighted to learn that apprenticeship starts are up by 3% so far this year.
That is because apprenticeships are backed by record investment of £2.7 billion.
Never before has a Government invested so much into high-quality apprenticeships and achieved so much in spreading opportunity across the country.
Like the questioner and the Secretary of State, I am very keen to increase the number of occupations.
Two categories have perhaps not been considered.
What discussions has she had with the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment back home to ensure opportunities for new apprenticeships in farming and fishing?
The hon.
Gentleman puts his finger on a very important point.
We work with employers in farming and fishing, and we have a number of apprenticeship standards across those industries.
We are always happy to work with any industry that sees an opportunity for more apprentices to be trained in their industry.
Order.
Before I call the second question, Mr Speaker would like me to convey to the House his apologies for his unavoidable absence from questions this afternoon as he has to attend the Commonwealth service in Westminster Abbey, which is about to start at any minute now.
What assessment her Department has made of the impact of funding decisions on maintained schools since 2010.
In 2010-11, school funding was £35 billion.
Next year, it will be £59.6 billion.
That is the highest ever level in real terms per pupil.
Recent figures show that the worst impacted schools in Luton North have endured more than £2 million of real-terms cuts since 2010.
There are school roofs with holes in, buckets scattered across corridors collecting rainwater, and entire buildings held up by scaffolding.
Those are the defining images of 14 years of Conservative Government, 14 years of budget cuts and teaching staff expected to do more with less.
We need change.
Children in Luton North deserve better.
If the Minister agrees, why will he not give children what they deserve?
On the condition of school buildings, the hon.
Lady will know that there is £1.8 billion-worth of capital for maintaining and improving school buildings.
On the broader questions about school funding, she might have been alluding—I am looking for some visual recognition—to figures put together by the National Education Union.
If so, I have to tell her that we believe those figures to be flawed in multiple respects, including in assumptions they make about the money and the number of children in schools in previous years.
I hope she will join me in celebrating the record resourcing rightly going in to educating children.