Morale among teachers and support staff is affected by their pay and working conditions, and now the teachers are being threatened with minimum service levels, which would limit their fundamental right to strike.
Surely the Minister can recognise that this course of action will lower morale further and ultimately impact the recruitment and retention of teaching staff.
Nobody is talking about taking away the right to strike.
All that we are seeking to do is balance that right, which we absolutely recognise and protect, with the right of a child to have an education.
What steps she is taking to increase the provision of special educational needs places in Essex.
I am pleased to inform the House that two new special schools opened in Essex last year, with another in the pipeline.
We have also provided £26 million of capital funding to Essex over the last two years to create more places for children with special educational needs or who require alternative provision.
Last July, standing here, I launched the campaign for a new special needs school in south Essex.
In February this year, working closely with Essex County Council, which I commend for its efforts, we were able to announce a consultation to build a brand-new special needs school in Rayleigh for 100-plus pupils—a through-school for years 3 to 18—to open in the 2025-26 academic year.
It has gone down very well locally, but the one concern is that at the moment it is 100-plus pupils and, given the great demand for places, a lot of people would prefer something nearer 200.
Is there any way, perhaps with a little help from the Department, that we might be able to achieve that too?
My right hon.
Friend is running an excellent campaign and we are impressed with the speed with which Essex has moved to consultation.
I cannot pre-empt the Department’s decision, but what we have heard so far suggests that a very strong case will be put to the Department.
We are also about to allocate the remaining £900 million of capital funding for special educational needs schools, from which Essex will of course benefit.
What progress her Department has made on ensuring that more schools achieve good and outstanding ratings by Ofsted.
Under the last Labour Government, only 68% of schools were rated good or outstanding, letting down a generation of children.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, that number now stands at nearly 90%.
In the last year alone, 214,000 more children now attend good or outstanding schools, and I am delighted that this now includes the Lord Derby Academy in Knowsley, which  I visited last week.
Our plan to give every child a world-class education is working.
Labour has no plan.
Remember that it has twice stood on a manifesto to abolish Ofsted.
It is clear that every time Labour gets into power, children’s education suffers.
Nine out of 10 of the schools in my constituency are good or outstanding, reflecting this Government’s commitment to high standards and the incredible hard work of the staff and the school leadership, but special schools have struggled to achieve the same in my constituency.
How is my right hon.
Friend helping them to get to where we want them to be, where they can all be good or outstanding?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that Basingstoke’s schools have been transformed over the past decade, up from just 52% rated good or outstanding under Labour.
We have recently brought in two of our strongest specialist multi-academy trusts to drive improvement in special schools.
Solent Academies Trust is now responsible for Dove House School, and Chiltern Way Academy Trust will shortly be taking over three local underperforming special and alternative provision schools, two of which will receive significant capital investment from the Department to support the education of vulnerable children.
What assessment she has made of trends in the number of level 2 and 3 apprenticeship starts since the apprenticeship levy was introduced.
Sixty-five per cent of all apprenticeship starts so far this year have been at levels 2 and 3, with level 3 remaining the most popular level, accounting for 43% of all starts.
Over 360 apprenticeship standards are at levels 2 and 3, covering more than half of all apprenticeships.
I can understand why the Minister does not refer to the trends, because he knows that level 2 apprenticeships are way down.
The Government’s reforms have seen level 2 apprenticeship starts fall by two thirds since 2012-13, and the number of people employed on an apprenticeship with a small and medium-sized enterprise has fallen by 49% since the levy’s introduction.
The Minister talks powerfully about apprenticeships, but why does he think that young people are now half as likely to be on an SME apprenticeship than they were when the levy was introduced?
I hugely respect the hon.
Gentleman.
I know he is a bruiser, but I had been looking forward to his question.
I thought he would celebrate the 13,000 apprentices in Chesterfield since May 2010, the 11,270 apprentices at levels 2 and 3, or the £19.5 million investment in Chesterfield College.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 11MC.]
(Correction)
If I were him, I would be urging his party to stop its plan to destroy the apprenticeship levy, which would halve the number of apprenticeship starts overall.
It would be back to square one.