Last year the National Audit Office reported that 700,000 children were being taught in schools needing major rebuilding works.
On top of the problems caused by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, construction issues are emerging daily with block and beam flooring, high-alumina cement and asbestos—all long past their shelf life—up in North Tyneside and down to Luton and beyond.
Fourteen years of Conservative Governments have left children learning under props and in portacabins and sheds.
Given that this Government’s plan seems to be to leave it for the next Labour Government to sort out those problems, can the Minister at least inform us of the latest estimate of the total school repairs bill?
Keeping our school estates in the right condition for optimally educating children is of the foremost importance.
Since 2015 we have allocated £15 billion to keeping schools safe and operational.
I pay tribute to everyone who has been involved in the most recent RAAC issue, including the schools and pupils who dealt with it and my colleagues who helped to ensure that we reached this point.
All schools have been told what will happen next: either they will receive a remediation grant, or they will be part of the school rebuilding programme.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
Our SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, published last March, includes the development of new national standards to improve provision in mainstream settings for children with special educational needs.
As for children requiring special school places, last week we announced funding for an additional wave of 15 special free schools, which comes on top of the 108 that we have opened since 2010 and the 77 whose opening has been approved.
I visit schools in my constituency virtually every week, and I see more and more of them struggling financially, and in terms of staff, with the number of SEND pupils.
Moreover, too many staff  members are having to go out and fetch children to bring them to school in the mornings, and needing to have social workers based in their schools.
This is not about individual schools; it is a systemic problem.
What are the Government doing about it?
In Cambridgeshire, there has been a 27% increase in funding per head for special educational needs since 2021-22 and a special free school is in the pipeline, along with two local authority special competition free schools.
Cambridgeshire is also part of our safety valve programme, which helps authorities to run a sustainable special educational needs system.
I wonder whether my hon.
Friend might be able to help my constituent Ella Wakley, who is disabled and travels to her college on the bus, but her blue badge does not allow free transport for her and her assistant until 9.30 am, which is a little late for the start of the school day.
I do not know the specifics of the case that my hon.
Friend raises, but if she writes to me, I will happily look at it.