Academic independence is central to a functioning democracy, so in light of the false accusations levelled at an academic on the board of UK Research and Innovation by the Secretary of State’s colleague, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, and her subsequent apology, what action is the Secretary of State taking to assure academics that they remain free to make legitimate comments on issues of concern?
Of course, academic independence and the ability to speak freely are very important—they are things that we hold dear, and that we must protect at all costs within our universities and academic institutions.
That is why we passed the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, and it is why there is a free speech director in the Office for Students, who has taken up that post and will work to ensure we do whatever we can to protect those things in our country.
I have four grammar schools in my constituency, which provide an important and very popular element of a diverse education system.
Therefore, will the Minister please commit today to continue her support of grammar schools, both now and in the future?
I support all great schools in our diverse school system, including strong grammar schools.
I continue to encourage grammar schools to increase access for disadvantaged pupils, which can help so much with social mobility.
Acre Rigg Infant School in Peterlee was given a 25-year life expectancy when it was built in 1950.
It has asbestos in every wall and a metal structure made from recycled world war two aircraft.
Seaham Trinity Primary School has lifting floors, rising damp, black mould caused by a faulty roof, leaking pipes and poor screeding.
It is a £5.3 million school that was built in 2008 by Surgo.
Can the Schools Minister explain to parents how their children are supposed to flourish and prosper in such an inadequate educational environment?
In the 2021 spending review, we committed £19 billion for school capital over the three years.
I do not know offhand the specifics of the schools that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned, but I would of course be very happy to meet him to hear further details.
I recently held my third annual skills and apprenticeships fair at the iconic Pioneer House Kirklees College building in Dewsbury.
Will my right hon.
Friend visit the college and meet some of the apprentices, employers and college staff who helped make that event a great success?
I would be absolutely delighted to visit Kirklees College, and I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his apprenticeship fair.
I note that the college has a great record on apprenticeship achievements, and that 970 apprentices have started their future.
Overall at Kirklees since 2010, there have been something like 12,300 apprenticeship starts in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
An estimated 6,000 children in England are attending illegal or unregistered schools that provide limited or no appropriate education, often in an unsafe environment.
Does the Minister agree that while efforts to introduce a home education register to keep track of children who are outside a school setting are welcome, more legislation is needed to close the loopholes exploited by proprietors of illegal schools and ensure that children are kept safe and educated appropriately?
The hon.
Gentleman will, of course, know of our plans and our support for the private Member’s Bill on that subject.
He and I used to serve together on the Education Committee back in the day; these are issues that have been long standing, including under previous Governments.
From the schools White Paper, he will also know of the other things we have committed to do when legislative time allows.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting Berrynarbor primary school, where I discussed the challenges that rurality imposes on that school and how hard its staff have worked to overcome those challenges.
What steps is the Department taking to support rural primary schools, which often have a vast catchment area and difficult buildings?
I recognise what my hon.
Friend says about rurality.
Of course, the lump sum element in the funding formula is important for small schools.
We have more than doubled the national funding formula sparsity funding in three years, with £6.5 million for Devon in 2024-25.
We are also investing to improve the condition of school buildings, and Devon County Council received an annual capital allocation of £3.5 million this year.
Ministers will be aware that four schools in North Tyneside closed just over a month ago because of a structural problem not related to RAAC.
The 1,700 pupils have been relocated, thanks to the council and to the schools working together.
Can the Minister assure me that funding will be made available either to rebuild or to restructure the schools as soon as it is needed?
Yes, and I am aware that the hon.
Lady has met my noble Friend Baroness Barran.
Inspections by structural engineers are ongoing, as I think the hon.
Lady will know, but the early indications are that this was a historical and isolated issue about the way the school was built.
We continue to work with the local authority and with the school, and I would of course be happy—if appropriate, and if it would help—to meet her in due course.
About 10 years ago, following the Government’s reforms, the number of adoptions in England doubled, but 10 years on, they have halved.
Why?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
We are taking a number of actions to increase the number of people who adopt and foster, and to support kinship care as well, but I would be happy to discuss this matter with him further.
Many of the children with special educational needs, mental health challenges and childhood trauma who are not in school in York are not able to access their education because of insufficient estate and placements, and because of the environment and specialist personnel.
What are  the Government doing to ensure that every area has a workforce plan and an estates plan, and the funding to match?
Through our special educational needs and disabilities and alternative provision improvement plan we are taking a whole range of actions.
That has included increasing the number of special school places by more than 60,000 since this Government came to power, as well as training a lot more special educational needs co-ordinators.
Headteachers in Denbighshire, Flintshire and Conwy have recently written to all parents about the dire financial situation facing their schools.
My understanding is that schools in England are receiving the highest funding ever per pupil in real terms.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that and outline what discussions he has had with the Welsh Government to ensure schools in Wales also see the benefit of that funding?
I regret that, as education is a devolved matter, the Labour party is in charge of education in Wales.
It really saddens me to hear of children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency suffering from its mismanagement of that system, despite the great work of brilliant and inspiring teachers in Wales.
He is absolutely right that in England, under this Government, funding is at a record level.
Meanwhile, in Wales, I am sad to say that education standards are not only the lowest in the UK, but lower than the OECD average.
I am afraid it is clear that every time Labour gets into power, children’s education suffers.