Mr. CRANK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the courageous, convictional, and influential leadership.
James Dobson, who passed into eternity on August 21, 2025, at the age of 89.
``The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith,'' wrote Dr. Billy Graham.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Graham's friend and Focus on the Family founder, Dr. James Dobson, did just that.
As a trusted advocate for faith, family, and biblical values, Dr. Dobson's legacy is unmatched, and his life's work continues to shape our nation.
We were honored that he chose Colorado Springs, Colorado as his home and base of operations for Focus on the Family.
Dr. James Dobson founded Focus on the Family in 1977 with the conviction that America's failing families needed to return to Biblical principles.
A licensed marriage, family and child counselor in both California and Colorado, Dr. Dobson authored more than 30 books, including the popular best-sellers Dare to Discipline, Love Must Be Tough, and Bringing Up Boys.
Although he eventually became associate clinical professor of pediatrics at the USC School of Medicine, Dr. Dobson's attention ultimately turned to addressing the breakdown of the traditional family unit.
His concern led him to leave USC and in 1977 open a small, two-room office he called Focus on the Family.
That small ministry grew to become a global multimedia nonprofit that reaches about 18 million people in more than 98 countries, thanks in part to its Radio Hall of Fame-winning flagship program, thirteen international offices and many radio, video, digital and print resources.
His wide reach through his numerous books and daily radio broadcast became the national voice of conservative, moral, and Biblical values in the public square.
Dr. Dobson was a once-in-a-generation leader whose courage to speak truth shaped the course of American family life.
He inspired and truly created a grass-roots movement to defend life, Biblical marriage, and religious freedom throughout America and around the world.
Dr. Dobson not only built organizations like Focus on the Family and the Family Policy Alliance, but he also built-up people of faith to stand boldly for biblical values in a culture that increasingly opposes and demeans them.
With unwavering conviction, he championed the sanctity of marriage, the dignity of life, and the importance of parental rights, principles woven into the DNA of our movement.
My friend and current Focus on the Family President Jim Daly may have summarized it best in saying, ``Millions of marriages were saved and strengthened, millions of parents were able to raise happier, healthier children, and millions of men and women were equipped and encouraged to stand boldly for their faith in the public square because Dr. Dobson answered God's call to create Focus on the Family.''
I am grateful for his decades of courage and leadership to the Pikes Peak region, the country and the world.
His belief in the power of civic engagement and cultural renewal still inspires many.
Dr. Dobson emphasized the responsibility of believers to be ``salt and light'' in society, and we must take that charge seriously.
I know I speak on behalf of many of my colleagues in this chamber that Dr. Dobson continues to inspire us to and his legacy has entrusted us to: advancing biblical values through civic engagement, calling on believers to pray, vote, and engage for a nation where God is honored, religious freedom flourishes, families thrive, and life is cherished.
Our thoughts and prayers are with Dr. Dobson's family, especially his college sweetheart and lifelong partner Shirley; his two adult children, Danae and Ryan; and his two grandchildren during this time of loss and the celebration of his life.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking the Lord for his life and impact in our country and the world.