Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the well-deserved retirement of William W. ``Bill'' Crow.
Born and raised in Morganfield, Kentucky, Bill Crow graduated in 1980 from the United States Naval Academy earning a Bachelor of Science degree and a commission as Ensign in the United States Navy.
He also holds a Master of Science degree from the National Defense University Industrial College of the Armed Forces.
His Navy career included at sea assignments of various division officer billets and Chief Engineer in USS PHARRIS (FF-1094), Assistant Operations Officer of Commander Destroyer Squadron 26, an extended department head tour as Chief Engineer in USS BRISCOE (DD-977), Material Officer for Commander Destroyer Squadrons 10 and 2, Executive Officer of USS Peterson (DD-969), Commanding Officer of USS Austin (LPD-4), and Training and Readiness Assistant Chief of Staff for Commander Amphibious Group Two.
Ashore, he served as a steam engineering instructor, Surface Warfare Programs Officer for COMNAVSURFLANT, Chief Staff Officer to the Commandant, Naval District Washington, and Executive Officer of Naval Station Norfolk, the world's largest naval base.
After retirement from the Navy in July of 2010, he transitioned into the private business sector as a Senior Naval Consultant for McKean Defense Group.
He assumed his current duties as President of the Virginia Ship Repair Association on September 18, 2012.
Bill is married to the former Jeanne Boucher of Chesapeake, Virginia.
They reside in the Great Bridge community in Chesapeake, Virginia and are the proud parents of four children; John, Karen, Sara and Kevin.
I have had the honor and privilege of working with Bill in a professional and a personal capacity and can attest he is a generous and dedicated man.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Bill Crow for his unyielding dedication to protecting our Nation to the best of his abilities.
I wish him all the best in his well-earned retirement and pray for his continued health and happiness in whatever adventures come his way.