Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative Aide, Caroline Kenney, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
Caroline is a Minnesota native, hailing from the great city of Minneapolis.
Upon graduating from DeLaSalle High School, she followed her ambition to Washington, DC, where she attended George Washington University.
In 2022, she graduated Cum Laude with a bachelor's degree in political science.
Starting in my office as an intern in her senior year of college, Caroline quickly stood out as an invaluable asset to the team.
She envelopes and promotes Radical Hospitality, which made hiring her as Staff Assistant an easy choice.
As a self-proclaimed animal lover, she took it upon herself to write a letter to the Smithsonian Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute about the future of the Giant Panda Program when its future was still an open question.
This year Caroline was promoted to Legislative Aide, a position in which she has thrived, introducing multiple pieces of priority legislation including the Voter Choice Act and the Porch Pirates Act.
She proudly embodies the Minnesota spirit and greets all who come to meet with her with warmth and a friendly smile.
Staff and constituents alike know that Caroline is here for all the right reasons and is a tireless advocate for those without a platform.
She's a pleasure to work with and our senior staff members certainly appreciated her keeping them updated on all the latest memes and pop culture trends.
As an avid watcher of The West Wing, Caroline reflects that same good faith and passion in everything she does.
Watching her grow from an intern to an accomplished legislative staffer has been an absolute joy.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I wish Caroline all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for two years of faithful service to this Nation--and many more to come.