Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired, tenacious, and self-motivated U.S. Army veteran, Sgt.
Garnett T. Franklin.
Sgt.
Franklin enjoyed a long career in serving and teaching.
Garnett T. Franklin was born and raised in Mound Bayou, Mississippi.
He graduated from JFK High School in Mound Bayou in 1969.
After high school, he enlisted in the Army, dedicated over two decades to serving in the U.S. Army Active Duty as a construction engineer.
His military service offered many opportunities to serve at various Army bases and stations, such as Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Fort Campbell, Kentucky, Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, and Fort Benning, Georgia for Jump School.
He also traveled to Japan, Korea, Belvoir, Germany, and participated in the Return of Forces to Europe.
He retired at Fort Benning, Georgia in 1993.
After retiring, he relocated back to Mississippi and began teaching JROTC in Jackson Public Schools, Jackson, Mississippi, which included Murrah High and Lanier High School.
Later, he returned to Belgium to join his family and worked with the Department of Defense in Washington State for 17 years as a fitness specialist at MWR.
Upon returning home to Mound Bayou, Mississippi, he spends his time volunteering in the community and surrounding areas.
He also volunteers with a male group of concerned citizens known as the Development Committee.
This group started by cleaning up the grounds of a longstanding local service station, cutting grass, pulling vines, and refurbishing an old neighborhood house.
They also maintain the facility building and the Taborian Hospital grounds.
Now known as the unofficial ``beautification committee,'' this volunteer group takes pride in completing various projects around the city.
As the holiday season approaches, they are preparing by putting up lights and decorations in the Milburn Crow Memorial Park and on the grounds of the Taborian Hospital for the entire city to visit and enjoy.
Volunteering in his hometown allows him to give back to the community and enjoy the pleasures of retired life.
Sgt.
Franklin firmly believes that the military offers valuable pathways to personal and professional growth.
His life's path has shown that the military is a great career starter.