Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent, Erin Dailey, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Although she was born in Wisconsin, Erin was raised in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
After graduating from Armstrong High School, she attended Wesleyan University, where she played varsity soccer and received her degree in Government with a minor in Economics in 2023.
Her experience studying abroad in Amman, Jordan, cemented her goal to move to Washington, D.C. after graduation and work in the public sector.
After interning for my office in the fall of 2023, she returned full time as my Staff Assistant in February of 2024.
Being a constituent herself, Erin has been a natural at making visitors to our office feel right at home when they walk through the front door.
From organizing Donuts with Dean to assisting with D.C. tours, Erin has been a critical part of my mission.
Her recent promotion to Staff Assistant/Legislative Correspondent was an easy decision, as she has always been happy to handle constituent communications, even during the most challenging times in our office.
Erin has been an amazing Staff Assistant that always keeps the trains running on time.
She is full of life, vitality and positive energy.
She is always looking to help the team and constituents make the best of their time in D.C.
She practices the ethos of Radical Hospitality regularly to whoever she may meet.
She always is learning and growing to broaden and develop her skill set even more.
Hiring Erin was one of the best decisions we've made.
As our final D.C. Staff Assistant, she is proof that sometimes the best is saved for last.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I wish Erin all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for her year of faithful service to this Nation.