Mrs. FOUSHEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of The Beta Phi Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. for their outstanding service, leadership, and brotherhood.
Since its chartering in 1924, the Beta Phi Chapter has been a beacon of excellence, making significant contributions to NCCU and the Durham community by upholding the high standards of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.
Over the past century, the Beta Phi Chapter has achieved numerous milestones and accolades, demonstrating unwavering commitment to the fraternity's cardinal principles of Manhood, Scholarship, Perseverance, and Uplift.
The chapter has been instrumental in fostering academic excellence, providing scholarships to deserving students, and supporting various educational initiatives.
In addition to its support and countless contributions to NCCU, the Beta Phi Chapter has been a pillar of community service.
Members have dedicated countless hours mentoring youth, organizing health and wellness programs, and participating in civic engagement activities.
The chapter's efforts have positively impacted countless lives, reinforcing the fraternity's mission to uplift the community.
There are many buildings and structures named after Omega men on campus and in Durham to include: Buildings On NCCU Campus Named in Honor of Omega Men: Farrison-Newton Communications Building (William E. Farrison); H.M. Michaux Jr. School of Education Building (Henry McKinley ``Mickey'' Michaux); Dr. LeRoy T. Walker Physical Education Complex (Dr. LeRoy T. Walker Sr.); McLendonMcDougald Arena (John B. McLendon); W.G. Pearson Dining Hall (William Gaston Pearson); William Jones Building (J. William Jones); A. Leon Stanback Jr. Legal Clinic Conference Room in Turner Law Building (A. Leon Stanback Jr.).
Buildings in Durham Named in Honor of Omega Men: William Daniel (W.D.) Hill Recreation Community Center; Rencher Nicholas Harris Elementary School; Charles Clinton Spaulding Elementary School; Lucas Middle School (John Harding Lucas, Sr., and House 
Senator Jennie Lucas); John H. Wheeler Federal Courthouse; Lowell Siler Administration Building II Lobby; Carl Dubois Hodges, Sr. Durham County Cooperative Extension; Samuel DuBois Cook Center on Social Equity (Duke University); Dr. J. Randaldo Lawson Community Bench at Hillandale Golf Course; McDougald Terrace, Durham, North Carolina (Richard L. McDougald); A. Leon Stanback, Sr. Middle School, Hillsborough, North Carolina.
As we celebrate this momentous occasion, we reflect on the rich history and legacy of the Beta Phi Chapter.
We honor the trailblazers who laid the foundation for our success and the current members who continue to uphold the fraternity's values with pride and dedication.
On behalf of North Carolina Central University, we proudly recognize the Beta Phi Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity as our Centennial Partner.