Mr. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, the American people extend their congratulations to President-Elect Nicusor Dan on decisively winning the runoff election, as an independent, to become the President of Romania held on May 18, 2025.
The President-elect's political career as the leader of the Save Romania Union (USR) party began in 2016, during his service in the Romanian Chamber of Deputies, then in 2020, went on to become the Mayor His strong priorities of strengthening cooperation with the United States and the European Union demonstrates his suitability to be the right leader for the people.
I have a personal appreciation for Romania with visits since 1997 where Cluj-Napoca was adopted as sister city of Columbia, South Carolina.
I have visited numerous parts facilities enduring the warm friendship of Americans for Romanians.
There is a deep appreciation for President-Elect Dan and his commitment to promoting both academic and civil engagement in Romania, which dates back to his co-founding of the Scoala Normala Superioara Bucuresti, in 2001, modeled after the French Ecole Normale Superieure.
Aiming to cultivate academic excellence in Romania, his commitment to furthering academic excellence in Romania, combined with his efforts to eliminate corruption and encourage fiscal reform nationwide, cements the strong policy foundation he will take with him as he enters office.
My appreciation for the people of Romania is personal as I have seen firsthand how they have flourished since being liberated from the tyranny of the failed Soviet empire.
As war criminal Putin attempts to rebuild the former Soviet Empire, I am grateful that Romania has taken a stand against them, siding with the democratic Rule of Law, which will always triumph over the authoritarian Rule.
We cannot allow war criminal Putin to rebuild the failed former Soviet empire and nations like Romania will help us maintain Peace Through Strength across Europe and the rest of the world.
This election is a powerful testament to democratic resilience in the face of neighboring warfare and criminal electoral manipulation.
Romania continues to be a strong local supporter of the people of Ukraine in their struggle against the illegal invasion of woke war criminal Putin.
I am eager for the United States to work with President-Elect Dan.
In November of last year, Romania almost fell into the Russian sphere of influence, again, as the Kremlin instructed domestic actors to influence the first round of elections, which would have led to the rise of the Anti-American far-right.
Thankfully, the Constitutional Court of Romania upheld the Rule of Law and ordered the election to be held once more with more integrity safeguards to be put into place.
I commend the Court for ensuring that malign foreign influence, particularly from Russia, does