From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FLAGS FOR HEROES IN ORANGE PARK, FLORIDA

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, when I was a boy, I thought that

heroes were imaginary characters who wore capes or masks that hide

their secret identity.
As I grew older, I came to realize that there

are heroes around us every day: police, firefighters, first responders,

and of course, our men and women who serve in the armed forces.
Twenty-three years ago today, when our Nation and this city were

attacked by pure evil, the world saw that America is made of heroes,

The world watched as we came together to search, rescue, pray and

grieve together.
Heroes by trade and heroes by choice answered the call

across the land.
That's why today, in the town of Orange Park in the free state of

Florida, you will see hundreds of Star-Spangled Banners flying to

recognize the heroes who protect us every day.
Flags for Heroes is not just an event, it's a movement.
The Rotary

Club of Orange Park Sunrise, led by President Duane Mallicoat, has put

together this incredible display to honor men and women who know the

true meaning of being a hero.
Each of these flags is individually dedicated to a hero who has

personally touched the life of someone in our community.
Today, as we remember one of the great tragedies in American history,

I encourage my colleagues to honor the heroes who protected us then and

protect us still today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STEVE MASSINI ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Steve Massini,

who is retiring as Chief Executive Officer of Penn State Health, a

position he has served in since 2019.
Mr. Massini first joined Penn State Health in 2015 as chief financial

officer for Milton S. Hershey Medical Center before being promoted to

executive vice president, chief financial officer, and chief

administrative officer for Penn State Health.
Throughout his tenure at Penn State Health, the system has grown

significantly, 11 developed strategic partnerships, and made

investments in expanding the system's reach across South Central

Pennsylvania.
These investments included the development of a hospital

in Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional District, the Lancaster Medical

Center, which opened in October 2022.
I appreciated the opportunity to

visit this and other Penn State Health facilities in our district to

learn about the great work they are doing to serve patients.
I have appreciated Mr. Massini's feedback and perspective on federal

policies and the impact they have on residents of Pennsylvania's 11th

Congressional District.
Mr. Speaker, I wish Steve the best in all his future endeavors and

thank him for all he has done to make a positive impact in our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DECORATED CAREER AND BIRTHDAY OF JACKSONVILLE CITY

COUNCIL PRESIDENT RANDY WHITE

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, whether something's ablaze in your

house or there's a hot button issue in Jacksonville, there's one man

you can depend on to put out the fire.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jacksonville's City Council

President, Randy White for 70 stellar years on this planet Earth.
A

lifelong public servant, Councilman White embodies the spirit of

Northeast Florida.
Councilman White is a family man with two children

and 5 grandchildren.
However, his 32-year career with the Jacksonville

Fire and Rescue Department shows that he views the entirety of

Jacksonville as his family.
After three decades of putting out fires and rescuing cats from

trees, one might think that Councilman White would be tired.
But no.
Instead, he championed the growth of Cecil Field and public safety in

Jacksonville.
I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Councilman Randy

White for his decades of public service.