He is survived by his

devoted wife, Marjorie L. Parmelee, and his children: Mary Amigone-

Jennings, Anthony P. Amigone, Jr., Vincent J. Amigone, Sr.,
and

Danielle Marie Amigone.
He also leaves behind a large extended family

of grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Mr. Amigone was educated at the University of Buffalo, the Simmons

Institute of Mortuary Science, and several local schools, including

Kensington High School and Canisius High School.
As the chairman of

Amigone Funeral Home, Inc., a family business established in 1926, he

became a licensed funeral director in New York in 1953 and later in

Pennsylvania in 1976.
Under his leadership, the company expanded

significantly, growing from its original location to 13 branches across

Western New York.
His innovative vision led to the creation of the

city's first modern funeral home, as well as the distinctive ``Amigone

Blue'' fleet, a signature mark of the business.
Throughout his career, Mr. Amigone served his community and

established himself as a preeminent figure in his industry, Among

several other posts, Mr. Amigone served as President of the National

Association of Approved Morticians, the President of the New York State

Funeral Directors Association, and the District Governor of the

National Funeral Directors Association.
In addition to his professional accomplishments, Mr. Amigone served

in the U.S. Army during the Korean War and was stationed in the Far

East as part of the Graves Registration Unit.
He also briefly worked

for Mitsubishi Chemical in Japan and had the honor of being received by

the Emperor of Japan.
In 1955, he was instrumental in modernizing

funeral practices in Hong Kong.
A devout Catholic, Mr. Amigone had the rare privilege of a private

audience with Pope John XXIII in 1958.
He was also a dedicated

community leader, honored as Buffalonian of the Year in 1987, and

active in numerous civic and professional organizations, including the

Rotary Club, Knights of Columbus, and several chambers of commerce.
A

man of many interests, Mr. Amigone was a passionate reader with a love

for Shakespeare and enjoyed boating as well as playing the piano,

particularly the song ``Deep Purple.''
Today, we honor Anthony P. Amigone, Sr.
and we commemorate his

unwavering commitment to Western New York.
Mr. Amigone's legacy endures

through his loving family, the continued success of his family

business, and the profound impact he made on the Buffalo community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATIONS TO THE ZUNI OLLA MAIDENS

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Zuni Olla

Maidens for the critical role they play in Zuni culture, establishing

themselves as ambassadors for all Pueblo communities and proving that

traditions are not only necessary for the soul but all future

generations.
The Zuni Olla Maidens perform a delicate dance that includes jars or

ollas balanced on top of their heads.
It is breathtaking to watch.
For

this beautiful dance, they have been rightfully honored as 2024

National Endowment for the Arts National Heritage Fellows.
The dance brings together the beauty of the music together with

colors and jewelry and clothing to bring beauty to our world.
There is

a power in this ceremony that flows before the singing, the drums and

the rattles.
The Zuni songs remind us how small we are in this world

and that we need to remember the origins and culture of our people and

our homes.
I am honored to recognize the significance of these matriarchs.
Where

there are powerful women, there are powerful families and communities.
Let the traditions of the Zuni people ring forever in the halls of

Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AMY BEGAYE, MISS NAVAJO NATION

HON.
ELIJAH CRANE

Mr. CRANE.
Mr. Speaker, last week, contestants competed in the 72nd

Annual Miss Navajo Nation Pageant in my district.