But no.
Instead, he championed the growth of Cecil Field and public safety in

Jacksonville.
I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Councilman Randy

White for his decades of public service.
Jacksonville is truly a much

better place because of Councilman White.
Happy Birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily

Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of

Remarks section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of

each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 12, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 17

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lieutenant

General Randall Reed, USAF, to be general and

Commander, United States Transportation Command, and

Lieutenant General Xavier T. Brunson, USA, to be

general and Commander, United Nations Command/Combined

Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, both of the

Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine lowering health care costs

for Americans, focusing on the Inflation Reduction Act.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the national security risks

appointees, focusing on ensuring a trustworthy

government.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine stemming the tide of hate

crimes in America.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine AI, focusing on

insiders' perspectives.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer

Protection

To hold hearings to examine risks and harm in the private

student lending and servicing market.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 18

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine aviation cybersecurity

threats.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine America's regional

commissions, focusing on sharing best practices in

regional and economic development.