Wolfgang Kyle Weninger

Post Office Building'', H.R. 5712, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

220 Fremont Street in Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper

Trevor J. Casper Post Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 517 Seagaze Drive in Oceanside,

California, as the ``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post

Office Building'', H.R. 6073, to designate the facility

of the United States Postal Service located at 9925

Bustleton Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the

``Sergeant Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office

Building'', H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the

United States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd

Street in Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth

E. Murphy Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 333 West Broadway in Anaheim,

California, as the ``Dr. William I. `Bill' Kott Post

Office Building'', H.R. 7199, to designate the facility

S74w16860 Janesville Road, in Muskego, Wisconsin, as

the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg Post Office'', H.R.

7423, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 103 Benedette Street in

Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke Letlow Post Office

Building'', and the nominations of Sherri Malloy

Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin Camille Johnston,

Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong Truong, each to be an

Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District

of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of South Dakota, and Ashley

Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North Carolina, both to be a

Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission, and

Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez, and Joseph Russell Palmore,

both to be an Associate Judge of the District of

Columbia Court of Appeals.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Patrice H.

Kunesh, of Minnesota, to be Chairman of the National

Indian Gaming Commission.
2 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

Subcommittee on Food and Nutrition, Specialty Crops,

Organics, and Research

To hold hearings to examine keeping kids learning in the

National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast

Program.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine the macroeconomic impacts of

potential tax reform in 2025.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Russia's imperial identity.
2358-C-RHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine streamlining and coordinating

support for rural small businesses.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to elections

in 2024, focusing on roles and responsibilities of U.S.

tech providers.
3 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine current and future VA budget

challenges, focusing on providing for veterans.
SEPTEMBER 19

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine fusion energy technology

development and commercialization efforts.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SEPTEMBER 2023 CONSTITUENT OF THE MONTH

HON.
MIKE LEVIN

Mr. LEVIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to recognize community

leader and Solana Beach resident Lisa Montes as my September 2023

Constituent of the Month.
Lisa is a descendent of the original Mexican families of La Colonia

de Eden Gardens, and she has a passion for giving back to her community

that was instilled in her by her ancestors.
I know she is making them

proud today.
Lisa devotes her time and effort to numerous

local organizations dedicated to serving and empowering Latino and

Latina students and the community at-large.
During Hispanic Heritage Month, I am thrilled to recognize the

efforts of leaders, like Lisa, whose service to others strengthens our

unique and diverse community.