His academic journey would not have been as successful if not for the

unwavering support of his family.
Their encouragement and support have

been instrumental in shaping Wynn into the dedicated and accomplished

leader he is today.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in

extending our deepest congratulations and best wishes to Wynn Jacobson-

Galan as he embarks on this new chapter of his life.
His academic

contributions will forever resonate within the halls of the

institutions he attended, and in the hearts of those who have had the

privilege of working alongside him.
We hope he continues to advance our

understanding of the universe and we wish him the best of luck in this

next chapter of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
AYANNA PRESSLEY

Ms. PRESSLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to physically record my vote

on H. Res.
1215.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
233.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PROYOUTH

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ProYouth

organization on their 30-year anniversary and to thank them for their

significant contributions to the Central Valley.
In 1991, a dedicated

group of volunteers from Visalia came together to establish Visalians

for a Gang Free Community, aiming to address the challenges faced by

children affected by gang violence in the Tulare community.
Three years

later, the organization attained non-profit status and became known as

ProYouth.
In 1998, ProYouth established their inaugural program,

HEART--Health, Enrichment, Academics--to increase access to after

school opportunities for students.
For more than 30 years, ProYouth has

remained committed to its mission to protect all children from gang

violence through after school programs and other essential initiatives.
Today, ProYouth serves nearly 20,000 students annually across 60

schools in the Central Valley.
In addition to their educational grant-

and contract-based programs, ProYouth's dedicated staff and volunteers

also provide meals to students.
Just this year alone, ProYouth is

expected to serve one million meals to its program's attendees.
Through

their wide range of programs and initiatives, ProYouth develops

students' academic, social, and emotional skills, equipping them with

the foundation they need to succeed in their futures.
During the COVID-

19 pandemic, ProYouth was essential in helping Central Valley families

who were impacted by school closures and the transition to remote-

learning.
ProYouth established a program to provide support and an in-

person learning environment for affected students.
For more than three

decades, ProYouth has helped not only support our Central Valley

students, but they have given them the tools to succeed in life.
Their

work to enrich the lives of these students will be felt for generations

to come.
Mr Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join me in celebrating ProYouth on their 30-year

anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Friday, June 7, 2024 may be found in the Daily

Digest of today's Record.