I am honored to represent

the Prince William community and am proud of the work they do to keep

our history alive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CATHY MARCUCCI

HON.
GRACE F. NAPOLITANO

Mrs. NAPOLITANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to

honor the life of Catherine ``Cathy'' Marcucci, who proudly served the

City of Industry as Mayor Pro Tem until her passing on April 26 at the

age of 60, after a hard-fought, three-year battle against aggressive

anaplastic thyroid cancer.
Cathy was a beloved wife, mother, daughter, and sister, and a dear

friend to many.
A lifelong resident of Southern California, Cathy began

her civic career in 2017 as a member of the City of Industry city

council, where she served continuously, stepping into the role of Mayor

Pro Tem in 2019.
Always eager to be involved in meetings with my staff

and me, she was very gracious to all and never wavered from her

commitment to assist her constituents.
Throughout her tenure, Cathy demonstrated exemplary leadership,

fostering collaboration and championing causes that uplifted the lives

of people and furry companions alike.
An avid animal lover, Cathy

spearheaded efforts to establish the first no-kill animal rescue in the

San Gabriel Valley.
Cathy is survived by her husband Steve Marcucci; daughter Lauren

Eigel and son-in-law, Pete; parents, Larry and Etta Colson; brother and

sister, Tim Colson and Chrissy Lowe, and their families; and countless

dear friends.
She is also survived by her rambunctious four dogs and

two cats, all equally beloved and in no particular order: Nemo, Lola,

Rosie, Louee, Lucy, and Laci.
I extend my deepest sympathies to the family, colleagues, friends,

and constituents of Cathy Marcucci, and I urge all my colleagues to

join me in recognizing her life and public service.
She will be solely

missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WYNN JACOBSON-GALAN

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wynn Jacobson-

Galan, a PhD graduate in Astrophysics of the University of California,

Berkeley for exemplifying leadership in physics education and service

to California's and the nation's scientific community.
Wynn is a great example of the strength and health of the University

of California system to create tomorrow's future leaders of science.
A

graduate of Malibu High School and proud California resident, Wynn

Jacobson-Galan began his undergraduate career in the community college

system, before transferring to the University of California Santa Cruz.
He then attended graduate school at the University of California

Berkeley.
Wynn dedicated his studies to furthering understanding the

history of our solar system, and how it may shape our planet's future.
At the University of California, Santa Cruz, he conducted research on

thermonuclear transients of all varieties under the guidance of

Professor Ryan Foley.
At UC Berkeley, he conducted research under the

mentorship of Professor Rafaella Margutti, studying the final moments

of a star's life before death.
Wynn is graduating as a National Science Foundation Graduate Research

Fellow at UC Berkeley, working on supernova progenitor systems and

transient astronomy.
This research involved combining multi-wavelength

observations of a variety of supernova types to create a complete

picture of the final stages of stellar instability and mass loss before

explosion.
Following his graduation, Wynn will be conducting research

at the California Institute of Technology.
His academic journey would not have been as successful if not for the

unwavering support of his family.
Their encouragement and support have

been instrumental in shaping Wynn into the dedicated and accomplished

leader he is today.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in

extending our deepest congratulations and best wishes to Wynn Jacobson-

Galan as he embarks on this new chapter of his life.