Title: CELEBRATING GREEN TOWNSHIP'S 200TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
96

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GREEN TOWNSHIP'S 200TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and

congratulate Green Township on their 200th anniversary.
I am extremely

grateful to be able to be here today and celebrate this incredible

milestone.
Over the past 200 years, Green Township has shown itself to

be a lively area with a strong community.
In 1824, Green Township

emerged from the northern parts of Hardwick and Independence townships.
Over the decades, Green Township has gone through significant changes,

including expansions, the incorporation of Fredon Township, and the

rise of vibrant communities like Tranquility and Greendell.
As we

reflect on its history, we can use the past two centuries as reminders

of the resilience and changes our community has gone through, and the

future that is to come.
I am honored to have such an amazing township

in the 7th Congressional District, and I look forward to what is to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OAK KNOLL SCHOOL OF THE HOLY CROSS' 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to the Oak Knoll School of the Holy Cross on

their 100th anniversary.
I am truly grateful to be celebrating this

monumental milestone with you all.
The Oak Knoll School of the Holy

Cross was founded by the Society of the Holy Child Jesus and has been

at the forefront of empowering students not only academically but also

in personal growth and social responsibility.
Over the past 100 years,

Oak Knoll has fostered a welcoming diverse student body of inquisitive

students who think critically, embrace knowledge, respond with moral

and ethical integrity, and make responsible choices that enrich their

own lives and contribute to the lives of others.
The Oak Knoll School

has maintained a steadfast commitment to integrating faith with

education, promoting a community of compassionate and informed citizens

who are ready to lead and serve in a global society.
The past 100 years

have served as a reflection of the vibrant legacy that will continue to

inspire and shape future generations.
The Oak Knoll School of the Holy

Cross has stood as a testament to a century's worth of educational

innovation, resilience, and dedication.
May the school's next 100 years

be filled with as much success as the past 100 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING NANCY GARDNER ON HER RETIREMENT FROM EDUCATION

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr Speaker, I rise to recognize Nancy Gardner, who

retired in April of this year after 44 years of selfless commitment to

education.
Throughout her incredible career, Nancy served the Port

Huron Area Schools, Landmark Academy, and the East Shore Leadership

Academy, which she founded and has led over the last decade.
A Michigan native, Nancy earned her Bachelor of Science from Northern

Michigan University and went on to earn two Master of Arts degrees from

Central Michigan University.
After graduating, she earned her special

education teaching certification and quickly began serving those in

need.
She later returned to education to serve as a special education

teacher and Assistant Principal for Holland Woods Middle School in Port

Huron.
In the evenings, she worked part-time as a substance abuse

therapist and registered social worker.
Nancy has also furnished a

reputation for her knowledge in crisis management, having received

special training from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1999-2000.
Nancy has traveled both inside and outside of the United States to

receive--and offer--training to accommodate different learning styles.
Throughout her inspiring career in education, Nancy has spearheaded

remarkable change and has, without a doubt, changed the academic

landscape in Port Huron and beyond.