Nancy has also furnished a

reputation for her knowledge in crisis management, having received

special training from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1999-2000.
Nancy has traveled both inside and outside of the United States to

receive--and offer--training to accommodate different learning styles.
Throughout her inspiring career in education, Nancy has spearheaded

remarkable change and has, without a doubt, changed the academic

landscape in Port Huron and beyond.
I am confident that her decades of

instruction, leadership, and commitment to education will leave a

lasting impact for many years to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

occasion of Nancy Gardner's retirement after 44 years in education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAYOR KURT HUNSTIGER ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

distinguished career and dedicated community service of Sauk Rapids

Mayor Kurt Hunstiger who recently announced his retirement from public

office.
Mayor Hunstiger's tenure in public service is truly commendable.
Over

the past 30 years, he has served in various positions, including 18

years as a city council member and the last eight years as mayor.
His

leadership has been instrumental in shaping the community, as he guided

Sauk Rapids through times of growth and change.
Despite retiring from his day job in finance four years ago, Mayor

Hunstiger continued to dedicate his time and energy to the betterment

of Sauk Rapids.
In a letter to the community and city staff announcing

his retirement, Kurt expressed his gratitude for their support and

collaboration over the years.
In this next chapter he plans to spend

more time with his family.
Under Mayor Hunstiger's stewardship, Sauk Rapids has thrived.
He

leaves behind a legacy of fiscal responsibility and a commitment to

community engagement.
His efforts secured the city's fiscal stability,

ensuring a strong foundation for the future.
His dedication, vision, and hard work over the years have made the

Sauk Rapids community a better place to live, work, and raise a family.
We are sincerely grateful for Mayor Hunstiger's service and

contributions to Sauk Rapids and Benton County and wish him a

fulfilling and joyful retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM RESOLVES AND

CELEBRATING THE MARKER DEDICATION

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate and honor the 250th

anniversary of the Prince William Resolves.
Today, I am honored to commemorate the unveiling and dedication of a

historical marker in remembrance of the Price William Resolves, a

celebration co-hosted by the National Society Daughters of the American

Revolution, Prince William Resolves Chapter and the Prince William

County Historical Commission.
In 1774, the Prince William Resolves were passed in opposition to the

British crown and in response to the call for support from patriots in

Boston, Massachusetts following the Boston Tea Party.
This moment

marked the first act of public defiance against British rule in

Virginia.
Today, the Prince William community gathers to celebrate the

bravery and patriotism of those who came before us.
Through this

marker, visitors and the community alike will continue to learn about

the courage with which Prince William's residents stood up to achieve

rule by the people.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 250th

anniversary of the Prince William Resolves.
I am honored to represent

the Prince William community and am proud of the work they do to keep

our history alive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CATHY MARCUCCI

HON.
GRACE F. NAPOLITANO

Mrs. NAPOLITANO.