She has worked with corporate volunteer teams, coordinated programming,

worked with local media, and advocated for crucial conservation

policies.
She has also formed naturalist and habitat restoration

programs, which have evolved into core staples of PBC's programming.
In addition to her work in the PBC, Lynn has helped lead the Pacifica

Land Trust as the Stewardship Coordinator, where she established a

volunteer-based stewardship program with almost 1,000 volunteers.
She

has coordinated conservation efforts and developed programs that foster

the appreciation, protection, and conservation of my district's natural

habitats.
Lynn's dedication to her work inspires us all.
Her time as President

along my district's coasts.
She leaves a legacy of stewardship and

service.
Both our community and our natural world owe her a debt of

gratitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
CHRIS R. SHERIDAN, JR.
_____

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Chris R. Sheridan,

Jr., a distinguished leader in our community and the recipient of the

Distinguished Citizen Award from the Central Georgia Council of

Scouting America.
Mr. Sheridan's lifelong dedication to civic

engagement and educational advancement reflects the values we cherish

in our society.
An event to celebrate his contributions to his

community and serving others was held on September 25th 2025, at 6:00

pm at the Anderson Conference Center in Macon, Georgia.
As an Eagle Scout, Mr. Sheridan embodies the principles of

leadership, service, and commitment.
His influence is clear through his

extensive board service on organizations like Mercer University,

NewTown Macon, the Grand Opera House, The Lewis Foundation, The Phil

and Alice Sheridan Foundation, The Ocmlugee National Park Initiative,

Comp Trust Captive Insurance Company, the Navicent Health Foundation

and the Macon Rescue Mission.
His contributions have profoundly

impacted our community, demonstrating a steadfast commitment to

improving the lives of those around him.
In recognition of his outstanding contributions to Central Georgia,

Mr. Sheridan has received many accolades, including the R. Kirby Godsey

Leadership Award, Alumnus of the Year from Mount De Sales Academy, the

Legacy of Leadership Award from Middle Georgia State University

Foundation, the Sir Award from the Associated General Contractors of

Georgia, the Meritorious Service Award from Mercer University, Person

of the Year from Family Advancement Ministries, Citizen of the Year

from the Greater Macon Chamber of Commerce and the Bishop Gartland

Award from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Savannah.
These honors reflect

not only his achievements but also the respect he has garnered from

peers and community members alike.
Mr. Sheridan's relentless pursuit of excellence and his dedication to

uplifting others is a shining example of what it means to serve.
It has

been said that ``service is the rent that we pay for the space that we

occupy here on this earth.''
Mr. Sheridan has paid his rent, and he has

paid it well.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along

with the 765,000 people of Georgia's 2nd Congressional District in

honoring Mr. Chris R. Sheridan for his service to his community, and

all of humankind.
May God continue to bless him and his family as he

continues on his journey to making the world a better place to live for

all people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING QUAKERTOWN WEST END FIRE COMPANY NO.
2 ON THEIR 100TH

ANNIVERSARY

_____

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise in

recognition of the distinct achievements and serviceable contributions

of the Quakertown West End Fire Company No.
2, on this occasion of

their 100th anniversary as of September 25, 2025.
For a century, the

men and women of the West End Fire Company No.
2 have served Upper

Bucks County, Pennsylvania, with distinction, dedication, resilience,

and valor.
West End Fire Company No.
2 is known as Bucks County Station No.