Title: CELEBRATING 90 YEARS OF UAW LOCAL 14; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
160

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 90 YEARS OF UAW LOCAL 14

_____

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very special

occasion for UAW Local 14 in my District.
Tomorrow, on Wednesday,

October 1, 2025, the union will celebrate 90 Years of Solidarity: A

Milestone for UAW Local 14 . . .
a testament to the enduring strength,

unity, and unwavering spirit of our membership.
Throughout the decades, UAW Local 14 has been at the vanguard of

manufacturing while at the same time ensuring worker rights, dignity

and economic fairness, making history while leaving a legacy of

accomplishments that continues to benefit workers across the Nation.
In 1935 a strike was called at Chevrolet Toledo.
During the three-

week strike, full bargaining rights were established as well as

seniority.
These key elements laid the foundation for the union's

strength yet today.
In 1936 a national agreement, led by founder Bob Travis, allowed for

the saving of the Chevrolet plant.
This effort to spread unionization

began with a 44-day ``sit-down strike'' and demonstrated the strength

of solidarity.
One of the most difficult strikes in Toledo--fifty years after the

deadly Auto-Lite Strike--was the 285-day AP Parts strike.
The union

held firm through this challenge to bring about a resolution beneficial

to all.
Turning toward the future, UAW Local 14, General Motors, and Toledo

Public Schools

came together in partnership to establish the Toledo Technology

Academy.
The legendary Local 14 leader Oscar Bunch, understanding the

critical need for training in the advanced technologies taking shape,

secured this innovative Toledo Public School in 1997 which thrives

today.
Through the years UAW Local 14 has been an established and integral

part of the fabric of our community, ensuring security for current

workers and retirees, as well as making its mark on our community.
The union notes: ``We stand on the shoulders of giants and are

immensely proud of our history.
As we move forward, UAW local 14 is

committed to remaining a powerful, essential voice in our union and our

community for many years to come.''
The great labor leader Walter Reuther explained, ``There is no

greater calling than to serve your brother.
There is no greater

contribution than to help the weak.
There is no greater satisfaction

than to have done it well.''
Throughout it's nearly century of service,

UAW Local 14 has met this challenge with honor.
I thank the Local 14 leadership--Tony Totty, Bernie LaPoint, Jr., Sue

Rodgers, Rhoni Clark, Henry McCoy, all the shop stewards, and all their

predecessors for their courage, consistency, and care.
Ninety years is

no small achievement.
It is a testament to shared purpose, to

collective power, and to neighborhoods knit together by trust and work.
May the halls of this Union always echo with the voices of the proud

and the hopeful.
May Local 14 forever remain a pillar for workers, for

Toledo, and for Northwest Ohio.
We applaud 90 glorious years of solidary, struggle, and strength and

look toward a future carrying forward these ideals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE EXEMPLARY LEADERSHIP OF MS.
DALILAH GARCIA

HON.
VICENTE GONZALEZ

Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with immense

pride to recognize Dalilah Garcia, President of FemCity Brownsville, of

a women empowerment organization.
Ms. Garcia was recently honored as one of twelve 2025 Women of

Distinction by the Texas Association of Mexican American Chambers of

Commerce (TAMACC) for her unstoppable resilience, dedication to female

empowerment, and rich cultural heritage.
Dalilah Garcia is an example of what it means to build community,

leadership, and foster inclusivity.
She boasts over five years of

experience in public relations, business, organizational development,

and project management.