According to Tim Hayes of the Bristol Herald Courier, the 1998 Powell

Valley team under Coach Robbins is considered by many as the best prep

football squad to play in the coalfields of Southwest Virginia.
His coaching not only produced NFL running backs Thomas Jones and

Julius Jones, but countless college standouts over the course of his

career and many who followed in his coaching footsteps.
Coach Robbins

contributed to other programs, including Powell Valley's track and

field program.
Under his tenure, Powell Valley's track and field team

produced two state titles.
After his tenure with Powell Valley, Coach Robbins remained in the

coaching community.
He spent the past few years helping with the

football team at the University of Virginia's College at Wise.
Southwest Virginia communities appreciated all the hard work and

dedication that Coach Robbins put into the development of student-

athletes in the region.
Last year, the Phil Robbins Field was

christened at Wise County's Bullitt Park, where Union High School plays

its football games.
With this, we honor Coach Robbins in the most

memorable way.
Players and coaches should be inspired by his legacy,

defined by a deep personal calling to coaching and athletics in

communities across Southwest Virginia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF GUS BUTCHIKAS

_____

HON.
JIMMY PATRONIS

Mr. PATRONIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a

remarkable man, Gus Butchikas, who passed away on September 21, 2025,

after a courageous battle with cancer.
Gus was a beloved member of our

community, a devoted husband and father, and a cherished friend to

many, including myself.
Born into the legacy of Angelo's Steak Pit, Gus dedicated himself to

preserving and enhancing the family business, ensuring that it remained

a cornerstone of Panama City Beach.
His culinary talents were evident

in the creation of signature recipes, including the renowned Greek

dressing, which continues to be prepared exclusively by family members.
Beyond his professional achievements, Gus was known for his deep faith,

kindness, and unwavering commitment to his community.
As a trusted confidant to governors, political leaders, and public

servants, Gus played a pivotal role in guiding many of us in our public

service journeys.
His wisdom, encouragement, and genuine care for

others left an indelible mark on all who had the privilege of knowing

him.
In this time of sorrow, our thoughts and prayers are with Patti,

Angelo, Brittany, Evey, and the entire Butchikas family.
May they find

comfort in the knowledge that Gus was called home to the Lord, where

his spirit will continue to shine brightly.
May he rest in peace.
His legacy lives on in all of us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF H.E. CHRISTIAN ``CHRIS'' PEEPLES

_____

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of H.E. Christian ``Chris'' Peeples, a dedicated public servant and

tireless advocate for public transit whose decades of service improved

the lives of countless residents in the East Bay and beyond.
Chris Peeples was first appointed to the AC Transit Board of

Directors in November 1997 to fill one of the District's two At-Large

Board positions.
He went on to earn the trust of voters time and again,

being elected in 1998 and re-elected in 2000, 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016,

and 2020.
Over the course of his distinguished tenure, he represented

Ward 1--including Albany, El Cerrito, El Sobrante, Richmond, San Pablo,

and the surrounding unincorporated communities--with energy, vision,

and compassion.
A longtime champion for transit riders, Director Peeples was deeply

engaged in the AC Bus Riders Union, Alliance for AC Transit, Regional

Alliance for Transit, Alliance for Sensible Transit, and the Coalition

for a One Stop Terminal, among many other groups.