2 have served Upper

Bucks County, Pennsylvania, with distinction, dedication, resilience,

and valor.
West End Fire Company No.
2 is known as Bucks County Station No.
18

and has been completely staffed by volunteers since its formation in

1925.
Their unwavering dedication to continued training and willingness to

serve their neighbors to meet the needs of the ever-changing fire

service landscape is no better demonstrated than in their daily quick

response to all types of emergencies.
Station No.
18 has modern fire equipment and is constantly adding to

its services.
As expected, they have the most modern Fire Suppression

equipment, Heavy Rescue equipment, and Water Rescue equipment.
The West End Fire Company No.
2 is a sister Company to Quakertown

Fire Company No.
1, which both operate as the Quakertown Fire

Department.
Throughout its long history, Station No.
18 has embodied the core

values of: Integrity First, Service Before Self, and Excellence in All

We Do.
They have safeguarded the Community, provided critical support

in times of need, and stood ready to respond when called upon.
Their

knowledge and skills, and superior operational support personnel, have

been, and continue to be, some of the most skilled and dedicated in the

fire service.
As we celebrate this historic milestone, it is my distinct honor to

celeberate those who faithfully served in the West End Fire Company No.
2 over the past century.
Their sacrifices of their time and those of

their families have ensured our fire safe security.
It is with deep

gratitude that we acknowledge their service and pay tribute to their

bravery.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the

100th anniversary of the West End Fire Company No.
2, Quakertown,

Pennsylvania, in extending a heartfelt thank you to the men and women

who have served, and continue to serve, in this distinguished Fire

Company.
May the next 100 years of Firefighters serve with the same

valor, honor, dignity, and dedication to duty as the exemplary men and

women of the West End Fire Co. No.
2 have so expertly demonstrated over

the last century of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF SOUTHWEST VIRGINA COACHING ICON PHIL

ROBBINS

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional

dedication and service of legendary coach Phil Robbins, a dedicated

football coach in Southwest Virginia who helped build legacies across

the district.
As a student-athlete, Coach Robbins played both college football and

baseball at Emory & Henry College.
His time at Emory & Henry made an

impression on him to continue in the world of sports as a leader,

mentor, and coach.
His coaching career started as an assistant coach at Washington

County's Patrick Henry High School for four years.
In 1971, Coach

Robbins took over the football program at John Battle High School in

Washington County.
Later in 1977, Coach Robbins led Christiansburg High School in

Montgomery County.
He helped lead the Blue Demons to the program's

first playoff game in 1981.
Coach Robbins then went to Powell Valley High School in Wise County,

where he would build a strong foundation for a storied football program

that achieved monumental success.
From 1983 until the school's final

football season in the fall of 2010, Coach Robbins helped Powell Valley

claim seven state titles.
During that time frame, his teams accumulated

more than 260 wins.
According to Tim Hayes of the Bristol Herald Courier, the 1998 Powell

Valley team under Coach Robbins is considered by many as the best prep

football squad to play in the coalfields of Southwest Virginia.
His coaching not only produced NFL running backs Thomas Jones and

Julius Jones, but countless college standouts over the course of his

career and many who followed in his coaching footsteps.
Coach Robbins

contributed to other programs, including Powell Valley's track and

field program.