May they find comfort in

knowing that Al's life's work continues in the generations of students

and educators he inspired.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FILIPINO AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH

_____

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, as the Member of Congress with the most

Filipino Americans of any Congressional district nationwide (nearly

200,000), I have been honored since 2019 to co-lead an annual

resolution recognizing October as Filipino American History Month.
I

have joined many colleagues in doing so once again to recognize and

celebrate the great contributions of Filipino Americans to our country,

in government and law, music and entertainment, sports, business and

countless other ventures.
The first recorded arrival of Filipinos in the continental United

States took place on October 18, 1587, when the ``Luzones Indios'' came

ashore from the Manila-built galleon Nuestra Senora de Esperanza in

Morro Bay, California.
This was followed by the first permanent

Filipino settlement in the United States in St. Malo, Louisiana in

1763.
Since those early beginnings, our Filipino American community has

grown to nearly 5 million people and is the third largest Asian

American and Pacific Islander group in the United States.
Many of the

early Filipino immigrants were young men who came to the United States,

most to Hawaii, California, Washington, and Alaska, seeking a better

life.
This first generation of Filipino immigrants are commonly referred to

as the ``Manong generation'' (Ilocano for first-born male).
They worked

mostly physically demanding jobs in tough conditions for very little

pay.
Over the years, they fought against discrimination, found a way

forward, became respected members of their communities and made a

better future for themselves and their future generations.
Several

generations have thrived upon that foundation.
The history of the Fil-Am community in Hawaii is particularly rich

and echoes the national story.
In 1906, the first fifteen Sakada

contract laborers arrived in Honolulu from the Philippines aboard the

SS Doric, marking the first sustained immigration into our country and

the humble beginnings of Fil-Ams in Hawaii.
By 1919, more than 29,000

Filipinos had traveled to Hawaii to take labor contracts.
These first

immigrants, those that followed and the subsequent generations

eventually became trailblazers in politics and government, the

military, business and entrepreneurship, journalism, popular culture,

music and the arts and more.
Our resolution honors the tremendous and increasing contribution of

Filipino Americans to our country in all areas including music, dance,

literature, education, health care, business, literature, journalism,

sports, fashion, politics, government, science, technology, the fine

arts and other fields.
I include in the Record the names and

accomplishments of Filipino Americans, again from my Hawaii:

Domingo Los Banos was Hawaii's first Filipino American

school principal and a loyal veteran of the 1st Filipino

Infantry Regiment that fought in the Philippines during World

War II.
Carolina Dizon Wong broke a glass ceiling when she obtained

an M.D. degree and became the first Filipino American to

start a medical practice in Hawaii in 1952.
Peter Aduja became the first Filipino American elected to

public office in the United States when he was elected to the

Hawaii Territorial House of Representatives in 1954.
Larry Ramos became to first Filipino and Asian-American to

win a Grammy Award playing the banjo for the New Christy

Minstrels in 1963.
Benjamin Menor became the first Filipino American to serve

in a state's highest judiciary office as a Justice of the

Hawaii State Supreme Court in 1974.
In 1978 Alfred Laureta became the first Filipino American

to serve as a federal judge, serving in the federal court of

the Northern Mariana Islands.
Ines Cayaban was the first Filipino American graduate of

the School of Public Health, Nursing and Social Work at the

University of Hawaii.
She received the prestigious Jefferson

Award in 1986 for her service.
In 1994, Ben Cayetano was elected the Governor of Hawaii,

becoming the first Filipino American governor of a state in

our union.