She earned a degree in Agricultural Business Marketing with a minor in

Fruit Science from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, where she met her

husband, Tim.
After graduation, they moved to the Central Valley to

continue their families' farming legacies.
Since marrying in 2010, Jenny and Tim have farmed almonds in Wasco

and Shafter, instilling the values of hard work, stewardship, and love

of the land in their children.
Before her advocacy work, Jenny spent

five years in agricultural sales and later became a freelance writer,

using her platform to connect farmers with consumers.
Known as ``Almond

Girl Jenny,'' she has shared stories as a blogger, social media content

creator, and freelance writer, strengthening the public connection to

agriculture.
Jenny's leadership began early when she helped revitalize the Kern

Young Farmers & Ranchers in 2011, serving as Chair for two years, and

later as California YF&R State Chair in 2018.
She has been a Kern

County Farm Bureau Board member since 2011, serving in multiple

leadership roles, and has represented Kern and Kings counties on the

California Farm Bureau Board since 2018.
Beyond Farm Bureau, Jenny's

service extends to the Almond Board of California Leadership Program,

the Wasco Planning Commission, and California Women for Agriculture.
She also brings a wealth of knowledge in water management and currently

serves as Executive Director for multiple water agencies.
In 2020, Jenny and Tim launched a direct-to-consumer almond business,

sharing their family farm and farm-fresh almonds with households across

the country while continuing daily farm life with their young family.
Mr. Speaker, Congressman David Valadao and I invite our colleagues to

join us in recognizing Jenny Holtermann for her dedication to family

farming, leadership in agriculture, and service to her community, which

have left a lasting mark on Kern County and the broader agricultural

industry.
Her years of service and commitment to agriculture have

strengthened the Farm Bureau and inspired meaningful progress

throughout the agricultural community.
We wish her continued success as

she moves forward from her role at the Kern County Farm Bureau.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LYNN ADAMS ON HER LIFETIME OF SERVICE

_____

HON.
SAM T. LICCARDO

Mr. LICCARDO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service and career of

community leader Lynn Adams in celebration of her retirement.
Since

2007, Lynn has served as the President of the Pacifica Beach Coalition

(PCB), dedicating herself to promoting conservation, stewardship, and

restoration.
Lynn began volunteering with the Pacifica Beach Coalition in 2002,

working to clean up

and restore Pacifica's beaches, coastlines, and habitats, ensuring our

lands and communities thrive.
Under Lynn's leadership, PCB cleanups

have been organized across the San Mateo County coastline, encouraging

countless volunteers to take action in their communities.
Her

commitment to preserving our ocean, coastal habitats, and wildlife has

made an immensely positive impact along our coastlines.
Her spark ignited the passion for public service in countless

community members.
Since 2005, she has increased participation in the

annual Earth Day of Action from 150 to 8,500 volunteers, expanding the

event's coverage in the city of Pacifica.
She has also increased the

number of field education events by tenfold.
Lynn has been particularly devoted to engaging our community's young

people.
She has held countless events in elementary schools across the

region and developed Pacifica's ``Junior Ocean Stewards Program,''

which engages children from underserved communities in environmental

stewardship and service from a young age.
Lynn's leadership is responsible for PBC's immense growth and impact.
She has worked with corporate volunteer teams, coordinated programming,

worked with local media, and advocated for crucial conservation

policies.
She has also formed naturalist and habitat restoration

programs, which have evolved into core staples of PBC's programming.
In addition to her work in the PBC, Lynn has helped lead the Pacifica

Land Trust as the Stewardship Coordinator, where she established a

volunteer-based stewardship program with almost 1,000 volunteers.