Ms. Garcia was recently honored as one of twelve 2025 Women of

Distinction by the Texas Association of Mexican American Chambers of

Commerce (TAMACC) for her unstoppable resilience, dedication to female

empowerment, and rich cultural heritage.
Dalilah Garcia is an example of what it means to build community,

leadership, and foster inclusivity.
She boasts over five years of

experience in public relations, business, organizational development,

and project management.
Prior to her role as President of FemCity Brownsville, Ms. Garcia

served as a Census Media Specialist at the U.S. Economic Development

Administration (EDA).
After her work with the EDA, she assumed her role as President of

FemCity Brownsville in December of 2017.
In her current role, she

collaborates and organizes monthly gatherings, workshops, and business

support services for women in our community hoping to become

entrepreneurs and success stories in their own right.
In addition to her professional endeavors, Ms. Garcia is a recipient

of the 2025 Estrella de Tejas Award.
This award is presented to

outstanding Hispanic women who have made great contributions to their

local communities and serve as role models for other women.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of South Texas, I wish to honor Dalilah Garcia

for her commitment to women empowerment and our community.
Her advocacy

has changed the landscape of our region, and her story is only just

beginning.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING GOODHART SONS INC.
ON THEIR 90TH ANNIVERSARY

_____

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

Goodhart Sons Inc. on their 90th anniversary.
Goodhart Sons Inc. is a

steel fabricator and installer based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Their

history began in 1935 when Frank G. Goodhart purchased the two-man

sheet metal shop that he was once an apprentice at.
In the 90 years

since Goodhart's founding, Frank and successive generations of family

leadership have tapped into new markets, both in their customer base

and the regions they serve.
The projects they have worked on vary,

ranging from food and beverage equipment to ductwork and even

hovercraft.
Goodhart Sons moved to their current facility in 1971,

which has continued to expand with each generation.
Today, Goodhart Sons Inc. is under fourth-generation leadership and

employs over one hundred people.
Goodhart Sons has built a reputation

for large industrial work, and their installation team has worked

across the United States and other countries.
Goodhart Sons is also

committed to the local community, best shown through their charitable

donations and workforce development investments.
For 90 eventful years, Goodhart Sons Inc. has been a business and

community leader in Pennsylvania's 11th District.
I am grateful for the

Goodhart family for their positive impact and wish them many more years

of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JENNY HOLTERMANN

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague

Congressman David Valadao to honor Jenny Holtermann, a fourth-

generation California farmer, water advocate, and strong communicator

who has worked tirelessly to preserve family farming, elevate women's

voices in agriculture, and strengthen the connection between growers

and consumers.
As she steps down as President of the Kern County Farm

Bureau, we have no doubt her leadership and service will continue to

influence the Central Valley and its farming community.
Jenny was born and raised on her family's almond and walnut farm in

Chico, California.
She earned a degree in Agricultural Business Marketing with a minor in

Fruit Science from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, where she met her

husband, Tim.
After graduation, they moved to the Central Valley to

continue their families' farming legacies.
Since marrying in 2010, Jenny and Tim have farmed almonds in Wasco

and Shafter, instilling the values of hard work, stewardship, and love

of the land in their children.