Ines Cayaban was the first Filipino American graduate of

the School of Public Health, Nursing and Social Work at the

University of Hawaii.
She received the prestigious Jefferson

Award in 1986 for her service.
In 1994, Ben Cayetano was elected the Governor of Hawaii,

becoming the first Filipino American governor of a state in

our union.
In 2019, Roy Macaraeg became the first Filipino American to

become a general officer in the history of Hawaii's citizen

soldier ranks.
In Hawaii, we also regularly honor the over 250,000 Filipinos

nationwide who answered the call to protect and defend America and the

Philippines in the Pacific theater.
In 2016, President Obama signed

into law the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal

Act to bestow Congress's highest honor upon those veterans.
With my

colleagues in the House, I have introduced our Filipino Veterans Family

Reunification Act, which seeks to reunite World War II Filipino

soldiers with their children, so that we can honor those living in our

community who fought to protect the free and open Indo-Pacific that we

have today.
Each and all these lives of achievement are but a small sampling of a

broader community that has achieved so much and contributed so much to

the rich fabric of our country.
And the story of Filipino Americans is

still in its early chapters.
It is fully appropriate that we again honor our Filipino American

community whose story is a quintessentially American story.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOSEPH DRURY CONNER AS OHIO'S 13TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

CHAMPION OF THE WEEK

_____

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Jackson High

School Automotive Teacher Joseph Drury as Ohio's 13th Congressional

District Champion of the Week.
Joseph was recently awarded a $50,000 prize for his school's skilled

trades program as a winner of the 2025 Harbor Freight Tools for Schools

Prize for Teaching Excellence.
He is 1 of just 25 teachers around the

country to be honored with this award--a true testament to his

determination to better the lives of his students.
This annual award was created to recognize excellence among high

school skilled trades teachers, a group of educators that is frequently

overlooked and underappreciated, yet so important to ensure that

students have the tools to excel in a career in the trades.
Inspired by his own experiences as a high school student, he told his

automotive instructor on graduation day that he wanted to be a teacher

one day, too.
He has 15 years of industry experience in dealerships and

six years as a bus mechanic for Jackson Local Schools.
Joseph is most

passionate about sharing his love for automobiles with students, seeing

them grow more confident as they acquire the knowledge and skills to

become self-sufficient with automotive operation and upkeep.
By using real-world scenarios and hands-on projects, students gain

practical experience with modern repair technologies, preparing them

for future careers in the automotive industry.
The Automotive

Technology Program at Jackson High School prepares students to be high-

tech automotive technicians, move into advanced training within the

industry, or earn an associate degree in the automotive technology

field.
Joseph's students have a 95 percent job placement rate within six

months of graduation, with many students employed at local auto shops,

dealerships, or starting their own businesses.
In the last 3 years,

100% of students enrolled in Joseph's automotive technology classes

have graduated, and 85% of them have done so after earning one or more

industry certifications.
Thank you Joseph for doing this work to

inspire the next generation of skilled mechanics.
With this award, and all the hard work that came before it, Joseph is

a shining example why Ohio's 13th Congressional District is known as

the ``Birthplace of Champions.''
He has certainly made Jackson High

School and our greater community proud.