I did not actually discern any answer to my question, so may I put it this way?
No. 10 has stated that it is not prepared to stand by the Chancellor’s commitment on tax.
Is that because No. 10 changed its mind, or because the right hon.
Lady spoke without thinking?
No Chancellor of the Exchequer would write five years’ worth of Budget in their first five months in post, but I can say that we will never have to deliver a Budget like that again.
We took decisions in this Budget in order to wipe the slate clean after the mismanagement, decline and chaos of the previous Government.
That required us to make difficult decisions, but we were right to make them, so that we can get going with our plans to achieve growth and reform public services, and deliver the NHS and schools that our country desperately needs.
The A50/A500 and Branston bridge in my constituency are just two examples of infrastructure projects that need investment.
What investment is the Department making to improve our roads and infrastructure?
My hon.
Friend has campaigned extensively on this issue in his constituency.
I understand that National Highways continues to develop proposals to improve the A50/A500 corridor through Uttoxeter.
That is part of the pipeline of projects for future road investment strategies.
He will know that in the Budget, we invested £1.6 billion to maintain and renew the nation’s local roads.
That includes a £500 million increase in 2025-26 alone.
Air ambulance charities deliver life-saving treatment to people every single day, yet they are under threat from the Chancellor’s rise in national insurance and taxes.
The Lincolnshire & Nottinghamshire Air Ambulance alone will need to find another £70,000 just to pay the national insurance rises.
Two weeks ago, local right hon.
and hon.
Members and I wrote to the Chancellor on this matter, but we have not yet had a reply.
I ask her now: will she exempt these vital charities, so that they can continue their vital, life-saving work?
The tax rises in the Budget were used to provide a £22.6 billion uplift in the Department of Health and Social Care budget to ensure that our NHS is properly funded.
The NHS will ensure that important services are properly funded, and those allocations will be set out in the normal way.
I understand that the Chancellor will attend the Great Northern conference today in Yorkshire and the Humber.
In the light of that, will she tell us how she will make the most of growth opportunities for our region?
I will head to the Great Northern conference in Hull later this afternoon to speak about the impact of this Government’s policies on Yorkshire and the wider north of England.
We are supporting local leaders and communities through integrated settlements, are investing in the trans-Pennine route upgrade, East West Rail and High Speed 2, and are reshaping public services.
The owner of Horton pharmacy in Epsom has raised concerns about the financial burden that increased employer national insurance contributions will place on community pharmacies.
Pharmacies provide frontline care, and without support, their viability and the accessible healthcare that they offer could be at risk.
That will add pressure to an already strained national health service.
Will the Chancellor reconsider and exempt community pharmacies from the increase?
Primary care providers have yearly negotiations with the Department on what services they provide and what money they are entitled to.
More broadly, the reason why we are, in the Budget, taking difficult decisions about national insurance and other matters is precisely to fund the NHS, so that we have the health service that our country needs and deserves.
Crawley’s public services, not least its schools and the NHS, are set to benefit significantly from the measures set out in the Budget.
Does the Minister agree that Opposition parties cannot have it both ways, claiming to support the investment in our local public services while rejecting every one of the measures necessary to fund them?
In the past four weeks since the Leader of the Opposition was elected, the Conservatives have made £7 billion of commitments to cut taxes, but with no idea of how they would cut public services to afford  them.
I do not know how they will vote on national insurance, but we can see pretty quickly how they ended up leaving us a £22 billion black hole.
The single most important factor in raising living standards, driving income equality and improving children’s life chances is having a job.
Why is the Chancellor disregarding that fundamental truth, with tax policies that will actively harm employment, particularly youth employment?
If we look at the OBR forecasts for this Parliament, employment will increase from 33.1 million to 34.3 million.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about youth employment.
I suggest that he read our “Get Britain Working” White Paper, which sets out in detail what we will do to help get young people, and people suffering from ill health, back into work.
Last week, the House passed the Second Reading of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill, and I was proud to walk through the voting Lobby with my hon.
Friends.
This Government are committed to implementing the vaping products duty, which complements the Bill, to safeguard our young people.
Will the Minister confirm whether the Government are considering using a digital platform tax for that duty?
As my hon.
Friend set out, the Government confirmed the introduction of a vaping products duty to ensure that young people and non-smokers do not take up vaping.
Registration for the duty will open on the digital platform from  1 April 2026 , and the duty will take effect from  1 October  that year.
On economic black holes, the Labour Mayor of London thinks that Brexit punched a £40 billion black hole in the public finances.
A very simple question for the Chancellor: has leaving the EU been a net positive or a net negative for the public finances?
The Government have no overall estimate of the impact of the UK’s exit from the EU, but the OBR has projected a 4% drop in productivity in the long term.
That is why we are starting negotiations with the EU to improve trade in our mutual interest.
The previous Government left a mess of £22 billion for us to clean up following their short-term decisions and absolute lack of investment in services.
This Government are taking a different approach, with long-term investment for our economic success.
Will the Chancellor work with me to find the £3 million of long-term investment in the port of Rosyth that is required to bring back a ferry between Rosyth and Dunkirk?
That would bring 51,000 passengers a year to Scotland and take 8.1 million km of freight traffic off the road, and it has the support of large local employers such as Mowi and Amazon.
The Government recognise that ports are an important route to growth, which is why the national wealth fund will deploy at least £5.8 billion   into five priority manifesto sectors, including ports.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that specific constituency issue in due course.
WealthTek was placed into administration by the Financial Conduct Authority after losing £80 million of its clients’ money.
FCA-appointed administrators are now deducting fees from victims’ compensation.
My constituents Dominic Knights and his wife have between them lost thousands of pounds.
What is the Treasury doing to safeguard the £85,000 compensation limit?
The FCA is held to account by the Government and Parliament, but Treasury Ministers cannot comment on individual cases, and the Treasury has no stake in the operational issues of the FCA.
I am very happy to meet with the right hon.
Lady and the FCA to discuss that matter, but let me be clear: the FCA is an independent regulator.
What  measures are the Government taking to support small independent retail businesses in town centres such as mine in Mansfield, and will the Chancellor join me in congratulating Mansfield business improvement district on its successful renewal ballot, which was announced last Friday?
I happily join my hon.
Friend in welcoming Mansfield’s success.
We have launched a revamped fair payment code, under which signatories commit to paying their suppliers on time, and the disability finance code for entrepreneurship.
That comes on top of reforms announced at the Budget to protect small businesses, such as doubling the employment allowance to £10,500, and our commitment to maintaining the small profits rate and marginal relief at their current rates and thresholds, as well as to freezing the small business multiplier for 2025-26—