Can the Minister confirm that of the £26.4 billion tax rise through the increase in employer NICs, £19 billion will come directly out of people’s pay packets?
Secondly, can he confirm that the net amount that the Treasury will actually get from that £26.4 billion after behavioural change and public sector compensation is just £11 billion?
The right hon.
Gentleman seems to have forgotten the cost that working people paid as a consequence of his party’s actions in government, with inflation on house prices racing to 11%, the cost of living crisis, higher energy bills and a loss of grip on public spending.
People suffered a direct cost in their disposable income because of the actions of the Conservative party.
This Labour Government have wiped the slate clean, and we are getting a grip on public spending, fixing the foundations and delivering for working people.
Will the Chancellor admit, as she has already done in the media, that wages will be lower because of her jobs tax?
This Government’s commitment to economic growth will improve living standards for people right across the country.
I refer the hon.
Member to my previous answer and suggest that his party might want to apologise before trying to lecture this Government on the change that we are delivering.
What steps she is taking to increase long-term investment in the economy.
What steps she is taking to increase long-term investment in the economy.
What steps she is taking to increase long-term investment in the economy.
We have brought stability back to the economy, which is the foundation for attracting investment and is vital to our growth mission.
We have already launched the national wealth fund, which will mobilise over £70 billion of private investment with an expanded remit for the Office for Investment overseen by the Minister for investment.
In October, we welcomed global investors from around the world to London for the international investment summit, where we were able to announce a record-breaking £63 billion of private sector investment into our economy.
I have been meeting a number of maritime companies in and around the port of Southampton, and they tell me that the single biggest key to unlocking further investment would be the expansion of the national grid to our city.
What steps is the Chancellor taking to secure that vital investment, and will she meet me and local industry leaders to discuss how this would boost our local and national economy?
It was a pleasure to go to my hon.
Friend’s constituency in June to see the port and the wealth creation and jobs that it is bringing to Southampton.
As I set out in the autumn Budget, as well as focusing on the national wealth fund’s capital investment in ports, we are committed to accelerating grid connections and ensuring that new network infrastructure is built at pace to unlock investment and growth opportunities.
We are particularly focused on driving network build,   including by completing the strategic planning of the energy system needed for 2030, to ensure that projects such as those my hon.
Friend has mentioned in Southampton make the progress that they need to.
New green businesses such as XLCC in Ayrshire, a sub-sea cable manufacturer, are seeking long-term investment to create jobs.
Recently, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Ayrshire and Arran (Irene Campbell)  and I visited its training academy in Irvine.
What more will my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor do to help Scottish businesses such as XLCC to secure long-term investment, and might she visit Ayrshire to see it in action?