Citizens Advice in St Albans supports some of the most vulnerable people to access public services.
It says that the changes to national insurance contributions will “hit hard because we employ mostly part-time staff and the change to the threshold means we go from paying nothing to the full amount for each staff member.
The increased rebate is intended to offset the NIC for small organisations but does not for us because so many of our staff are part-time.”
Will the Chancellor look again at the impact of the national insurance contribution changes on part-time workers?
We recognise that we have taken a tough decision to increase the rate and broaden the base through changes to the secondary threshold.
I welcome the work done by the organisation mentioned by the hon.
Lady in her constituency, but perhaps the need for advice would be less if public services were stronger.
One of the reasons we are taking these difficult decisions on taxation, welfare and spending is precisely to ensure that these public services can provide the service that people need.
We all want to see stronger public services.
According to Hightown Housing Association, the estimated extra total cost of the national insurance contribution changes will be £860,000 per year—money that would allow the association to pay the interest on a loan of around £17 million, which would pay for around 60 social homes.
Will the Chancellor say whether she will conduct an impact assessment of these national insurance contribution changes on the number of social homes?
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson began her question by saying that we all want public services; the problem is that not all of us in this Chamber are prepared to pay for them.
That is exactly why we have to take difficult decisions to ensure that we can fund our ambitious plans for the NHS, education and indeed housing.
The impact of the impact assessment is published in the tax information and impact note, which is published alongside the legislation, which I am sure   the hon.
Lady will have seen.
It comes down to the basic point that we have to make tough decisions on taxation if we want to fund those public services.
What fiscal steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.
At the Budget, the Government announced major steps towards delivering a once-in-a-generation increase in social housing, including a £500 million boost to the affordable homes programme, increasing annual spend to £3.1 billion.
The Government will set out future grant investment beyond the current affordable homes programme at phase 2 of the spending review.
In Stoke-on-Trent and Kidsgrove there are many historic buildings that are lying dormant, and they have done so for a very long time.
What steps will the Chancellor take to help to bring these beautiful buildings back into use as affordable homes for local people?
Stoke-on-Trent has a proud industrial history and some beautiful buildings.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point—I will raise it with colleagues at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
The £500 million boost to the affordable homes programme also allows up to 10% of that delivery to come from acquiring existing homes.
Social landlords, including some local authorities, can bid for funding to bring empty homes back into use for social housing.
Many of my constituents have benefited over many years from the right to buy their council homes and social housing, which has given them an important step on to the ladder to home ownership.
The discounts in Staffordshire are going to be cut to £16,000.
I do not doubt that the Chancellor, like me, wants to help as many people as possible on to the path to home ownership.
Will she pledge to review that decision with regard to the impact it will have on so many people, and look at restoring that discount in future?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, home ownership fell under the previous Government.
We are determined to turn that around and ensure that more people, particularly families, get on to the housing ladder.
As he has confirmed, the right to buy discounts will continue, but in future every penny of that money will go back into building new social housing, so that more people can have a home of their own and a roof over their head.
If she will make an assessment of the potential implications for her policies of the APPG for investment fraud and fairer financial services’ publication entitled “Report on the Call for Evidence about The Financial Conduct Authority”, published on 26 November 2024.
I read that report with great interest and have a lot of sympathy for those who suffered.
However, a lot of the incidents described happened a very long time ago.
The FCA has made substantial changes in response to those experiences.
That does not mean the end of our engagement with the FCA, but we are continuing to hold it to account and it has made changes since the report came to light.
The FCA has been completely defensive in response to the report.
Since the historical elements quoted by the FCA, 13 major scandals have erupted.
I will not intrude on your time, Mr Speaker, because I am sure that you would not want me to list them all, but Woodford Equity, car finance and others have come to light since the details came out.
Clearly, there is a need to fundamentally reform the FCA so that victims of scandals are properly compensated and the industry is properly regulated in the way that we would all like to see.
I understand that lots of people have suffered, as the report explains, which I said I have read.
However, I do have confidence in the FCA; I have sent it remit letters outlining what we expect it to do to deliver on its objectives.
The FCA is looking at certain things such as its rulebook, which we think is too extensive, to look at rules that no longer need to be applied but, overall, we are working with the FCA closely and we believe that it is trying its best.
It is not possible to have a system where nothing ever goes wrong, but we are trying to minimise that and ensure that there is consumer protection.
The FCA knows that we are working together to deliver on its objectives.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for the Money and Pensions Service.
The Money and Pensions Service plays a vital role in supporting individuals to manage their money effectively.
Its funding levels are regularly reviewed to reflect demand, inflation and evolving needs.
New research from the Centre for Responsible Credit shows that 7.5 million people in this country are going without the debt advice that they need.
We are in a cost of living crisis, so services are severely stretched.
The Money and Pensions Service underestimates need by excluding people who are behind with their bills.
That means that the financial levy that it proposes is not what it needs to be.
Since a third of those who need financial help borrow from buy now, pay later lenders, and given the delay in regulating those companies, will the Minister meet me to look at the funding model of the financial levy and what more we can do to ensure that those profiting from exploiting our constituents pay to repair the damage?
My hon.
Friend has been a tireless campaigner on this issue.
We are reforming buy now, pay later, as the Economic Secretary recently stated in answer to my hon.
Friend in the House.
The Government  recognise the gap between those who need debt and those accessing it, which is why the Money and Pensions Service is exploring ways to improve accessibility, including through outreach initiatives.
We continue to keep a close eye on its funding levels to ensure that they reflect demand.
The Money and Pensions Service does tremendous work to support people in my constituency who come to surgeries in desperate need—particularly those facing crippling debt—as do organisations such as Christians Against Poverty.
Would the Government consider putting more money behind the Money and Pensions Service, not just for staffing but for visibility and presence in local communities?
Would they consider the proposal that others have made to make our post offices a shop window for Government services in our communities, including such advice?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Money and Pensions Service commissions other charities, particularly to work with hard-to-reach vulnerable people.
We continue to review its funding and we keep a close eye on the evolving demand and need for its services.
What steps she is taking to increase the level of tax paid by online multinational corporations.
Ensuring that online multinationals pay their fair share of tax is crucial, so the Government are finalising the implementation of internationally agreed rules for a minimum 15% effective rate globally.
As set out in the corporate tax road map, we are seeking an international solution for a fair tax allocation of multinational profits.
Meanwhile, the digital services tax ensures that search engines, social media platforms and online marketplaces pay UK tax reflecting a UK-derived value.
Amazon currently makes hundreds of millions of pounds in profits in the UK each year, and often gets away with paying little to no corporation tax.
Meanwhile, high street businesses in Weymouth, Portland and Swanage in my constituency pay their fair share.
To level the playing field, will the Chancellor consider further measures to ensure that online giants always pay their fair share of tax?
I fear that, without action, our high streets will always be at an unfair disadvantage.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and supporting the high street is at the heart of our ambitions when it comes to business rates reform.
On Second Reading of the Finance Bill last week, in which I spoke, we set out our plans to issue permanently lower tax rates for high street retail, hospitality and leisure properties.
That will be paid for through an increase in the tax rate on properties with a rateable value above £500,000, a category that includes the warehouses used by many of the online giants to whom my hon.
Friend has referred.
What fiscal steps she is taking to support pensioners.
Thanks to our steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will benefit from a 4.1% increase in their state pensions next year, and over the course of this Parliament they will be better off by £1,900.
Pensioners also benefit from free bus passes, eye tests and prescriptions.
In September the Government released statistics showing that one in five pension credit claims were not being processed within 50 days, and I raised that in a written parliamentary question, No. 5385.
Part of the answer stated: “The department has secured funding for additional staffing to improve processing times.”
Two months later, data has been released showing that the processing of one in four pension credit claims is now taking longer than 50 days.
How much funding was given, will more be provided to try to move this forward, and what conversations is the Minister having with the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that the funding is spent properly, given that it is taxpayers’ money?
I am a Minister in both the Treasury and the DWP, so I have conversations with officials about this all the time.
We are absolutely determined that those who are eligible for pension credit should be aware that they can apply for it, given our big campaign to raise awareness—only last week we launched a TV campaign on the issue.
We have also deployed an additional 500 staff to process those pension credit claims.
Thanks to our campaign there has been a 145% increase in the number of claims, which is why the processing is taking a little longer, but we are absolutely focused on speeding it up and ensuring that those who are eligible receive the help they need.
What fiscal steps she is taking to increase economic growth in rural areas.
What fiscal steps she is taking to increase economic growth in rural areas.
A prosperous rural economy will be underpinned by improvements in rural connectivity and productivity, the availability of affordable energy, access to public services and a thriving farming sector.
To that end, the Government are investing £5 billion in broadband connectivity, which will support growth in rural areas across the UK.
In addition, we are spending £5 billion for the farming budget in England over the next two years, including the largest amount to be directed at sustainable food production and nature’s recovery in our country’s history.
For generations the grim spectre of highland depopulation haunted the area I come from.
I can remember my own father saying, before North sea oil came along, that I would have to go south; to go away.
Today we have the Inverness and Cromarty Firth green freeport, and we have the prospect of a space launch in Sutherland.
May I ask the Government to consider fiscal means whereby these projects can be assisted?
I warmly invite a Treasury Minister to come north to my constituency to see what we are doing and what we have on offer.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury will set out any fiscal measures in due course.
I am not sure whether I will get away with committing him to a visit to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but I am sure that many of us would like to visit it.
In fact, I shall be in Scotland in the next few days, but as it is for a Labour party fundraiser, the hon.
Gentleman may not want to join me.
Rural North Shropshire is home to some great independent businesses that we are looking forward to celebrating on Small Business Saturday this week, but they are held back by the business rates system, which benefits big online retailers and holds back investment not only on the high street but in the countryside.
Will the Minister consider a much more radical reform of business rates which takes account of land values, encourages businesses to invest and puts high street retailers on a level playing field with online giants?
Until the hon.
Lady’s last sentence, I thought she was declaring support for our business rates plans, because we are setting out to level the playing field for high street businesses and the online giants.
We are doing that by way of a permanent tax cut for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses on the high street, which is paid for by the higher multiplier for those with a rateable value of £500,000 or more—a category that includes the warehouses used by online companies.
I look forward to the hon.
Lady perhaps contributing towards our “Transforming Business Rates” paper, which sets out our wider ambitions for reform.
The last Government failed to stand up for British farmers in trade agreements and left them vulnerable to flooding, rollercoaster energy costs and poor infrastructure.
Can the Minister confirm that this Government will protect British farmers where the last Government failed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out the failures of the previous Government, and to point out that this Government remain steadfast in our commitment to farmers across the country.
That is exactly why we have committed £5 billion to the farming budget over the next two years, including the largest ever budget for sustainable food production in our history.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
We plan to raise living standards by boosting economic growth to put more money in people’s pockets, and by developing a comprehensive strategy on child poverty to give every child the best start in life.
Already, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility estimates that living standards will increase during this Parliament, at more than double the pace observed in the previous Parliament.
Fourteen years of Conservative rule meant that we all saw child poverty levels rise.
One in five children across the country now grows up in scarring poverty.
A quarter of all children in Bolsover live in poverty.
Can the Minister please set out the measures that this Labour Government will take to end this travesty?