One of the economic investments that we do not want to see in Angus and Perthshire Glens, or anywhere else in Scotland, is foreign multinationals buying up farms because farmers have given up under the weight of the taxes introduced by this Government.
This would destroy local supply chains and make larger farms that are less responsive to consumer demand.
What has the Chancellor seen in her impact assessment of the agricultural property relief changes to allay those fears?
One of the current challenges, as the hon.
Gentleman will know, is that agricultural property relief is often used for tax avoidance.
People are buying  farmland not because they are family farmers but because they do not want to pay any inheritance tax.
That is why we are reforming the system to bring in much-needed money to fund our public services, and to have a fair system with a 50% discount to inheritance tax paid on agricultural property and a 10-year period to pay that inheritance tax, interest free.
Last week, I joined a biotech boot camp in South Cambridgeshire.
Although the investors and entrepreneurs recognise and welcome the research and development budget announced in the Budget, they said it is a reduction from 2021.
Does the Chancellor recognise that we need to increase investment in R&D to encourage long-term investment in our leading services?
We were really pleased to announce an R&D budget of more than £20 billion at the autumn Budget.
This is important to funding and accelerating R&D not just in the hon.
Lady’s constituency but across the country.
Combined with the corporate tax road map, as well as the commitment to continuing funding for Horizon, our universities and great innovators can look to the future with confidence.
Local leisure and sports facilities, such as the Sovereign centre where I learned to swim, deserve more long-term investment.
I want Eastbourne to be able to invest its £20 million from the towns fund in such facilities, but it will not be unlocked by the Treasury until 2026.
Will the Chancellor commit to accelerating the unlocking of that funding, so that we can invest in facilities for local families and people in Eastbourne much sooner?
I agree it is important that all children learn to swim, especially in our coastal communities.
We had to make difficult decisions at the Budget, but I am happy to try to arrange a meeting between the hon.
Gentleman and the relevant Minister to make sure the investment can go ahead at pace.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
To deliver our manifesto pledge, we intend to introduce permanently lower tax rates for high street retail, hospitality and leisure properties from 2026-27.
This tax cut must be sustainably funded, so we intend to introduce a higher rate on the most valuable properties—those with a rateable value of £500,000 or above—from 2026-27.
The Non-Domestic Rating (Multipliers and Private Schools)  Bill, introduced last month, will enable the Government to deliver these changes, and it will come into effect in April 2026.
High streets in my Pendle and Clitheroe constituency were hollowed out under the last Conservative Government, with many shops left empty.
Small, independent businesses are the backbone of our local economy, employing local people, keeping our towns vibrant and giving them their character and charm.
Can the Minister assure me that multinational giants will pay their fair share under Labour, levelling the playing field and enabling our high streets to thrive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of small, independent businesses in his constituency, and I am sure his sentiment is shared by Members across the House.
Through our reforms, we are setting out to make sure that those properties with a rateable value of £500,000 or more pay so we can have a permanent tax cut for high street business.
This category includes the large distribution warehouses used by online businesses, which will make sure that those online businesses make a fair contribution to ensuring that our high streets are the success we all want to see.
Ahead of Small Business Saturday, I congratulate St Martha Greek taverna in Nantwich on being the first winner of my Crewe and Nantwich small business of the month competition.
Small businesses on our high streets, such as St Martha, regularly highlight business rates as a significant challenge, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that they can continue to thrive?
May I extend my congratulations to St Martha Greek taverna in Nantwich?
Given the time, I am feeling a bit hungry now that we are talking about food.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that our plans to reform the business rates system would see a permanent tax cut for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
While I do not know exactly the details or the rateable value of the property in question, I am sure properties like that would be eligible for the cut.
It is crucial that we support those much-loved local businesses.
I am glad he is doing all he can to champion them, and I look forward to my invite.
Many people in my community rely on in-person banking and access to cash.
I was pleased to recently open the banking hub in Ossett town centre.
Ossett was previously one of the 55 bankless towns in the UK.
How are the Government looking to further support those who rely on those services, particularly in towns and rural villages?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance to communities of having access to cash and banking services, which is why we have committed to rolling out more banking hubs across the country—100 by the end of this year and a total of 350 through our commitment.
We want to work with local communities across the country to deliver that, so that all areas, like Ossett, can benefit from a local banking hub.
The heavy burden of business rates and the national insurance contributions that the Government are going to impose  on small businesses is taxing businesses to death.
Does the Minister recognise that in doing so, he is going to cause unemployment, higher inflation and lower growth, and that we are heading for higher taxes in future because of the downward economic spiral?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will see in the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions)
Bill that we will be debating this afternoon, we have doubled the employment allowance to help small businesses to employ up to four people earning the national living wage without paying a penny in national insurance.
That is dedicated support to help those small businesses, in the context of what, I admit, is a tough decision.
If the right hon.
Gentleman has a chance to contribute to the debate, he might say whether he supports the extra public services funding that comes from those difficult decisions.
Businesses like Mr Miles in Taunton High Street are being hit hard by the changes in taxes for hospitality businesses, including the increase in the wage bill and national insurance contributions, and the massive increase in business rates.
That business is now considering reducing its opening hours, which would make our high street less vibrant than it should be.
One challenge is the £50,000 rateable value limit for the discount, as many high street premises have a rateable value of more than £50,000.
Will the Chancellor consider reviewing the limit placed on the business rates discount for small businesses?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we set out our plans for reforming business rates to ensure that retail, hospitality and leisure properties on the high street with rateable values below £500,000 will benefit from a permanent tax cut from this Government.
The importance of that tax cut being permanent is that it gives businesses the stability they need to invest and grow.
I look forward to his support for our reforms when we vote on them in due course.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the sound management of public finances.
Sound management of the public finances means spending wisely and not sending money to fraudsters.
Today, I have appointed the health expert Tom Hayhoe as our new covid counter-fraud commissioner.
As chair of an NHS trust during the pandemic, he saw the urgency of getting personal protective equipment to NHS staff when they needed it.
Now he is at his desk in my Department starting the work to investigate the billions of pounds lost to fraud and underperforming contracts, and instead ensuring that that money is where it belongs—in our public services.
My constituents expect the Government to treat taxpayer money with the utmost respect.
However, during the pandemic the Conservatives handed out contracts to their friends and donors and failed to prevent fraud, using the crisis as a cover for their greed.
Does the Chancellor agree with me that that money belongs to the taxpayer?
My hon.
Friend’s constituents in Thurrock are right to be angry about the waste and corruption that happened under the previous Government.
That money belongs to the British people and in our public services, not in the pockets of fraudsters taking advantage of a national emergency.
Tom Hayhoe will leave no stone unturned in investigating the carnival of fraud that the previous Government presided over, including in PPE contracts, where they recommended any attempts to reclaim that money be abandoned.
Letting huge sums of taxpayers’ money be wasted would be egregious and I will not tolerate that.
The Treasury consistently insists that only 500 farms a year will be impacted by the family farm tax.
However, the Central Association for Agricultural Valuers calculates that the real number will be five times higher and will include many farms in my Gordon and Buchan constituency.
Who is right: the Treasury or the experts?
We have published the detail of how that money is raised, but the numbers from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs are very clear: only a quarter of estates will pay any additional tax.
At the moment, the vast majority of agricultural property relief is enjoyed by a very small number of very large and very expensive estates.
That is not affordable, and it will not continue.
I declare an interest: I am a member of Unite the Union.
The Grangemouth refinery costs £100 million a year to run, and its economic contribution to Scotland exceeds £400 million per annum.
Unite has a credible plan to save the refinery and prevent thousands of job losses.
Will the Treasury consider the plan, and meet me, Unite and the refinery owners to discuss its viability and Government intervention for the public good?
I am happy to arrange a meeting between my hon.
Friend and the relevant Minister.
Last week, the Chancellor told the CBI conference that she would not come back “with more borrowing or more taxes”.
Last Wednesday, the Prime Minister hung her out to dry and refused to repeat those words.
Will she repeat them today and rule out any more borrowing or any more taxes—yes or no?
At the Budget in October, we had to fill a £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government.
We will never have to repeat a Budget like this one, because we will not have to clear up the mess of the previous Government ever again.