The hon.
Member is talking about small businesses.
Last week, I was proud to host the Federation of Small Businesses in Parliament.
Representatives welcomed the Budget, particularly the increase in the employment allowance, which will see the smallest businesses benefit.
Some 250,000 of the smallest businesses say that they are better off now than they were before the Budget.
Are they wrong?
The hon.
Member is talking about small businesses.
Last week, I was proud to host members of the Federation of Small Businesses here in Parliament, who welcomed the Budget, particularly the increase in the employment allowance, which will see the smallest businesses benefit—25,000 of the smallest businesses better off now than they were before the Budget.
Are they wrong?
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions)
Bill on the cost of delivering public services.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the proposed increase in employer national insurance contributions on public sector organisations.
As we set out in the autumn statement, the Government have set aside funding to support the public sector with the additional cost of employer national insurance contributions.
The amounts are £4.7 billion in 2025-26, £4.7 billion in 2026-27, £4.8 billion in 2027-28, £4.9 billion in 2028-29 and £5.1 billion in 2029-30.
The Government plan to update Parliament on allocations by Department as soon as possible.
Labour’s national insurance increase will cost Dundee city council a minimum of £7.3 million, while across Scotland an additional £500 million will be incurred, rising to £750 million when indirect employers such as GP practices are included.
Labour promised to reset the relationship with the devolved Administrations, so, ahead of Scotland’s Budget this week, will the Minister confirm that the full cost of the national insurance contributions increase to the delivery of public services in Scotland will be reimbursed?
The funding for the impact on public sector organisations includes funding for the devolved Governments, which is allocated through the Barnett formula in the usual way.
It is the responsibility of the devolved Governments to manage devolved workforces.
Might I say that if the bill is somewhat higher in Scotland, that may be due to the Scottish Government’s decisions about the size of the public sector?
A major housing association serving not only Plympton, Plymstock and Ivybridge in my constituency but the rest of Plymouth and other parts of Devon and Cornwall will have to shoulder three quarters of a million pounds in increased national insurance contributions.
That is money that could have  been spent on new homes for some of the most vulnerable in my constituency.
How will the Minister reassure my constituents patiently waiting for much-needed social housing when they realise that they will have to wait longer because of the Chancellor’s decisions?
We recognise that the decision on national insurance contributions is a tough one, but we also recognise that it was necessary for the Chancellor to set out a Budget that included a record set of promises on home building.
We are set to build 1.5 million homes over the course of this Parliament, investing in social and affordable housing.
That is what will benefit the hon.
Member’s constituents who need a decent home.
The shadow Chancellor was touring the TV studios this morning to say that the Conservative party did nothing wrong in government.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the reason for the changes to national insurance is precisely to plug the £22 billion gap that the Conservatives caused and to ensure that our constituents can get a hospital or GP appointment?
I think that fits with the question, somehow.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The problem with Conservative Members is that they are all happy to say that they want more funding for the NHS; they are just not prepared to pay for it.
What they need to realise is that, in government, we have to take tough decisions to ensure that we can fund public services and fix the public finances.
What reassurance can the Minister give to hospices such as Julia’s House, which serves my constituents, which are concerned by the planned increase in national insurance contributions and the impact that will have on the services they provide?
As my hon.
Friend will know, many hospices are independent charities and therefore will be able to access the employment allowance, which we have doubled to £10,500 a year, as well as the other wider tax reliefs in the tax system for charities, such as business rates relief and gift aid.
Of course, hospices often have statutory obligations with the NHS as well, so I suggest that hospices discuss their contracts with their integrated care boards.