And like my hon.
Friend, I look forward to small business Saturday this week— Order.
[Interruption.]
No, we are going to have a little talk now, because this is not fair; I have to get all these other Members in.
I understand that these are set questions, but questions and answers should be short—it works both ways—otherwise I cannot get Members in and it makes my job impossible.
Please work with me.
The owners of a 380-acre farm in my constituency have worked out that they would have to spend 40 years paying back the money that they would have to borrow because of the changes to agricultural property relief.
When will the Chancellor start listening to farmers rather than hiding behind Treasury figures?
We are taking an approach that balances significant tax relief for family farms with the need to fix the public finances in as fair a way as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen the data that the Treasury  has put out, based on claims data from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
It shows how few farms will in fact be affected.
The measures are a fair and balanced way to fix the public finances, which we desperately needed to do given our inheritance from the Conservative Government.
It is vital that we give value for taxpayers’ money, yet Conservative-run Norfolk county council’s doomed Norwich western link road is costing taxpayers £27,000 per day—that is nearly £50 million so far for not an inch of tarmac.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Norfolk Tories give us Liz Truss not just in Whitehall, but in county hall?
Minister, you’re running out of road.
The Government will always support local authorities to deliver good value for money road enhancements to support economic growth and improved connectivity.
The Norwich western link road is currently the subject of a live planning application, so I am afraid that I cannot comment further on the specifics.
I cannot help but think that this morning has made for rather depressing listening.
We hear this repetition about a £22 billion black hole, but we are dealing with very serious matters such as people’s employment.
Ultimately I hear the Chancellor talking about a central planning agenda, but it is public services that are the problem; they are wasting money, and we must seriously consider that.
Will the Chancellor accept, if the economy turns down next year, which it surely will, that she has made a mess of it?
We mention the £22 billion because that is the inheritance that the Government now have to address.
We have published a line-by-line account of the £22 billion black hole that the previous Government left.
We are now growing the economy through our national wealth fund, our planning reform and our pensions reform, and we are reforming our public services, so that we can deliver for the people we came here to represent.
As the Treasury team may be aware, there is a growing body of evidence that the growth of the financial sector beyond a certain size has an impact on the economy, particularly the productive economy.
Over a 10-year period, it has cost the rest of the economy £4.5 trillion, so how will the Chancellor ensure that a growing financial sector will not harm the Government’s wider missions and the productive economy?
My hon.
Friend will know that there is a long-standing debate about the relationship between financial and real economy growth, on which there is no consensus.
The Government are clear that we see the financial services sector as a key part of our future economic success.
The growth of the UK economy and our wider missions will not be achieved if we do not champion one of our biggest assets—the growth of the UK’s financial services sector—and mobilise it towards achieving those goals.
Achieving for Children is the arm’s length body of Richmond council that delivers its vital children’s services, yet because of the rise in employer’s national insurance, it now faces a staggering bill of £588,000 because the employees are not directly employed by Richmond council.
When the Chancellor looks at her local government settlement, will she build in reimbursement for councils such as Richmond, or indeed exempt arm’s length bodies?
As the hon.
Member will know, we announced in the Budget an increase in local government funding of 3.2% next year, and the Chancellor announced extra funding for early years providers to deliver Government-funded childcare places, meaning that total funding will be over £8 billion in 2025-26.
I look forward to the hon.
Member’s support for all that extra funding.
Today is International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
With a disability employment gap of nearly 30% and a disability pay gap of nearly 14%, how is the Chancellor helping to address those inequalities?
Just today, the Government launched the disability finance code for entrepreneurship—something championed by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade—to ensure that people from all types of backgrounds, including those with disabilities, can start and grow their own businesses.
When the Windsor framework was introduced, it was accompanied by the boast that access to the EU single market would result in a huge increase in investment in Northern Ireland.
Is the Chancellor aware that Invest NI has reported that there has been no upturn, and is that not because of the barrier presented by the Irish sea border to the bringing of raw materials into Northern Ireland from Great Britain?
The Government are committed to increasing the flow of investment to every nation and region of the United Kingdom, and we will continue to work with the Northern Ireland Executive to deliver that for the people of Northern Ireland.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the war in Ukraine.
The UK’s support for Ukraine to defend itself against Russian aggression is ironclad.
In July this year, the Government committed to provide Ukraine with £3 billion of military aid every year for as long as needed.
In October, we announced that the UK Government would provide a further £2.26 billion as the UK’s contribution to the $50 billion G7 loan, earmarked as budgetary support for Ukraine’s military spending.
This will be provided in addition to our bilateral military aid.
We are also stepping up and speeding up delivery of our military support.
The UK is also leading the way in terms of pressure on Russia and Putin’s war machine.
To date, we have sanctioned over 2,100 individuals and entities under the Russia sanctions regime.
Sanctions have deprived Russia of over $400 billion since February 2022, equivalent to four more years of funding for the invasion.
Putin’s problems are growing, with 700,000 casualties to date, voluntary recruitment down 40% and an unsustainable war economy.
Russia has been forced to rely on Iran for missiles and on the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea for foot soldiers.
Our support to Ukraine is a core UK national interest.
A Russian victory would diminish the west’s global standing, create a zone of instability on our eastern flank, and embolden Putin and other autocrats.
This could require cold war levels of defence spending.
On  19 November , we passed a grim milestone—1,000 days since Putin launched his full-scale invasion.
Millions of Ukrainians have been displaced from their homes or forced into exile, and as we know from our constituencies, we have homes full of Ukrainian families.