I am grateful to the Minister for her remarks so far.
The shocking and disturbing scenes in Georgia have been hard for all to witness, and I note the statement put out by the Foreign Office this morning.
We share the Government’s deep anxiety over the situation in Georgia.
What is happening in Georgia matters.
From the law on foreign influence to election irregularities and the excessive use of force in recent days against protesters and journalists, we are witnessing Georgia being dragged down a dangerous path.
It matters for the Georgian people, for our important bilateral relationship, and for the wider Euro-Atlantic community, which sincerely seeks closer ties and a deeper friendship with Georgia.
Our clear and unambiguous aim should be to support the Georgian people, and that includes their desire for a future rooted in the Euro-Atlantic community.
Will the Minister confirm she has told her Georgian counterpart, in no uncertain terms, that they need to tone down the aggressive rhetoric, de-escalate the situation on the streets and stop blaming others for the current tensions?
Will she also commit to pulling every diplomatic lever to support the Georgian people as they go through this dark period?
Finally, and more broadly, I will circle back to the question I asked last week at Foreign Office questions, because this is a clear example of the dangers of Europe becoming a more contested space.
Will the Minister urgently come forward with a plan that builds on the work of the previous Government to be more muscular in leveraging our soft power, so that we can counter attempts to sow division and instead bang the drum for the Euro-Atlantic community?
We need to demonstrate to countries in Europe and around the world that a partnership with us, and choosing democracy and openness, is the best route to prosperity.
We believe that the Georgian authorities must investigate all irregularities and reverse the declining commitment to democracy, as the right hon.
Lady has laid out.
We fully support Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations, in line with the strong will of the Georgian people.
Georgia is a valuable international security partner in the south Caucasus with which we enjoy a long history and close bilateral relations.
We are therefore redoubling our efforts to connect with Georgians, to encourage restraint and peaceful demonstrations, and to encourage the investigation of those irregularities, so that there can be no doubt about what actually happened  at the recent elections.
The UK remains resolutely committed to Georgia’s independence and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders.
The right hon.
Lady asked about soft power.
Of course, in this House we all know the importance of soft power.
That is why we are working hard with the British Council and groups that support democracy and young people in different democracies.
Following 14 difficult years for soft power in the UK, when all funding was drained away from our important soft power organisations, that is also why we are seeking to rebuild our reputation for soft power, where perhaps we have stepped backwards a little over the past few years.
My Georgian friends and colleagues in civil society, with whom I have worked for many years, are calling this a Maidan moment for the country.
Protesters have been brutally assaulted, and there have been reports of journalists being hospitalised.
Given that many Georgian Dream officials have ties to the UK, will the Minister say whether, if this continues, the full range of Government tools will be considered?
Sanctions, visa bans or financial restrictions, for example, would hit those responsible where it really hurts.