The Prime Minister has made it clear that we need to double down on our support for Ukraine.
As the Foreign Secretary told the United Nations Security Council last month, we stand with the people of Ukraine during this terrible period of its history.
It is wonderful to have cross-party support for that, and for the support that the UK will deliver for as long as it takes until Ukraine prevails, to ensure that this can never happen again.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
Following the Prime Minister’s comments yesterday, we need some clarity from the Government on their approach to Ukraine.
At the Lord Mayor’s banquet, the Prime Minister said that it was important to “put Ukraine in the strongest possible position for negotiations so that they can secure a just and lasting peace on their terms”.
We can all agree that Ukrainians must be able to determine their own future.
I am sure the Minister recognises that the language used by the Prime Minister yesterday evening at the Lord Mayor’s banquet about negotiations is new.
On  21 November  in the House, the Prime Minister made no reference to negotiations for peace, stating: “We have consistently said that we will do what it takes to support Ukraine and put it in the best possible position going into the winter”, and that “Russia could roll back its forces and end this war tomorrow.
”—[Official
Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 373.]
As the Minister pointed out, the Foreign Secretary stated here on  19 November : “The final truth is that Putin has no interest in a just peace.”—[Official
Report,  19 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 163.]
We all agree that putting Ukraine in the strongest possible position to counter Russia’s illegal invasion is right.
We are all proud in this House, across this Government and the previous Government, of how we have led on that support to Ukraine and its people.
However, if the Government are framing that through the lens of negotiation, does the Minister believe that that represents a departure from the current approach and from the statements issued in this House?