The Minister for Europe, North America and the Overseas Territories spoke to Georgian Foreign Minister Darchiashvili on  9 October  to relay the UK’s concerns about the introduction of a law on transparency and foreign influence and a law on family values.
On  11 October , we reiterated our concern as to how that contributed to pressure on civil society and human rights.
Those actions undermine Georgian citizens’ clear ambition for a modern, inclusive Euro-Atlantic future and jeopardise the UK's close partnership with the Georgian Dream Government.
People in Georgia are making clear their opposition to Georgian Dream’s decision to pause the country’s further moves towards a European future.
I am deeply concerned by reports of excessive use of force by Georgian police against protesters exercising legitimate democratic rights.
This morning, the Minister for Europe, North America and the Overseas Territories released a statement condemning the use of brutal force that has continued over recent days.
We have called on the Georgian authorities to de-escalate the situation and reverse their harmful trajectory away from European values.
Continued steps away from democratic norms and freedoms will serve only to harm Georgia’s international reputation and risk fundamentally damaging relations with Georgia’s friends and partners.
The UK Government have already decided to review their relations with the Georgian Government, including by freezing our annual Wardrop strategic dialogue until we see signs of a reversal of this anti-democratic slide.
First, thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
As you will be aware, people across the Chamber have friends in Georgia, who will be reassured that we have taken the time to discuss this matter.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a trustee of the John Smith Trust, which has done fantastic work in Georgia and elsewhere.
I hope you do not mind me mentioning that.
Georgia is a country in which I have lived and worked; I know that other colleagues have done so as well.
Like others in the Chamber, I care for it deeply.
I thank the Minister for her statement.
I highlight the work that she mentioned of her ministerial colleagues, the excellent work of the embassy in Tbilisi, and UK-based international non-governmental organisations, who have done fantastic work for years.
We have been so disturbed in the aftermath of the elections.
The dangers of destabilisation in Georgia are acute when 20% of Georgia’s territory is still under Russian control—it is occupied.
Further to her statement, will the Minister tell us what discussions she has had with European partners over Georgia’s EU accession, which is vital to its long-term stability, and what work is ongoing to ensure that the rule of law is enshrined and fortified and to protect the freedom of the media and journalists and the freedom to protest?
Finally, having visited the border with Russia recently, I ask the Minister what work is being done to ensure that Georgia maintains sanctions on Russia regardless of the Administration in Tbilisi.