A cornerstone of sound management is economic certainty, but this Government seem to specialise in creating economic uncertainty; most recently they did so by delaying the date for the critical multi-year spending review.
It looks like the Chancellor does not have a grip on either her Cabinet colleagues’ spending plans or her own plans for public sector productivity.
Which is it—or is it both?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about uncertainty, but he was a Minister in the Treasury under Liz Truss, when huge damage was done to families’ and businesses’ finances.
Frankly, I will take no lessons from Conservative Members on how to run the economy.
We have already done phase 1 of the spending review; phase 2 will begin shortly and be concluded next year, when we will make multi-year settlements on resource departmental expenditure limits and capital budgets for the next few years.
The Chancellor may find that in her job, she needs to listen and learn lessons.
One of the many criticisms of the last Budget was that the Government fiddled the figures to borrow more money, and still left little headroom for if their forecast went wrong.
Since the Budget, business confidence has collapsed, putting further pressure on that headroom.
Does the Chancellor have a problem with balancing her books, and will she, like Oliver Twist, be coming back for more?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that there is more headroom in our Budget in October than was left by the previous Government.
The lesson I have learned is that I will never play fast and loose with the public finances, as the Conservative party did, because when it did, interest rates went through the roof and inflation topped 11%, and families and businesses in our country are still paying the price for its disastrous economic management.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
At the Budget, I wiped the slate clean after 14 years of chaos and mismanagement of our public finances, and I have brought stability back to our economy, so that we can get on with fulfilling our promise of delivering change.
That means investing to fix the NHS and rebuild Britain, while ensuring that working people do not face higher taxes in their payslips.
Only through economic growth can we deliver on the promise of change.
That is why we have wasted no time in delivering on the Government’s No. 1 mission.
We have established the national wealth fund, have kick-started planning reforms to boost long-term growth, are developing an industrial strategy, and are announcing reforms for our world-leading financial services sector, including in pensions.
I am under no illusion about the size and scale of the challenge that we face, and the struggles of working people.
That is why we choose stability and investment.
The Conservatives, however, choose chaos, austerity and decline.
According to the Local Government Association, local government spending on public services is down 42% on what it would have been had it kept pace with demand and costs since 2010.
My local authority, Greenwich, faces a £3 million to £5 million gap in commissioned social care costs, and after 14 years of Tory austerity, there is very little headroom to bridge that gap.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that local authorities need more assistance to bridge such gaps in the December local government finance statement?
As my hon.
Friend will know, in the autumn Budget and phase 1 of the spending review, more than £1 billion was made available to local government, including £600 million for social care.
The allocation of that money will be set out in the normal way over the next few weeks, so that local government is funded properly and can deliver the services that it needs to deliver.