Through his hard work and keen

business skills, Eric has grown his businesses into the preeminent food

service providers in the Chicago area.
In addition to being an accomplished businessman, Eric is also known

for his friendly spirit and kindness.
To know Eric is to know a friend.
As Eric looks back on 74 wonderful years, I hope he is able to rest on

his laurels and enjoy celebrating his accomplishments with his family

and friends.
I wish him many more years of good health.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating this

momentous occasion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR.
PAUL ROGER DIONNE

HON.
JARED F. GOLDEN

Mr. GOLDEN of Maine.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of

Paul Roger Dionne, who passed away on April 17, 2025.
A pillar of the

Lewiston community, Paul spent his life in service to others.
As a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War, Paul

earned two Bronze Stars and two Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry.
After

returning home, Paul met his best friend and soulmate, Diane (LeBlanc),

and they married in 1970.
Together, they built a home and raised two

daughters, Melodie and Michelle, and later welcomed five grandchildren.
In addition to Paul's service to his country, he also served the

people of Maine.
Leading his community as Assistant District Attorney

and as Mayor of Lewiston, Paul was instrumental in bringing the

University of Maine system to Lewiston (UMLA).
Later in his career,

Paul was appointed Maine's first Executive Director of the Workers'

Compensation Board, serving under Governors King and Baldacci.
In this

role Paul fought for workers' rights and is remembered for his

compassion and tact.
However, Paul's greatest impact was on his beloved community of

Lewiston.
A staple at every community event, Paul was a member of the

Chamber of Commerce, led the Central Maine Medical Center Board of

Trustees, and earned recognition as one of Lewiston's Citizens of the

Year.
Additionally, Paul coached hundreds of students on the Lewiston

High School Mock Trial Team, which he did proudly alongside his

daughter.
Remembered by many for his big smile, and his love for one another,

he lifted up his community.
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I am

honored to pay tribute to Paul Dionne.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING ARMED FORCES DAY AND THE MEN AND WOMEN WHO SERVE IN THE

UNITED STATES MILITARY

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

service of our brave men and women for Armed Forces Day, May 17, 2025.
Armed Forces Day is a 75-year tradition to thank all of those who are

currently serving, as well as those who have served and sacrificed to

defend our freedom.
It is because of their duty, honor, and courage

that the United States of America remains free today.
This Saturday, the Western New York Armed Forces Committee will honor

eleven service men and women to be honored at its 62nd Military Ball,

and it is my honor to include in the Record their names as a tribute to

their service, and the service of their brothers and sisters in arms:

RP2 Amber N. Cardillo--United States Navy.
LS1 Anthony Taylor--United States Navy Reserve.
SSG Jacob Hinds--United States Army.
SSG Andrew Sulski--United States Army Reserve.
SSG Kaleb Acosta--New York Army National Guard.
SSG Bradley A. Bray--New York Guard Honoree.
BMI Brett Lawrence--United States Coast Guard.
MST2 Krishnan Muthaiah--United States Coast Guard Reserve.
SSgt Favan G. Perez--United States Marine Corps.
Sgt Codey Aboff--United States Marine Corps Reserve

Honoree.
SrA Tess E. Barone--United States Air Force.
Western New York and the Southern Tier are home to many proud service

members and veterans, and our community has a long and proud tradition

of military service.
It is my honor to recognize their bravery.