Title: CELEBRATING 2025 BLACK HISTORY MONTH LUMINARIES; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
77

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 2025 BLACK HISTORY MONTH LUMINARIES

HON.
MAXWELL FROST

Mr. FROST.
Mr. Speaker, Black History is American History.
The annual observance of Black History Month is more than a

chronological account of our past, it is that of our present and our

future.
It's about the joy, the culture, the resistance, the fight, and how

far Black Americans have come in this country.
Celebrating our Black communities and Black history is so important,

especially now, in times like this where values of diversity, equity

and inclusion are under attack.
But despite that we move forward in the steps of our ancestors and in

the steps of joy and resistance.
That is why it is my honor to

recognize the 2025 Black Luminaries of Florida's 10th Congressional

District who have transformed lives and inspired generations, these

luminaries are:

Dr. Laine Powell--Founder and Executive Director of Tech

Sassy Girlz.
Ms. Eloise Abraham--Executive Director of Guardian Care

Nursing and Rehabilitation Center.
Lashea C. Reaves--Executive Director of 8 cent in a Jar.
Inez Long (posthumously)--Long-time President and CEO of

the Black Business Investment Fund (BBIF) Florida, and co-

founder of the African American Alliance of CDFI CEOs.
Dr. Jeffrey Redding--2019 winner of the prestigious Grammy

award, The Music Educator Award and a UCF Director of Choral

Activities.
Mr. Omari Jones--Boxing Bronze medalist from the 2024

Olympics.
Alvin Cowans--President/CEO at McCoy Federal Credit Union.
Gene Martin--Founder & Executive Director--Route 7.
Retired Elder/Reverend Henry L. Postell, II.--Owner of

Postell Mortuary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OUR 2025 SPRING INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO

CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

group of interns who have supported the work of the 20th District of

California this spring.
These bright and driven young people--serving

in my Washington, D.C. office and my Bakersfield, California office--

have brought a spirit of dedication and enthusiasm that enriched our

team.
At a time when many young Americans are questioning the role of

public service, their eagerness to engage with the federal government

on behalf of their communities offers real encouragement for the future

of our Nation.
With their time in Congress reaching its close, I want to extend my

heartfelt thanks to Jonathan Clark, Justin Gibbins, and Jack Putrino

for their work in my Washington, D.C. office, and Ava Dykes for her

service in my Bakersfield, California office.
Their hard work and

dedication have been invaluable, and I hope that the experiences gained

here will serve them well in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 74TH BIRTHDAY OF ERIC L. THOMPSON, SR.
HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

74th birthday of Eric L. Thompson, Sr.
Born on April 3, 1951 in

Chicago, Illinois.
Eric has been a lifelong resident of Chicago and a

beloved member of our community.
As a young man, Eric was inspired by the civil rights advocacy of his

parents, who frequently worked with my father, Reverend Jesse L.

Jackson, Sr.
to advance civil rights through Operation Rainbow PUSH.
Eric attended Augustana College and later went on to start his own

businesses, T&T Food Service, and Eridor Food Service, Inc., named in

honor of his sons, Eric and Dorian.
Through his hard work and keen

business skills, Eric has grown his businesses into the preeminent food

service providers in the Chicago area.
In addition to being an accomplished businessman, Eric is also known

for his friendly spirit and kindness.
To know Eric is to know a friend.