He dedicated his mission

to informing the community on the impact of sarcoidosis to patients and

transform the opinions of treatment.
Bernie used his celebrity to

support the Bernie Mac Sarcoidosis Translational Advanced Research

(STAR) Center at the University of Illinois Health Sciences System to

provide patients with outstanding care.
He was also passionate about

patients receiving evaluations in a timely, compassionate and courteous

manner for all forms of sarcoidosis.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life

and legacy of Bernard J. McCullough.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT AND SERVICE OF GARY JOHNSON

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

Gary Johnson on his retirement following a distinguished career

spanning more than four decades in engineering, construction, and

public service.
His legacy of leadership and service will continue to

inspire us for years to come.
As Vice President of Government Affairs and Industry Relations for

Granite Construction Company, Mr. Johnson has been a tireless advocate

for infrastructure investment, sound regulatory policy, and industry

collaboration.
His leadership has helped shape national conversations

around transportation, construction materials, and sustainable

development.
Before assuming this role, Mr. Johnson led strategic

planning and aggregate resource development at Granite, applying his

deep technical expertise to ensure responsible resource management.
Prior to joining Granite in 2002, Mr. Johnson held senior leadership

roles with a nationwide engineering consulting firm, Mine Reclamation

LLC, and the Santa Rosa Group Corporation.
His diverse experience

across public and private sectors underscores his commitment to

advancing engineering innovation and environmental stewardship.
Mr. Johnson earned both his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science

in Civil Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin and is a

Registered Professional Engineer in the state of Texas.
Beyond his

professional accomplishments, Gary holds an impressive record of public

service, including his tenure as Chair of the Colorado River Region of

the California Regional Water Quality Control Board from 2000 to 2006.
Throughout his career, Mr. Johnson has been known not only for his

technical acumen and policy insight, but for his integrity,

collaborative spirit, and unwavering dedication to building a better,

more connected America.
On behalf of California's 8th Congressional District, I extend my

heartfelt congratulations to Gary Johnson on his well-deserved

retirement.
We wish him the very best in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
119; and YEA on Roll Call No.
120.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HANNAH DICKINSON, GOLD AWARD

HON.
W. GREGORY STEUBE

Mr. STEUBE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me

in congratulating Hannah Dickinson.
Hannah is a member of Sandy Beaches

Service Unit within Girl Scouts of Southeast Florida, and has

exemplified extraordinary leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a

demonstrated commitment to making a lasting, positive impact, by

earning the most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing

to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities and the

world with measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1-2 years, Gold Award Girl

Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and leadership,

distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their resourcefulness and

perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to truly make the world a

better place.