Thank you, Mr Speaker, and a very happy birthday to the Clerk of the House.
As we have heard time and again today, and in the past few weeks, the Government’s jobs tax could cost £2.8 billion to the Department’s sectors—to the arts, sport, music, hospitality and tourism.
Was the Secretary of State blindsided by the Budget, as the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs claims, or was she aware of that?
Has she, as we have asked several times, done a sector-by-sector impact assessment?
If not, why not?
If so, will she publish it?
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that unlike the previous Government, we do actually like one another and work together across Government, so I had a number of discussions about the Budget with my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor in advance.
She is very aware of the importance of creative industries, and of all our sectors, to the UK economy.
That is why we have put them at the heart of our industrial strategy and our economic plan.
We are working closely with the industries to make sure that they continue to thrive.
So it sounds like the right hon.
Lady did know, which is interesting, given that she cares about charities as much as I do.
They face a £1.4 billion bill.
When they needed help the most, we gave them £100 million.
Her Government are now going to take 14 times that amount back from them.
We heard yesterday that the Teenage Cancer Trust will have to find an extra £300,000, and Marie Curie reports having to find nearly £3 million.
Where does the Secretary of State suggest that such organisations find the money to pay this charity tax, and who will fill the gaps if charities have to scale back on their work as a result of this Government’s decisions?
Under the last Government, charities faced a perfect storm.
Not only did they receive very little support from the Government—in fact, they were silenced and gagged, and were told by one charities Minister that they should be “sticking to their knitting”, which, in my view, was deeply offensive—but they had to deal with the rising pressures of the cost of living crisis, and the mess that the right hon.
Gentleman’s party was making of running the country.
Our Government are determined to take action on this, and we were elected on a pledge to do so.
As I have told the right hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues previously, we are protecting our charities, as was announced in the Budget, and I will take no lectures from the Conservatives on how to run this country.
In 2021, the UK exported £9.1 billion-worth of creative goods and £45.6 billion-worth of creative services, but we can and must do better.
May I press the Secretary of State on what she is doing to support the creative industries’ co-ordinated strategy for growth?
rose— rose— Which one?
Who wants it?
You can see how eager we are, Mr Speaker.
We are champing at the bit to support the creative industries.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Norfolk (Ben Goldsborough)  will know, we have announced  a series of measures over the last few months to support these industries, including tax credits for independent film and special effects.
We are broadening the curriculum to ensure that there is a pathway enabling young people to work in the creative industries, and we have held an international investment summit, to which the industries were central.
We will be announcing more in due course.
Council-owned arts centres in my Oxfordshire constituency, such as Cornerstone in Didcot and the Beacon in Wantage, face rising energy and staffing costs.
Given that most external funding sources do not support operating costs, will the Secretary of State press her Cabinet colleagues to back multi-year funding settlements for local government, to help art and culture to thrive?
Yes!
Since the announcement of my Sale of Tickets (Sporting and Cultural Events) Bill, which makes provision for transparency on ticket prices, I have been deluged with suggestions and support worldwide from people who do not want another Oasis-style ticket scam.
Will Ministers meet me to discuss working together on this, given the chance that on 6 December, Opposition Members’ shenanigans will sink the thing without trace?