The Budget has created a perfect storm for hospitality and tourism businesses across the country.
UKHospitality is sounding the alarm, saying that the Budget is a “blow” for the tourism and hospitality sectors.
According to the Minister’s impact assessment, how many jobs will be created as a result of lowering the national insurance threshold, and how many businesses will close, as we suspect they will?
What does his impact assessment tell him will be the impact on ethnic minority communities, women, and those with disabilities for whom the tourism and hospitality sector is a huge employer?
Will he tell the House whether he even has an impact assessment for one of the most damaging and regressive taxes that we will ever see?
With that list of questions, I think the shadow Minister needs a debate.
The irony is, we have already had two debates on these issues in the last fortnight—thanks to you, Mr Speaker.
First, I welcome the hon.
Member to his place and his new responsibilities.
I look forward to working with him.
The truth of the matter is that the tourism industry has really struggled over the last few years, partly because of Brexit and partly because of covid.
Under the last few years of the Conservative Government, it did not get back to its pre-covid level of 41 million visitors to the UK—it is now at 38 million.
As I said, I want us to get to 50 million by 2030.
The only way we are going to do that is if we significantly improve the offer at every stage of the experience of visitors coming to the United Kingdom.
Yes, there are undoubtedly challenges for the hospitality industry—I said this in a speech yesterday afternoon—but the thing that really worries me is that historically we in this country have seen a job in the industry as something that someone has to do when they have not got another job.
I want to change that so that it is a career to be proud of; something respectable that someone might do for their whole life.
Whether she has had recent representations from society lotteries on the potential merits of zero-rating those organisations under any future statutory levy on gambling operators.
As set out in a written ministerial statement yesterday, the Government will introduce a statutory levy on gambling operators, which was a commitment made as part of the gambling White Paper in 2023.
Society lotteries will be charged the levy at the lowest rate of 0.1%.
I know that they are a vital fundraising tool for many charities, community groups and sports clubs up and down the country.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Minister clearly recognises, as we all do, the contribution that society lotteries make to our constituencies through various organisations.
Does she recognise that not-for-profit society lotteries will have to fund any levy due from their charitable return, which the sector, and I think many of us, feel amounts to a charity tax?
My understanding was that the levy came after the money had gone to good causes, but I am not the Gambling Minister, who sits in the other place.
I will happily arrange a meeting for the right hon.
Member with the Gambling Minister.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure the community wealth fund supports communities in Dudley constituency.
The Government are committing to ensure that the community wealth fund delivers meaningful benefits across England.
That is why we have allocated £87.5 million of dormant assets  funding towards it.
We will set out our position on the key design principles of the community wealth fund shortly.
Given that Russells Hall in Dudley ranks on the local index in the top 2% of areas with the greatest need and that nearly half of working-age residents rely on benefits, will the Minister confirm what steps the Government will be taking to target places like mine that are doubly disadvantaged?