The Minister with responsibility for sport graciously met me to discuss the future of London Irish in my Spelthorne constituency, and she undertook to ensure that the club would get the meeting with Sport England that it so desperately desired.
Can the Minister give us an update?
I was grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for coming to speak to me about this issue.
I will speak to my officials and make sure that we approach Sport England very speedily.
I would like to highlight the richly deserved King’s award for voluntary service that has been given to the 60 volunteers at Newby and Scalby library in Scarborough.
The library’s services are innovative, including a summer reading challenge for children, an IT buddy service and a garden growing produce.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Newby and Scalby library on its award, and on the enormous contribution that it makes to our community in Scarborough?
I am very happy to congratulate Newby and Scalby library.
I thank my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to the enormous work that libraries do in helping to promote children’s literacy in this country, which could not be more important.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What assessment the Church has made of the potential impact of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill on Church-owned hospices.
What assessment the Church has made of the potential impact of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill on Church-owned hospices.
Churches nationwide provide chaplaincy and grief counselling services to hospices, patients and their families.
Many modern hospices started off as Church-affiliated institutions thanks to the pioneering work of Dame Cicely Saunders.
They are largely now affiliated to Hospice UK, which supports over 200 hospices across the UK, including the Royal Trinity hospice, near my constituency of Battersea.
Only a third of adult hospices in the UK receive funding from the state.
The rest rely on charitable support, and there is considerable concern that the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill may divert much-needed funds from frontline care.
Hospices have charitable aims to provide palliative care at the end of life, but these could be compromised by the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, which comes before the House tomorrow.
What consultation and impact assessment of this measure has there been with hospices that have a faith foundation?
I am hearing that some hospices need an exemption, or they might close.
I do not believe there has been consultation with any faith-connected organisations, and I do not believe that an impact assessment has been carried out.
However, Hospice UK, the body to which most Church-associated hospices are affiliated, has surveyed providers, staff and practitioners, who have expressed concerns about the Bill’s implementation.
They are concerned about the following: who will qualify; the impact on those working in hospices, palliative care and end of life care; the ability of providers and staff to opt out; the practical operation of a conscience clause; the financial impact on the future funding of hospices; and the lack of public awareness of end of life care and the available choices.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm whether Church-owned hospices will work with independent hospices and other organisations to mitigate the potential impact of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, and to issue a statement from across the sector?