May I commend the report from the House of Lords Communications and Digital Committee, entitled “The future of news”?
It highlights the threat from the unauthorised use of news content to train AI models.
Will the Secretary of State consider, as a matter of urgency, strengthening the legislation in this area, and consider the introduction of a licensing scheme, as the report recommends?
I know that this matter is of huge concern not just to the right hon.
Gentleman but to the Chair of the Select Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage) , and to many other Members.
As he knows, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has responsibilities in both this Department and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and has taken a keen interest in the issue.
We have read the report and are considering its recommendations, and I will shortly be in a position to update the right hon.
Gentleman on the action that the Government intend to take.
Hazlerigg Victory Club is just one of many fantastic football clubs in my constituency  that are run by local champions for the benefit of our community.
They have said that pitches are too often of poor quality, and are eye-wateringly expensive to hire.
How can we ensure that that the big Dan Burns and Grace Donnellys of the future have access to appropriate facilities?
Our Government are acutely aware that there are not enough facilities in communities in the UK to keep pace with demand.
We know that these facilities are a visible symbol of whether we value our children and young people, whether we value those communities, and whether we stand with them.
We are working with the Football Association and the Premier League to create new state-of-the-art facilities across the country to inspire the stars of the future, and I would be glad to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend to ensure that it is of benefit to her.
In Brighton Pavilion, we love our grassroots music venues, and we often need to make robust use of the “agent of change” principle to protect them when it comes to licensing and planning, but it is hard work to enforce that and ensure that it happens.
Is the Minister having any discussions with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government about putting the “agent of change” principle on a statutory footing?
Those meetings have already taken place and will continue to take place.
The hon.
Lady makes a very good point.
I have visited Brighton Pavilion many times, so I know that other music venues there can, I hope, come online in the near future.
I know that the Secretary of State met Ed Sheeran last week—she has told me about it about 25 times—to discuss precisely that issue.
A recent report by the Federation of Small Businesses Wales highlights the thriving creative businesses that exist in coastal areas like mine.
What can the Secretary of State do to increase awareness of them and ensure that the next round of the creative clusters programme focuses on areas such as Clwyd North?
I was very pleased to visit Blackpool recently to see the incredible work that Blackpool pleasure beach is doing.
Coastal communities have an enormous role to play in our creative industries, and we are absolutely determined to do everything we can to support them.
They have a very special place in the life of the nation; I think most people holidayed there as children.
We hope that they continue to thrive, and I will be in a position to update the House soon.
Mountbatten hospice, which serves my constituency and Hampshire more widely, receives 70% of its income through charitable donations.
It has told me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight East (Joe Robertson)  that its viability is under risk because of the national insurance contributions policy that this Government have brought forward.
Can the Secretary of State outline what pressure she will put on the Treasury to make sure that the policy changes?
The charitable sector is in real danger because of this Government’s decisions.
My right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary and I have already had a discussion about the situation facing hospices.
He is acutely aware of it, and is working with the hospice movement in order to provide the best possible support.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Newton Aycliffe youth football club on being runner-up in FA club of the year in Durham, and will she join me in congratulating all the parents, volunteers and young people involved in grassroots sports?