Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I echo my support for the issue raised hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)—my sister had epilepsy and required lifesaving brain surgery when she was young, so I know the impact it has on families and individuals.
The Leader of the House will know that I previously asked her about the Typhoon assembly line at the Wharton site.
Since then, I have asked questions of Defence Ministers in Ukraine statements; I have requested a meeting with the Secretary of State for Defence; I have met the unions; and I have submitted a written question to see whether the order for 24 Typhoon jets for the RAF is included in the Budget.
It is not, and we have since heard rumours that the RAF may wish to have American-produced F-35s instead of British-produced Typhoon fighters.
I then submitted a further written question to ask what the plans are to support businesses such as BAE Systems to maintain the workforce that they need for the global combat air programme, and I have received an absolute word salad of an answer talking about partnership working and future procurement strategies.
Can we have a statement from the Ministry of Defence on its plans for this important area for sovereign defence capabilities and for jobs in Fylde and across Lancashire?
It sounds like the hon.
Gentleman has been incredibly diligent and innovative in all the different ways that he has tried to get a straight answer.
I will look into the examples that he has given that have not been quite what he expected.
He is in my region, and he is right that the Typhoon is an important part of the north-west defence industry.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard his full question and I will ask that, at the very least, he gets a full reply, if not a statement to the House.
Tuesday was a proud day for Aylesbury, as Dylan Bachelet reached the final of the “Great British Bake Off”.
A former student of Sir Henry Floyd grammar school, aged just 20, he rose to the occasion again and again throughout the series with his dough-lightful creations.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Dylan and thanking him for inspiring so many young people to achieve their dreams?
I love these questions.
I congratulate Dylan, who I understand Paul Hollywood nicknamed the “flavour king”.
In my office here in the House we have a weekly bake-off, so if Dylan wants to participate in or judge it he is welcome any time, but he must bring the cake.
Oven-ready questions are not acceptable.
Would the Leader of the House grant a general debate in Government time on attitudes to ceasefires?
Following the welcome ceasefire in the middle east, Hezbollah supporters there tried to claim a victory yesterday, reminiscent of IRA supporters in west Belfast doing likewise.
Could we have a debate to ensure that the general public know that peace is welcome, but not people trying to turn peace into a victory parade?
I think we can all welcome the ceasefire in Lebanon and hope that efforts for a ceasefire in Gaza are successful soon.
At the end of the day, we all want a peaceful solution, and we need a political route to a two-state solution, so a ceasefire is only the beginning of a process.
It is really important that trust is maintained and that we can work towards that long-term sustainable peace.
If anyone wants evidence of what a Labour Government can do, they need look no further than the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
Within weeks of coming into office, the scheme got £1.5 billion returned, which has made a huge difference to nearly 1,000 of my constituents.
Yet the British coal staff superannuation scheme, which is subject to similar arrangements, has not seen such a return of funds.
Could we have a debate in Government time to get to the bottom of this crucial issue?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
One of the Government’s proudest achievements since the election is following through on their commitment to transfer the mineworkers’ pension scheme and all the benefits that it has brought to constituents such as hers.
I will raise the issue of the British coal staff superannuation scheme, and I will ensure that she gets a full reply.
Earlier this week, along with Members across the House, I attended the drop-in session organised by the Royal National Institute of Blind People.
One of the stands at the session outlined the difficulties that blind and partially sighted people have in exercising their vote on election day.
Will the Leader of the House find time for a debate on how blind, partially sighted and other disabled people are able to exercise their vote?
Much work has been done in recent years, but there is still more to do.