The hon.
Member raises an important matter, which was also raised with me on a previous occasion by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
We have such a debate today, albeit about Pakistan, and he is absolutely right to highlight these issues.
We support freedom of religion or belief everywhere, and that includes in Bangladesh.
I will certainly ask Foreign Office Ministers to look at coming forward with a statement about what is happening to Hindus in Bangladesh.
My constituent Amir Khan’s beloved daughter Sanna was in her first year at university when she died in her sleep from sudden unexpected death in epilepsy, also known as SUDEP.
Ten people every week die of SUDEP, many of them young people, yet with the right research and more public awareness, this number could be reduced.
Will the Leader of the House allocate time for a debate on this under-reported issue, to give some comfort to families such as Mr Khan’s?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue that has been brought to him by his constituents, and may I send my condolences to Sanna’s family and friends?
I did not realise quite how many people were affected by SUDEP, and I think this would make a really good Adjournment debate.
The Government are committed to supporting people with epilepsy and their families, but I think he should consider a further debate to highlight these issues.
Members may recall that large parts of Northamptonshire and Bedfordshire were flooded after heavy rainfall in September, including Grendon in my constituency.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Environment Secretary to make a statement to the House on when local authorities can expect to receive the extra funding to aid recovery that he promised when he visited my area, given that in the meantime, with Storm Bert, areas such as Bugbrooke in my constituency have been flooded severely again?
I know that the hon.
Member has raised the issue of flooding in her constituency before.
I was really pleased that the Environment Secretary came to  the House on Monday to give a flooding update to the whole House.
If she was in attendance at that statement, she would have heard about the very challenging circumstances of our flood defences that we inherited from the previous Government.
We are taking quick action to establish the flood resilience taskforce and to put in extra resources for additional flooding support, but I will ensure that he has heard what she has asked.
My constituents John and Susan recently got in touch with me about their son Tom.
Tom is an autistic man who lives in an assisted living facility and receives one-to-one support seven days a week.
John and Susan told me that he will never be able to work.
Tom’s benefit is being moved from employment and support allowance to universal credit as part of the managed migration process.
Despite his needs not changing, Tom will be £1,300 a year worse off.
Will the Leader of the House allow time to discuss what assessment the Government have made to ensure that disabled people’s quality of life is considered throughout the managed migration process?
That sounds like an important constituency case, and I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions gets my hon.
Friend a full response on why her constituent is finding himself worse off under the managed migration process.
If my hon.
Friend were to apply for an Adjournment debate on that, I am sure she would get it.
I have constituents who live on the Somerset levels who are 90 years young.
They have limited mobility and do not have mobile phones.
Three months ago BT cut them off in the process of changing their landline to digital—something they did not request.
They do not even have broadband, and they lost access to their emergency alarms.
It took a month of pleading by their son and neighbours, and masses of calls.
BT said that they were a priority as vulnerable people, but nearly a fortnight ago the landline went off again.
Openreach says there is nothing wrong with their copper line, and everyone is trying to get them sorted out.
All they want is a decent service on their landline and their old number back.
May we have a debate about what BT’s priority register actually means, and how it might improve its service for more vulnerable residents?
For the hon.
Lady’s 90-years-young constituents such issues are incredibly vital and important.
We must ensure that the transition to digital is completely inclusive, and that those who rely on landline and analogue systems are also supported, especially when they live in a rural community such as the one she describes.
I am sure BT will have heard her question, and if not I will ensure that it has and that it gets a proper service back to those constituents who need it.
My original question was answered in the clear reply from the Leader of the House to  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , but do not worry—I brought a back-up.
Thanks to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, we have £50 million of investment for Eden Project Morecambe, and yesterday I spoke to Ministers about the importance  of renewing our high streets.
May we have a debate on how we ensure that local businesses and small and medium-sized enterprises thrive in the context of large new attractions such as Eden Project Morecambe?