In the report of the archbishops’ commission on reimagining care, which I chaired, we recognise the important role of churches and faith communities in supporting older and disabled people.
The report asked the Church of England to consider developing resources and capacity in local churches “to adopt an asset-based approach to engaging with disabled people and older people in their communities.”
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on what action the Church is taking to fulfil that recommendation?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for chairing the archbishops’ commission.
Along with the pastoral visits made by clergy, resources are made  available nationally for disabled people or those who are housebound.
They include Sunday services broadcast online on YouTube, each week from a different parish, which have thousands of unique viewers each week and for which British Sign Language interpretation is available.
There is the DailyHope telephone line and the Everyday Faith app, with readings and reflections, which is used by 3 million individuals and has been downloaded over 14 million times.
There is also the Daily Prayer app, with morning and evening prayer, which has reached over 2.75 million unique listeners since 2021.
Churches Together South Tyneside does amazing work through its Happy at Home hub, providing a range of services to the lonely and the isolated.
Will my hon.
Friend expand a little more on the Church’s wider pastoral duties towards those in the greatest need?
Again, I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the wonderful work taking place in her constituency.
Churches together groups do a fantastic job in tackling the scourge of isolation and loneliness.
There are other projects that started recently to support parishes with the physical accessibility of their buildings, including church halls and other facilities.
Without the LPW grant scheme, the adaptation of some of our most historic churches would be harder to deliver at pace.
What steps the Church is taking to ensure the preservation of historic churches in Northumberland.
The historic churches of Northumberland are among the oldest and most architecturally significant in our country.
Any church can apply for support from the £11 million Buildings for Mission fund.
The diocese of Newcastle is very grateful for the support of the Northumbria Historic Churches Trust and other local grant-making bodies.
My hon.
Friend may also want to encourage his parishes to approach some of these excellent charities.
St Mary’s Church in Woodhorn in my constituency has not been in operation for worship since 1973.
It is one of the oldest, most historic churches in Northumberland, if not the country.
It is under the care of Northumberland county council now, but it is in a dilapidated state.
Can my hon.
Friend give me some advice on who I can contact within the Church to see whether it can support the church to ensure that it is part not just of the history of our wonderful county, but of its future?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights that St Mary’s church in his constituency is one of the oldest, and it is a charming example of wonderful architecture.
I understand some of the challenges that he mentions, as the church has been closed for a long period of time.
It would be wonderful to see churches such as that reopen—we would all like to see churches open as opposed to closed, as many of them are.
As a grade I listed building on the National Heritage List for England, it is eligible for grants for repairs and renovations.
I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend with a list of grant-making bodies.
I will ask Church House for further advice on who he can speak to, as well as working together to see whether we can get his church reopened.
It is not just in Northumberland where there are many historic churches.
The village of Ashby cum Fenby in my constituency has recently shown that the local community will come together to support their local church, but vital to that is leadership.
With priests spread throughout so many different parishes, it becomes more and more difficult to provide that leadership.
Can the hon.
Lady give an assurance that the Church will do all it can to ensure that our smaller villages are not neglected, and that there are regular services and leadership by the ordained priest?
There is only a tenuous link there, so good luck with that.
I agree with you, Mr Speaker, but I congratulate the hon.
Member on trying so diligently on that question.
What I will say is that I will happily write to him with a response to that, if that is okay.
What assessment the Church has made of the effectiveness of the Anglican Al-Ahli hospital in Gaza.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for turning our attention to Gaza.
Only 12 of Gaza’s 36 hospital are still in operation, offering mainly basic care.
The Anglican-run Al-Ahli hospital has remained operational despite facing huge difficulties, thanks to   the dedication of its hard-working staff and the leadership of its director, Suhaila Tarazi.
Last week, it was announced that the hospital is to receive £3.4 million of support from the UN Development Programme as well as the Palestinian American Medical Association, but this vital work cannot begin without an immediate ceasefire and a pathway to peace.