Last week, I attended the citizenship network launch at Parliament organised by Citizens UK and met people from my constituency who came to this country years ago to build a better life.
They have lived and worked here, raised their families here and contributed to society and the economy, and having spent a considerable amount of money they still find themselves unable to become British citizens.
Will the Leader of the House please make time for a debate in the House to discuss better routes to citizenship so that those who are legally entitled to be in this country can become British citizens like the rest of us?
Becoming a British citizen and routes to citizenship would make for an excellent Backbench Business debate.
As I did not say it earlier, I will now encourage colleagues from across the House to really make use of the Backbench Business Committee and put in applications.
That would be an excellent application.
I have already mentioned this morning that Bath is a city of music.
Today marks the release of “Love is Enough”, a Christmas song written by six young carers and performed by Bath Philharmonia’s young carers choir and our Liberal Democrat leader—yes, he is branching out into music.
More than anything, the release highlights the plight of young carers and the challenges they face, particularly when it comes to disruption to their education and social isolation.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Bath Philharmonia’s young carers choir and wish “Love is Enough” every success?
I wish the song “Love is Enough” from the young carers choir every success in its attempts to get in the charts.
I have to say that I am not quite sure what is worse, or better: the leader of the Liberal Democrats in a wetsuit or in a Christmas jumper.
I will leave that for the House to decide.
I very much welcome the Government’s recent introduction of respect orders, which are much needed.
Indeed, in my constituency of Rossendale and Darwen, we have recently seen a big increase in antisocial behaviour, with a spike in places such as Rawtenstall bus station and Bacup town centre.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that co-operation is key in such situations?
On the one hand, it is vital that all incidents are properly reported to police, but, on the other hand, police should be proactively communicating with town centre businesses and residents, responding visibly to what they are experiencing and not just relying on arm’s length data.
With that in mind, will she agree to a debate on effective town centre policing?
Yet again, my hon.
Friend raises a matter that is really important to the constituents of Rossendale and Darwen.
He is a regular attender at these sessions, for which I give him great credit.
He will know that just this week we announced new measures to bring in respect orders, which will see repeat perpetrators of antisocial behaviour subject to tough restrictions.
That, together with our plans for an extra 13,000 neighbourhood police officers, will help tackle the scourge of antisocial behaviour in many of our town centres.