Does the Church Commissioner agree that hospices are about comforting the dying and surrounding them with care?
Is that not the very antithesis of the state involving itself in sanctioning and assisting suicide?
If we think back to the founder of hospice care, it was founded on the principles of faith and Jesus Christ.
It is only right that those principles of care and compassion ring true in ensuring that hospice care is there for those who need it.
The very ethos of Church-owned hospices is the sanctity of life, on which the Bible is very clear.
Church-owned hospices will reflect that in what they do.
Does the Church Commissioner share my concern about the potential conflict that could arise between Church-owned hospices and this House following the outcome of tomorrow’s debate on the assisted dying Bill?
Does she share my concern about the sanctity of life and agree with me about the importance of making sure that we keep people alive?
Hospices and palliative care play an important role in end of life care.
I believe that we need to fund those services properly before we consider moving towards legislating for assisted dying.
What steps the Church is taking to preserve historic places of worship.
What progress the Church Commissioners have made on reducing the backlog of works to restore parish churches and cathedrals.
The national Church institutions have invested £11 million in the Buildings for Mission fund, which provides money for repairs, specialist advice and grants to parishes of up to £12,000 for small-scale urgent work.
Buildings for Mission can also be used to pay for essential improvements to church missions and ministries, such disability access, toilets or even a community kitchen.
My constituency is home to many historic churches that continue to be much loved by their communities.
They include St John’s church in Bromsgrove, which dates from 12th century but was predominantly constructed in the 14th and 15th centuries.
The church has had to raise many hundreds of thousands of pounds for the upkeep and maintenance of its spire.
Key to that is the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What conversations have taken place between the Government and the Church regarding the preservation of that scheme?
St John’s church in Bromsgrove is a perfect example because, having raised the funds, it is preparing to undertake urgent work to its spire, with an anticipated project cost of roughly £452,000, but it could reclaim around £90,000 through the listed places of worship grant.
As the hon.
Gentleman probably knows, the scheme has paid out £317 million since it was introduced in 2001 by the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, and has assisted over 13,000 places.
The scheme currently receives around 7,000 applications per annum and has a budget of £42 million.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has assessed the scheme on numerous occasions.
It delivers the fairest possible system of making grants.
St Andrew’s parish church and Holy Trinity church in my constituency are both listed buildings that provide vital community services.
The former is saving for a heat pump and the latter for a new roof.
They were hoping to use the listed places of worship grant scheme to undertake the work, but because the scheme is due to expire next year, their future is uncertain.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in thanking the many churches across the UK and Kettering for the work that they do to serve our communities?
What plans are there for the future of the scheme?
My hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for the churches in her constituency.
I am pleased to hear her mention that St Andrew’s church is upgrading its heating system; hopefully, it will benefit from some funding from the listed places of worship grant scheme.
As I am sure will be said again in this question session, the scheme makes a huge difference to churches.
Many have to do a lot of fundraising in their communities, but being able to rely on the scheme helps to cover some of the costs.
What steps the Church is taking to mitigate the impact of the potential withdrawal of the listed places of worship grant scheme in March 2025.
What recent discussions the Church has had with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on whether the listed places of worship grant scheme will continue after March 2025.
The listed places of worship grant scheme, which is clearly dominating questions today, enables VAT to be refunded for repairs to our oldest and most precious churches and religious buildings.
Without access to the scheme, parishes will find it harder to fund essential repairs, and they will have to spend more time on fundraising and less time on the needs of their local communities.
I understand that the Bishop of Bristol and the National Churches Trust have written to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to ask for a meeting.
I hope that my right hon.
Friend will meet them in the near future, as time is of the essence.
In rural areas like the Weald of Kent, our churches are vital public buildings, providing somewhere not just for the spiritual life of our villages and towns, but for their civic life.
Given the impending withdrawal of the listed places of worship grant scheme, what is being done to support churches like St Mildred’s in Tenterden?
It plays a vital role in the town, especially now that the town hall is closed for refurbishment, and it relies on the scheme to make essential repairs.
The hon.
Lady has spoken about the importance of the scheme, but will it be extended?
As the hon.
Lady will agree, I am not the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, so I cannot give her a decision on that.
However, she rightly highlights the vital role that churches play as a cornerstone of all our communities, up and down the country, alongside their role of providing community  and spiritual leadership.
Like her, I hope that the scheme will continue.
I congratulate her and her colleagues on writing to the Secretary of State, and I hope they will get a response in the near future.
On Bedfordshire Day, I want to put on record my appreciation for everyone who works so hard in our county to make it such a wonderful place.
That includes constituents who are passionate about preserving St Botolph’s church in Aspley Guise.
They are working hard to raise tens of thousands of pounds for their tower restoration project and expect work to start early next year.
However, they are concerned that without the listed places of worship grant scheme, works will become much more expensive and may not be able to proceed.
Will the Church Commissioner meet me to discuss how we can continue to support historic churches such as St Botolph’s?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in congratulating all those who work in our communities and churches.
I will be delighted to meet him to see what assistance can be provided for the parish.
I understand that St Botolph’s has a target of £175,000 for extensive repairs to the tower.
It has already secured £141,000 in donations from the local community and is awaiting decisions on a number of grants.
I congratulate the whole congregation and the community on their fundraising efforts to reach that huge figure.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point and shares a good example of why the scheme is so important.
What steps the Church is taking to support people that are housebound due to a disability.
What steps the Church is taking to support people that are housebound due to a disability.