The Greatest Generation commemorative coin designs are emblematic of

the National World War II Memorial and the service and sacrifice of

American soldiers and civilians during World War II.
We hope this

program will honor their courage and their spirit.
It is our pleasure

to assist the Friends of the National World War II Memorial in their

efforts to teach the lessons of yesterday to unite the generations of

tomorrow.
Thank you all very much.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RENEWABLE FUEL FOR OCEAN-GOING VESSELS ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to co-sponsor the

``Renewable Fuel for Ocean-Going Vessels Act'' (H.R. 6681), with

Representatives Mariannette Miller-Meeks (R-IA01), Nikki Budzinski (D-

IL13), and Carlos A. Gimenez (R-FL28).
This bipartisan bill would make

maritime biofuel fully eligible under the U.S. Environmental Protection

Agency's (USEPA) Renewable Fuel Standard, which currently only applies

to biofuels for motor vehicles, airplanes, locomotives and, in limited

circumstances, recreational boating or vessels on inland waterways.
Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109-58), Congress

authorized the federal Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), which works to

simultaneously reduce transportation-related emissions from fossil

fuels and support domestic agriculture, forestry, and biofuels

manufacturing.
However, current law excludes otherwise eligible

biofuels for ocean-going vessels.
No rationale was ever provided for

this exclusion in the Congressional hearing record or Committee reports

for the 2005 and 2007 Energy Bills.
This arbitrary, counterproductive exclusion denies the burgeoning

advanced biofuels and renewable natural gas industries in the United

States important maritime customers.
Our bipartisan bill would fix this

problem by simply striking the exclusion, allowing domestic biofuels

producers to obtain an RFS credit for selling to customers in the Jones

Act and global maritime industries.
The United States Navy has even

sought to use renewable maritime fuels but has so far been stymied as

domestic blenders simply do not make renewable maritime fuel because of

this unnecessary exclusion.
To be clear, although modern engines for large vessels are

increasingly capable of burning advanced biofuels instead of heavy

bunker fossil fuels, our bipartisan bill would not require the use of

renewable fuel in all ocean-going vessels.
Instead, our bill would

merely expand the potential market for biofuels and remove a statutory

disincentive for developing renewable maritime fuels.
According to the USEPA's Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions

and Sinks from 1990 to 2021, the transportation sector accounted for

approximately 29 percent of greenhouse gas emissions nationally, the

largest of any economic sector.
Tackling the climate crisis requires

every industry to transition to cleaner, renewable fuels including the

international ocean shipping and cruise industries.
In July 2023, the

United Nations International Maritime Organization (IMO) adopted new

global standards to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from commercial

cargo vessels and cruise ships.
Our bipartisan ``Renewable Fuel for

Ocean-Going Vessels Act'' (H.R. 6681) would support the global maritime

industry's transition to alternative fuels like advanced biofuels and

renewable natural gas from methane capture.
Mr. Speaker, the federal Renewable Fuel Standard's exclusion of fuel

for ocean-going vessels, without any stated rationale, has created

unnecessary regulatory complexity, hindered the advanced biofuel and

renewable natural gas industries, and undermined the global effort to

reduce maritime emissions.
I encourage all Members of Congress to join

me in removing this outdated restriction by cosponsoring our bipartisan

the ``Renewable Fuel for Ocean-Going Vessels Act'' (H.R. 6681).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF CAPTAIN HOWARD McKINNEY, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Captain Howard

McKinney, U.S. Army, Retired, with a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
His excellent service to both the Army and our nation is

a shining example of citizenship and commitment to duty.
During his service, CPT McKinney served in Georgia, Louisiana, and

Vietnam where, as a Captain Infantry Platoon Leader, he led soldiers

directly into combat during several enemy engagements.