Last Congress, the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability

passed this bill.
Under the D.C. Home Rule Act, Congress established a maximum rate of

pay of the CFO, and the D.C. Council has no authority to increase that

rate.
Congress does not cap, or otherwise establish, the pay of any

other D.C. employee.
Under this bill, the CFO would be paid at the

greater of a rate equal to the current maximum rate of pay or a rate

established in law by D.C.

D.C. requested that I introduce this bill to enable it to retain and

recruit the best CFOs.
The D.C. CFO was established by Congress in

1995.
Congress vested the CFO with extraordinary powers and designed

the CFO to be independent of the D.C. Mayor and Council.
D.C. cannot

obligate or expend funds without the CFO's approval.
The CFO manages an

approximately $20 billion budget that consists of state, county and

city functions, and the CFO has more than 1,700 employees.
The CFO may

be removed only for cause by the Mayor, subject to the approval of two-

thirds of the Council and a 30-day congressional review and comment

period.
This bill would help maintain the independence of the CFO by

establishing a permanent floor on the CFO's pay and by prohibiting the

Council from reducing the CFO's pay during the CFO's term.
Although the D.C. CFO is the most powerful non-elected official in

D.C., more than 20 D.C. employees are paid more than the CFO.
D.C. must

compete with both the private and public sectors for high-quality CFOs,

and there are many private- and public-sector CFOs who are paid more

than the D.C. CFO.
This bill is critical to the financial operations of D.C. and is an

important step to increase home-rule authority for D.C. I urge my

colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OPPOSITION TO S.J. RES.
32, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF

THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION

RELATING TO ``SMALL BUSINESS LENDING UNDER THE EQUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY

ACT''

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my opposition to

S.J. Res.
32. [
the Provision on Congressional Disapproval of The Rule

Submitted By The Bureau Of Consumer Financial Protection Relating To

``Small Business Lending Under The Equal Credit Opportunity Act.
Mr. Speaker, the beginning of so many great American stories is built

around starting a small business in your family name, becoming a

foundation in your local community--making it in America.
Small businesses are major drivers of wealth creation in our overall

economy.
They account for two-thirds of net new jobs and nearly half of

our U.S. economic activity.
For many of them, that dream stalls with going to a bank and getting

a small business loan.
For many Americans, the sound of their name, the

color of their skin, the language that they speak or who they love can

doom that dream if a bank says that they are at risk.
This isn't hypothetical.
I, too, was born and raised in south Texas,

I can tell you that when I go home and I see some businesses that have

closed, I ask my family whether it was due to the pandemic, or no

demand for the

cost of services that they had.
I am told that they just had trouble

with finances, and they couldn't get a loan.
In some small rural areas, like where I grew up, there aren't credit

unions everywhere like there are in the city of Houston where I live

now.
Even in the city of Houston, many small businesses during the

pandemic couldn't secure a PPP loan in round one.
We [as Congress] had

to go in and do a carve-out to literally force the banks to provide

loans to small businesses.