Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Captain Howard

McKinney, U.S. Army, Retired, with a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
His excellent service to both the Army and our nation is

a shining example of citizenship and commitment to duty.
During his service, CPT McKinney served in Georgia, Louisiana, and

Vietnam where, as a Captain Infantry Platoon Leader, he led soldiers

directly into combat during several enemy engagements.
His

accomplishments did not go unnoticed with his many awards including a

Silver Star, Purple Heart, and an Army Commendation Medal.
CPT McKinney returned to Texas after his dedicated years of service.
With the extensive experience he acquired with his work with automated

tax systems, he started his own business, McKinney E-Systems &

Associates, Inc. in Austin.
Since retirement from the U.S. Army, he has

devoted his time, talents, and resources to family, church, community,

and veteran organizations.
I join CPT Howard McKinney's family, friends, and colleagues in

acknowledging his selflessness.
His fearless support and devotion to

service before himself makes him a worthy recipient of a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF COLONEL ROBERT R. GOSNEY, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the

extraordinary career of Colonel Robert R. Gosney, U.S. Army, Retired.
Throughout his life, he has dedicated himself to his country, fellow

warriors, and neighbors.
I am proud to present him with the

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
During his years of service in the U.S. Army, he went above and

beyond to serve his country.
COL Gosney was a master of many

assignments and responsibilities during two tours in Vietnam (where he

served alongside his brother), including various field artillery, army

aviation assignments, and commanding the 25th Infantry Division

Aviation Battalion.
COL Gosney also served as Chief of the U.S.

Military Mission in Monrovia, Liberia.
His commitment to service didn't end when he left the military as he

remains active in numerous community organizations.
COL Gosney was a

member of the Temple Founder Lions Club for 38 years, serving his

neighbors by identifying and responding to the needs of the community

as their main goal.
He also is a valued member of the Christ the King

Catholic Church and Knights of Columbus in Belton, TX.
He's made

lasting and indelible contributions that make Central Texas a place

we're all glad to call home.
COL Gosney's life tells the story of a man unafraid to contribute

both his time and energy to the defense of our nation and the

betterment of his community.
His devotion to service before self

reflects the best of the generous American spirit.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF FIRST LIEUTENANT DEBBIE ANN NASH-KING, U.S.

ARMY, RETIRED

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to present a

Congressional Veteran Commendation to First Lieutenant Debbie Ann Nash-

King, U.S. Army, Retired.
Her life and career reflect hard work,

activism, and dedication to what's best for her nation and Central

Texas.
After being commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States

Army, she attended the Medical Services Corp Officer's course and

completed her military tour as the Fort Hood Dental Clinic's company

commander.
Her contributions didn't go unnoticed as she earned various

commendations including the Army Achievement Medal, National Defense

Service Medal, and the Joint Meritorious Unit Award.
1LT Nash-King's commitment to service didn't end when she stepped

away from the military.
She's tirelessly supported her community by

volunteering and serving on a broad array of important organizations

and groups throughout the region, committing her talents and energies

to make the Lone Star State a great place to call home.
Currently, she

serves as the Mayor of Killeen.
Texas and has made lasting

contributions to the city that is home to Fort Cavazos.