``The rules are complicated and constantly changing, and

that alone creates an access barrier,'' Randell Leach, the

chief executive of Beneficial State Bank in Oakland, Calif.

Black and minority businesses suffer

Because lenders are not required to collect demographic

details on their borrowers, data on the Paycheck Protection

Program's racial breakdown has been scarce, but economists

have consistently found signs of gaps.
An analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted

that some counties with large numbers of Black-owned

businesses--most notably the Bronx, Queens and Wayne County,

Mich., which includes Detroit--had strikingly low

concentrations of the relief loans.
Majority-white ZIP codes

in several metropolitan areas had higher loan coverage than

ZIP codes with heavily minority populations, according to a

San Francisco Fed analysis released last month.
And data from the Small Business Administration shows the

relief effort's tilt.
The vast majority of lenders did not

report demographic data on the 3.6 million loans they made

this year, but of the 996,000 that included information on

the borrower's race, 71 percent of the dollars went to white-

owned businesses.
Pilar Guzman Zavala founded Half Moon Empanadas, a small

chain of restaurants, in Florida 12 years ago.
She employed

100 people before the pandemic and had established bank

accounts and years of detailed business records.
But Ms.

Zavala's application stalled at the first two lenders she

tried, forcing her to spend a month hunting before she

finally found a local bank that would process her loan.
She's grateful for the aid, which helped her hold on to 50

workers, but found the process infuriating.
``The financial system doesn't get to truly small business,

Hispanic businesses, women-owned businesses.
It just

doesn't,'' she said.
Of the 1,300 Paycheck Protection Program loans that

Southern Bancorp made last year, many went to customers who

had been turned away by larger banks, Mr. Williams said.
In a recent Federal Reserve survey, nearly 80 percent of

small-business owners who are Black or of Asian descent said

their companies were in weak financial shape, compared with

54 percent of white business owners.
And Black owners face

unique challenges.
While owners from all other demographics

told the Fed that their main problem at the moment was low

customer demand, Black respondents cited a different top

challenge: access to credit.
When Jenell Ross, who runs an auto dealership in Ohio,

sought a Paycheck Protection Program loan, her longtime bank

told

her to look elsewhere--a message that large banks like Bank

of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo delivered to

many of their customers in the program's frenzied early days.
Days later, she obtained a loan from Huntington Bank, a

regional lender, but the experience stung.
``Historically, access to capital has been the leading

concern of women- and minority-owned businesses to survive,

and during this pandemic it has been no different,'' Ms.

Ross, who is Black, told a House committee last year.
Community groups step in

Community lenders and aid organizations took a shoe-leather

approach to filling the gaps.
Last year, the American Business Immigration Coalition, an

advocacy group, worked with local nonprofits to create a

``community navigator'' program that sent outreach workers to

Black, minority and rural businesses in Florida, Illinois,

South Carolina and Texas.
They plowed through roadblocks,

Whac-a-Mole-style.
Language barriers were common.
Many business owners had

never sought a bank loan before.
Several didn't have an email

address and needed help creating one.
Some hadn't filed

taxes; the coalition hired two accountants to help people

sort out their financials.
``Our folks literally went door to door and walked people

through the process,'' said Rebecca Shi, the group's

executive director.
``It's time-consuming.''
The group's work netted $8 million in Paycheck Protection

Program loans for 219 businesses.
For those companies, the

help made a profound difference.