JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. William

``Bill'' Shepler for his years of service to the Mackinaw City

community and retirement as President of the Icebreaker Mackinaw

Maritime Museum Board of Directors.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, our country assumed

heavy demands on the war materials industry.
In order to sustain these

increased production needs, the United States Coast Guard icebreaker,

Cutter Mackinaw WAGB-83, was authorized for construction on December

17, 1941.
Until decommissioning, The Mackinaw proved to be an essential

facet of the Great Lakes' economy, colloquially becoming known as ``The

Queen of the Great Lakes.''
The Mackinaw was essential to the

maintenance of the shipping lanes of the Lakes, becoming responsible

for over 100 trapped ships being freed from ice blockages or buildups.
Following a long and successful career, the ship began its

decommissioning process and the City of Cheboygan attempted to find a

suitable home for The Mackinaw.
In August of 2004, Mr. Shepler, along

with Dick Moehl and Sandy Planisek, founded the Icebreaker Mackinaw

Maritime Museum in order to keep the ship in the Great Lakes.
Following

its successful development, the renowned icebreaker was decommissioned

on July 10, 2006, and was moored at its permanent berth on July 21,

2006.
With gratitude to the IMMM board of directors under the direction

of Bill Shepler, the Icebreaker Mackinaw Maritime Museum welcomed its

first visitors in the spring of 2007.
Visitors can now explore the

ship's 62-year history, making their way around the Mess Deck, Engine

Room, Captain's Quarters, Sick Bay, Galley, Navigation Room and more.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the dedicated efforts of Mr.

Bill Shepler in preserving our history, and I congratulate him on a

well-deserved retirement.
I'd like to wish Bill and the IMMM all the

best in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMARKS BY THE HONORABLE VENTRIS C. GIBSON UNITED STATES MINT DIRECTOR,

GREATEST GENERATION COMMEMORATIVE COIN DESIGN DISPLAY

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

remarks by the Honorable Ventris C. Gibson.
Good Afternoon.
It is a pleasure to be here to introduce

the designs for the 2024 Greatest Generation Commemorative

Coin Program.
Every day, across the Nation, the Mint connects

Americans through coins.
Next year, it will be our great

privilege to connect America to the service and sacrifice of

American soldiers and civilians during the Second World War.
The National World War II Memorial stands as an important

symbol of America's national unity, a timeless reminder of

the moral strength and power that flows when free people are

at once united and bonded together in a common and just cause

for liberty.
This is the first national memorial dedicated to

all who served during World War II and acknowledges the

commitment and achievement of the entire Nation.
It honors

the more than 16 million who served in the Armed Forces of

the United States, the more than 400,000 who died, and the

millions who supported the war effort from home.
Their legacy

is part of our American story.
Since the Mint's establishment in 1792, the women and men

story of our nation through enduring examples of numismatic

art.
As the largest mint in the world, the United States Mint

produces the coinage required by our Nation to conduct its

trade and commerce.
In addition, Congress authorizes a

maximum of two commemorative coin programs annually to

celebrate and honor American people, places, events, and

institutions.
I would like to thank Senator Browne,

Representative McHenry and Representative Waters for their

work to get the Greatest Generation out of their respective

committees and working with the sponsors, leadership and Mint

to ensure the language was correct and passed in time for

2024.