2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Space and Science

To hold hearings to examine government promotion of

safety and innovation in the new space economy.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine the impact of algorithms on

competition and consumer rights.
DECEMBER 14

9 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider subcommittee assignments for

the 118th Congress, S. 461, to make certain irrigation

districts eligible for Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin

Program pumping power, S. 594, to require the Secretary

prioritize the completion of the Continental Divide

National Scenic Trail, S. 636, to establish the Dolores

River National Conservation Area and the Dolores River

Special Management Area in the State of Colorado, to

protect private water rights in the State, S. 1118, to

establish the Open Access Evapotranspiration (OpenET)

Data Program, S. 1254, to designate and expand

wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the

State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in

Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as

wild and scenic rivers, S. 1348, to redesignate land

within certain wilderness study areas in the State of

Wyoming, S. 1521, to amend the Federal Power Act to

modernize and improve the licensing of non-Federal

hydropower projects, S. 1634, to provide for the

designation of certain wilderness areas, recreation

management areas, and conservation areas in the State

of Colorado, S. 1662, to direct the Secretary of the

Interior to convey to the Midvale Irrigation District

the Pilot Butte Power Plant in the State of Wyoming, S.

1776, to provide for the protection of and investment

in certain Federal land in the State of California, S.

1889, to provide for the recognition of certain Alaska

Native communities and the settlement of certain claims

under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1890,

to provide for the establishment of a grazing

management program on Federal land in Malheur County,

Oregon, S. 1955, to amend the Central Utah Project

Completion Act to authorize expenditures for the

conduct of certain water conservation measures in the

Great Salt Lake basin, S. 2160, to amend the Omnibus

Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize certain

extraordinary operation and maintenance work for urban

canals of concern, S. 2169, to authorize the Secretary

of the Interior to carry out watershed pilots, S. 2247,

to reauthorize the Bureau of Reclamation to provide

cost-shared funding to implement the endangered and

threatened fish recovery programs for the Upper

Colorado and San Juan River Basins, S. 2581, to extend

the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-

Determination Act of 2000, S. 2615, to amend the Alaska

Native Claims Settlement Act to provide that Village

Corporations shall not be required to convey land in

trust to the State of Alaska for the establishment of

Municipal Corporations, S. 3033, to withdraw certain

Federal land in the Pecos Watershed area of the State

of New Mexico from mineral entry, S. 3036, to require

the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the State of

Utah certain Federal land under the administrative

jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management within

the boundaries of Camp Williams, Utah, S. 3044, to

redesignate the Mount Evans Wilderness as the ``Mount

Blue Sky Wilderness'', S. 3045, to provide for the

transfer of administrative jurisdiction over certain

Federal land in the State of California, and S. 3046,

to make permanent the authority to collect Shasta-

Trinity National Forest marina fees.
9:30 a.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine substance use trends among

older adults.
10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the diabetes epidemic.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the Cyber Safety Review

Board, focusing on expectations, outcomes, and enduring

questions.