The program helped nearly seven million businesses retain

workers.
But it has also been plagued by complex, changing

rules at every stage of its existence.
And one year in, it

has become clear that the program's hasty rollout and design

hurt some of the most vulnerable businesses.
A New York Times analysis of data from several sources--

including the Small Business Administration, which is

managing the loan program--and interviews with dozens of

small businesses and bankers show that Black- and other

minority-owned businesses were disproportionately underserved

by the relief effort, often because they lacked the

connections to get access to the aid or were rejected because

of the program's rules.
Rollout was speedy

After Congress created the program in last year's CARES

Act, President Donald J. Trump's administration--especially

his Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin--put a priority on

getting money to needy businesses fast.
Just seven days after

the law was signed, the earliest applicants received their

checks.
But the haste meant the rules were mostly written on the

fly.
Reaching harder-to-serve businesses was an afterthought.
Lenders and advocacy groups warned that the relief effort had

structural challenges that were likely to inadvertently but

disproportionately harm women and minority business owners.
Reaching the most vulnerable businesses required

determination, they said, and the program gave lenders no

incentives to put in that effort.
The government relied on banks to make the loans, creating

an obstacle for borrowers who didn't have established banking

relationships.
Some banks favored their larger and wealthier

clients, which pushed ordinary customers to the back of the

queue.
``Mystery shopper'' studies found that Black

applicants were consistently treated worse than white

counterparts.
The program also largely locked out sole proprietors and

independent contractors--two of the most popular structures

for minority-owned businesses.
Those companies weren't

eligible to apply for the program's first week.
When they got

access, a rule barring loans to unprofitable solo

businesses--a restriction that didn't apply to larger

companies--prevented many from getting help.
Most nonbank

lenders, including those that specialize in underserved

communities, were shut out for weeks while they waited for

the Small Business Administration to approve them.
``The focus at the outset was on speed, and it came at the

expense of equity,'' said Ashley Harrington, the federal

advocacy director at the Center for Responsible Lending.
In the program's final weeks--it is scheduled to stop

taking applications on May 31--President Biden's

administration has tried to alter its trajectory with rule

changes intended to funnel more money toward women- and

minority-led businesses, especially those with only a handful

of employees.
Mr. Biden took a swipe at his predecessor's track record

last week as he signed a bill extending the program's

deadline.
``Many small businesses, as you know, particularly

Hispanic as well as African-American small businesses, are

just out of business because they got bypassed the first time

around,'' the president said.
But Mr. Biden's revisions--which, most prominently,

expanded lending to independent contractors and others who

work for themselves--have run into their own obstacles,

including the speed with which they were rushed through.
Lenders, caught off guard, struggled to carry them out, with

little time left before the deadline.
``The rules are complicated and constantly changing, and

that alone creates an access barrier,'' Randell Leach, the

chief executive of Beneficial State Bank in Oakland, Calif.

Black and minority businesses suffer

Because lenders are not required to collect demographic

details on their borrowers, data on the Paycheck Protection

Program's racial breakdown has been scarce, but economists

have consistently found signs of gaps.
An analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York noted

that some counties with large numbers of Black-owned

businesses--most notably the Bronx, Queens and Wayne County,

Mich., which includes Detroit--had strikingly low

concentrations of the relief loans.
Majority-white ZIP codes

in several metropolitan areas had higher loan coverage than

ZIP codes with heavily minority populations, according to a

San Francisco Fed analysis released last month.