She's tirelessly supported her community by

volunteering and serving on a broad array of important organizations

and groups throughout the region, committing her talents and energies

to make the Lone Star State a great place to call home.
Currently, she

serves as the Mayor of Killeen.
Texas and has made lasting

contributions to the city that is home to Fort Cavazos.
She has been a

shining example of citizenship and commitment to duty in every step of

her life.
I commend 1LT Nash-King's selfless service to the United States Army,

her nation, and her community.
Her patriotism, citizenship, and

commitment to others reflect the traits that make both our state and

Nation great.
I join her friends and family in celebrating her

outstanding achievements.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, December 12, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 13

10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Space and Science

To hold hearings to examine government promotion of

safety and innovation in the new space economy.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine the impact of algorithms on

competition and consumer rights.