``It's time-consuming.''
The group's work netted $8 million in Paycheck Protection

Program loans for 219 businesses.
For those companies, the

help made a profound difference.
TruFund Financial, a New York lender that focuses on

historically disadvantaged communities, spent two hours of

staff time, on average, on each of the 490 loans it made last

year--far more than larger lenders put in.
Dozens of its

applications took 10 hours or more to complete, said James H.

Bason, TruFund's chief executive.
Many of TruFund's customers walked in the door after being

turned away by large banks, where ``not being able to speak

to anybody at the bank, sitting around waiting to hear, and

then not hearing anything for weeks--all of that created a

lot of anxiety for our small-business borrowers,'' Mr. Bason

said.
Shaundell Newsome, a Las Vegas business owner and a co-

chair of Small Business for America's Future, an advocacy

group, said improving outcomes for Black business owners

would require deliberate, sustained changes throughout the

banking industry.
``The solution is intentionality,'' he said.
``What I mean

by that is making sure bankers, regulators and policymakers

stay intentional on building Black businesses and helping us

get access to capital.''
That's a message Mr. Newsome passed on to Treasury

Secretary Janet L. Yellen in a recent meeting.
Ms. Yellen has

pledged to increase support for minority-focused lenders and

make other changes to alter a financial system that, in her

words, still produces outcomes unacceptably similar to those

of the days when Jim Crow laws were in effect.
Economic crises like the one now gripping the country ``hit

people of color harder and longer'' and intensify economic

inequality, Ms. Yellen said at that meeting.
``I am worried

the current crisis will do this again.
In fact, I know it

will, unless we act.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ARMY CAPTAIN KIRK R. PROCTOR, JR.
HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, today I take a moment to recognize Army

Captain Kirk R. Proctor, Jr., an exceptional Officer, leader and public

servant.
Cpt.
Proctor has concluded a year as a member of my legislative team,

and within this duration, he has made a real impact on a multitude of

defense, national security, and foreign affairs policy initiatives.
His on-the-ground perspective bolstered by my team's analysis--from

how the industrial base ties into the operational force, to explaining

the evolution of military medicine, and how readiness initiatives

intersect with military family quality of life.
Furthermore, Cpt.
Proctor has inspired colleagues to learn more about the defense

industry through his application of institutional knowledge and hard-

earned experiences.
Cpt.
Proctor's unwavering dedication to my office and contributions

to Congress have not gone unnoticed.
His commitment to the American

people and passion for public service is admirable, and I hope he is

offered the most unique opportunities and enriching assignments as he

continues his career as an Army Officer.
I wish Cpt.
Proctor and his

wife Sabia the best of luck as he begins his next assignment as a

legislative liaison, and I look forward to seeing him lead in the years

to come.
On behalf of the U.S. Congress and a grateful Nation, I extend my

deepest appreciation to Captain Kirk R. Proctor, Jr., and I

congratulate him as he continues a career of public service within the

U.S. Army and to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MR.
WILLIAM ``BILL'' SHEPLER

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. William

``Bill'' Shepler for his years of service to the Mackinaw City

community and retirement as President of the Icebreaker Mackinaw

Maritime Museum Board of Directors.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, our country assumed

heavy demands on the war materials industry.