Not only did she win one race but conquered her next two events as

well.
Zoe led the pack in the girls 1600-meter run, then won the 800-

meter run less than two hours later in addition to the 300-meter

hurdles.
Zoe should be commended for all her hard work throughout the

past year and for bringing home the state championships to her school

and community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Zoe Martonfi for a job

well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANEIRA BANWAR FOR HER VOLUNTEERISM

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Aneira Banwar for

her volunteerism, service, and acts of kindness.
Aneira started volunteering at the age of 5.
As she began this

journey, she realized that there are limited opportunities for children

to donate their time.
This gap led her to create the ``12K plan''--12

months of kindness.
This plan consists of 12 monthly kindness projects

that kids can do at home.
Recently, Aneira assembled and donated more than 500 ``boredom buster

kits'' for patients at a local children's hospital.
She accomplished

this project by inspiring others in her community to join her in making

the kits.
Now 7 years old, Aneira has logged more than 100 hours of community

service.
Her hope is to encourage other children to volunteer in their

community, because she believes that kids ``hold the power to shape and

change the future in a positive way by performing random acts of

kindness 1 month at a time.''
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Aneira

Banwar.
Her commitment to others is noble and inspiring--and I look

forward to all that she will accomplish in the future through her

volunteer work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RETIRED COLONEL JERRY A. BROWN

HON.
SUSIE LEE

Ms. LEE of Nevada.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired Colonel

Jerry A. Brown for a career of service to our nation.
Col.
Brown is a 1996 graduate from the Army ROTC program at Emporia

State University, and the second generation of his family to serve in

the United States Army.
He has faithfully served our Nation for over 30

years, starting as an enlisted Petty Officer in the United States Navy

before commissioning as an Officer in the United States Army.
During

his career, Col.
Brown deployed to the Mediterranean while serving on

board the USS Forrestal CV-59 in April 1988, he conducted operations to

support the Persian Gulf War, and he participated in combat in support

of Operation Iraqi Freedom from 2010 to 2011.
As a Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer of the 63rd Readiness

Division, Col.
Brown has supported Army Reserve priorities, programs,

and resources by building relationships, educating, and informing

Senators, Representatives, State Legislators, Mayors, and non-

governmental organizations across the Division's seven-state regional

footprint of New Mexico, Arizona, California, Texas, Nevada, Oklahoma,

and Arkansas.
Further, as a Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer, he is

responsible for legislative actions with professional organizations,

defense industry partners, and veterans service organizations that

includes informing, advising, and representing senior Army Reserve

leadership on congressional activities, and for telling the Army

Reserve Story in the 7-state region.
In his last post, Col.
Brown also provided support to the 7-state

region as a board member for the 2022 Service Academy.
He supports all

local leaders of Nevada by providing them with information regarding

the Army Reserve and the economic impact to states and cities.
He has

also supported the Army Reserve Ambassador Program, which supports

students with full-ride scholarships to any ROTC program in the Nation

with the hope that they will one day return to the Southwest as

tomorrow's leaders.
In his over 30-year military career, including 10 different

assignments and 2 different services, Col.