Title: CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF CONFLUENCE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
122

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF CONFLUENCE

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 150th

anniversary of Confluence, Pennsylvania, and its important

contributions to southwestern Pennsylvania.
In 1870, the Confluence Land Company purchased an area in the

Turkeyfoot Valley and laid out the town.
Named for its location as the

meeting point of Laurel Hill Creek and the Casselman and Youghiogheny

Rivers, the town grew quickly and was incorporated as a borough just 3

years later, in 1873.
By 1883, the town was already home to 450 people.
Shipping and commerce were critical to the town's early prosperity

because of its easy access to both water and railroads.
Today, Confluence is a hub of outdoor recreation.
Visitors to

Confluence can enjoy many miles of adventurous hiking at nearby

Ohiopyle State Park, scale the tallest Pennsylvania mountain at Mount

Davis, bike through the Great Allegheny Passage, and enjoy some of the

best boating our Nation has to offer.
The region's incredible fall

foliage adds even more appeal to Confluence's already amazing natural

scenery.
Mr. Speaker, the story of Confluence is uniquely American and

important to our commonwealth's rich history.
On behalf of the people

of Pennsylvania's 14th Congressional District, I congratulate

Confluence on this remarkable milestone and look forward to building on

this storied history over the next 150 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF COLONEL ADAM J. CZEKANSKI

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the retirement of

Colonel Adam J. Czekanski, who will retire from his post as Commander

of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Pittsburgh District on August 4,

2023.
Colonel Czekanski served honorably in the U.S. Army Corps of

Engineers for 25 years.
He began his career in 1998 after earning a

Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural and Biological Engineering

from Cornell University as well as a Master of Science degree in

Environmental and Water Resources Engineering from the University of

Texas.
Colonel Czekanski has served in a variety of important roles since

joining the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
He was the Deputy District

Commander for the San Francisco region, the Operations Officer for the

South Pacific Division, and the Commander of the Buffalo District

before finally taking a post as the Commander of the Pittsburgh

District.
During his time in leadership, Colonel Czekanski mobilized the

Corps's workforce and operational capacity to confront a variety of

environmental and engineering challenges unique to western

Pennsylvania.
During his command of the Pittsburgh District, Colonel

Czekanski also traveled around the country on multiple Temporary

Emergency Power Deployments to help rebuild communities after

hurricanes and wildfires.
His eagerness to serve those in need is an

example to us all.
Over the course of his service, Colonel Czekanski was awarded a

Purple Heart, 3 Bronze Stars, and a Soldier's Medal.
These awards are a

testament to his dedication to the United States, our nation's

military, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Mr. Speaker, Colonel Adam J. Czekanski's diligent service to his

brothers at arms, our communities, and our entire nation is evidence of

a life well-lived and a retirement well-earned.
On behalf of

Pennsylvania's 14th Congressional District, I congratulate him on his

retirement and many impressive accomplishments throughout a successful

military career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING COLUMBIA'S ROCK BRIDGE ON THEIR CLASS 5 STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating Columbia's Rock Bridge Track and Field Team

on their victory in the Class 5 Track and Field Team State

Championship.
Rock Bridge claimed the Class 5 title in 2021, 2022, and now in 2023.
The Bruins fought through an intensely close state championship.