Whistleblowers have come forward to provide information that Fujitsu was given an additional contract by the Post Office in 2013 to re-platform transaction data that was previously held on an external storage system that was considered to be the gold standard.
It was replaced by a system that made it virtually impossible to investigate financial transactions in a forensic audit.
Does the Justice Secretary share our concern that this decision effectively destroyed evidence, preventing exactly the sort of audit trail that would exonerate those sub-postmasters who were convicted?
The Department for Business and Trade is better placed to answer those specific points, but I would say two things.
First, as a matter of sacred principle, if material comes into a prosecutor’s possession that might be considered capable of undermining the case of the prosecution, that material should be disclosed  to the defence.
That is one of the things that has been considered by Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry.
What did the Post Office know, when did it know it, and what did it do with the material before it?
Across the House, we want to get to the bottom of those questions.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the rapid deployment community payback pilots.
It is a pleasure to respond to my first question from the hon.
Gentleman since his election.
As part of the Government’s antisocial behaviour action plan, community payback teams are working in partnership with 11 local authorities to rapidly clean up antisocial behaviour in the community.
The pilots started in July 2023, and we are in the process of analysing the outcomes.
Initial observations point to the pilots having been successful, with thousands of hours of reparative work being done by hundreds of people on probation within 48 hours of local authority notification, allowing the public to see justice done.
These rapid-deployment community payback scheme pilots were supposed to pave the way for the accelerated roll-out of exactly the kind of swift, transparent restorative justice that victims of crime in my constituency are desperate to see.
Unfortunately, I understand that, of a planned 20,000 hours of work, only 2,000 hours have been delivered by the pilots.
Can the Minister reveal whether that is the case?
If so, what can be learned from the clear barriers to success?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, but the clue is in the word “pilot.”
These pilots were carried out in 11 areas, over three months, in the run-up to Christmas, and 175 people completed around 2,000 hours of unpaid work.
We are analysing the outcome of those pilots and, based on what that analysis says, I look forward to exploring how we can roll this out more widely across the country.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the length of time that prisoners spend in their cells on reoffending rates.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the length of time that prisoners spend in their cells on reoffending rates.
We know that activities such as education and training can help to give prisoners skills that they need to get a job on release, thus reducing the likelihood of reoffending.
That is why we launched our new national regime model for prisoners last month.
It sets out core expectations for regime delivery, so that prisons are getting the most out of the working day and aiding the rehabilitation of prisoners.
Of course, we are also seeing improved staffing numbers to facilitate those regimes.
Reoffending costs £18 billion a year, but there is not just the financial cost but the impact on society in general, as well as on the individual.
Some young prisoners are still getting only one hour out of their cells, so there is no time for rehabilitation—they can perhaps do a little exercise, but that is not the same.
How confident is the Minister that all young prisoners will get the re-education that he has outlined?
When does he think all young prisoners—if these people have to be in prison—will get proper rehabilitation and the support they need when they come out of prison to get a home, to have somewhere to stay and to go into further training?
Will he please give me some reassurance that better times are coming, not just for young offenders but for society as a whole?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for that.
As she knows, I have a huge amount of respect for her, and she raises a hugely important point.
We have heard from the Lord Chancellor that reoffending rates have come down from 31% to 25% since 2010.
So we are making progress, but we want to drive them down further.
She also rightly highlights the importance of purposeful activity leading to the opportunity on release for employment, accommodation and so on.
That is central to the opportunity for prisoners to rehabilitate themselves.
We have seen significant progress made in our youth estate.
The hon.
Lady talked about young prisoners and rightly said that we need to go further, but we believe the national regime model that we launched in January will go a long way to doing that.
The additional staff we have recruited into His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service are central to doing that, as they enable that regime to be put in place.
However, she is absolutely right to highlight this issue.