There is a cost to justice.
People who are found guilty of crime based on the evidence presented to a court of law have been sentenced, and there is a cost to their incarceration.
Simply put, the cost of incarcerating people is not a reason to review the law.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of devolving responsibility for justice to the Welsh Government.
The Government are clear that it is in the best interests of the people of Wales for justice to remain a reserved matter.
The current arrangement works well and allows Wales to benefit from being part of a larger, world-renowned justice system.
Devolving justice to Wales would mean losing those benefits and would be extremely expensive and complex, requiring the duplication of functions.
Following the publication last month of the final report by the independent commission on the constitutional future of Wales, the First Minister of Wales confirmed unambiguously that it is the policy of the Welsh Government, and indeed of the Welsh Labour party, to support the devolution of the justice system.
In pursuing the devolution of the Probation Service, he said: “We will have to explore…governance…financial arrangements” and the interface between Welsh and English services.
When will the Minister meet the Counsel General for Wales to discuss the devolution of justice?
If the representatives for the Welsh Government wish to meet me, I am more than happy to explain why Wales being part of the English and Welsh legal system remains the preferred option for this Government.
Why would Wales want to leave the most successful legal services system in the world?
What steps his Department is taking to protect the privacy rights of rape victims in criminal justice processes.
What steps his Department is taking to protect the privacy rights of rape victims in criminal justice processes.
It is paramount that victims come forward without fear that their privacy will be violated.
That is why we are taking steps, through the Victims and Prisoners Bill, to create a statutory restriction that limits police requests to third-party material that is necessary and proportionate, and to inform victims of why such material is being requested.
The Government have also asked the Law Commission to undertake a review on the use of evidence in sexual offence prosecutions, and it is due to report later this year.
My constituent had all her counselling records used against her in a harrowing trial that she said was worse than the crime itself.
Will the Victims and Prisoners Bill be sufficiently amended so that medical and social services records are not used against victims in court, and family courts are not used to perpetuate such abuse against the victim, particularly with the use of the term “parental alienation”?
I am truly sorry to hear of what happened to the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
I hope that I can reassure her by saying that new regulations will be published under the Victims and Prisoners Bill to create a code of  practice setting out the principles that the police should apply to all third-party requests, including for counselling, therapy and medical notes.
The police will be required to complete a new request form that sets out the purpose and impact of their request.
The Crown Prosecution Service also has a robust case file review process to ensure that guidance on necessary and proportionate requests is complied with.
The CPS pre-trial therapy guidelines make it crystal clear that victims must not delay therapy for criminal investigation and prosecution.
Recently, I was able to visit the Gwent rape investigation unit and see what an excellent job the police officers there are doing.
However, can the Minister explain why the Government thought it was appropriate to boast about the so-called progress on the rape review when the proportion of cases being charged has halved since 2016, and the key adviser quit because of the lack of drive to improve outcomes for victims?
I have also heard very good reports of the work that Gwent police are doing, so I am glad to hear what the hon.
Lady says.
I must push back very slightly on what has happened since we launched the end-to-end rape review.
We are prosecuting more rape cases than we were in 2010.
Conviction rates are higher, and perpetrators are going to prison for almost 50% longer than they were in 2010; the average sentence increased from six and a half years to nine and a half years.
I accept that the last independent adviser to the rape review went, but last week we announced the appointment of Professor Katrin Hohl, a legal academic who pioneered Operation Soteria, which I think every Member of this House agrees has transformed the way in which police investigate and prosecute rape, and is leading to better criminal justice outcomes for victims.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the use of non-disclosure agreements in judicial processes.
Non-disclosure agreements cannot prevent any disclosure that is required or protected by law; nor can they preclude an individual from asserting statutory rights.
The courts and judiciary apply the law in relation to NDAs as appropriate in individual cases and, where necessary, determine whether or not they should be enforceable.
Last year, the Legal Services Board stated that incidents of misconduct by lawyers dealing with non-disclosure agreements were a “cause for concern”, and that there was a strong case for a strengthened and harmonised regulatory approach.
Does the Minister agree that there is a need for stronger regulation in this area, and will he support the Bill tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , which would end the misuse of non-disclosure agreements in the workplace?
I am more than happy to have a discussion with the hon.
Lady, but my understanding is that the Solicitors Regulation Authority has already published a  warning notice reminding solicitors and law firms that potential professional misconduct by a person or a firm should be reported to the regulator.
If she believes that there are still gaps in that warning notice, or that more needs to be done, I am more than happy to have a meeting.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Justice questions, I have met with the families of those killed by Valdo Calocane: Barnaby Webber, Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates.
They deserve answers, and a series of reviews are taking place, including by the Attorney General, on referring the sentence in that case to the Court of Appeal.
We have announced an early legal advice pilot to help families agree child arrangements quickly.
I have visited Leeds to see how £6 million is being spent to roll out state-of-the-art courtrooms as part of our £220 million investment in the court estate.
I have travelled to the USA to meet my counterparts to discuss how Russia can be held financially and legally to account, and I was fitted with a GPS tag to experience for myself how effective modern technology is in holding offenders and Justice Secretaries to account—a constant physical reminder that debts to society must be repaid, court orders must be observed, and transgressors face the very real risk of the clang of a prison gate.
[Hon.
Members: “Do you have it on now?”
] No, I do not.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend just mentioned, he spent a day wearing a GPS tag, along with Jack Elsom from The Sun.
Could he outline what he learned from that experience, and say whether he thinks GPS tags are a robust and effective means of monitoring and punishing low-level offenders?
Will he reveal to the House who else from the Lobby is on his list to be tagged?
I remind Members that these are topical questions.