Accountability and oversight are critical to the effective management of UK border security.
The Home Affairs Committee has repeatedly questioned the Government about the delay in the Home Office publishing the chief inspector’s reports—I understand there are now 15 reports outstanding.
We are also concerned as the chief inspector is the statutory body, and there is no deputy or provision for the institution to exist without the chief inspector in post.
With David Neal leaving at the end of March, will the Minister update the House on what has happened to the recruitment process that ended in December?
When will the Home Affairs Committee get the pre-appointment hearing that we are entitled to have for the new chief inspector?
I think the Chairman of the Committee will appreciate that it would not be appropriate for me to comment on appointment-related matters, but we will follow the proper process in appointing a chief inspector of borders and immigration.
The shadow Home Secretary also asked about the laying before Parliament of the Government’s responses to the reports; as I said in response to that question, it will happen soon.
People who want to work in our care sector from other countries are welcome to do so where it is appropriate.
However, under the current model, many people are paying thousands of pounds to agents to contact care home owners in this country who, even if there are no vacancies, will allow people to come here and send them off to work in supermarkets or other areas.
The pay then goes back to the agent—the individuals do not even get the pay.
Will the Minister take measures to combat what is clearly a criminal conspiracy and prevent it from happening?
People who want to come and work here are being exploited ruthlessly.
Where we see abuse of our migration routes, we will root that out and deal with it robustly.
That is one of the reasons the Care Quality Commission accreditation angle has been such an important part of the package of measures we are taking forward, ensuring that the roles people come here to fulfil are credible, real jobs in these workplaces.
We think it is right that there is a better audit trail for those appointments, not least for the very reason my hon.
Friend highlights—to minimise the risks of people being exploited, cheated and sold a fake prospectus for what they are signing up to.
That cannot be right.
It is right that we as a Government take a robust posture over it.
Tapadh leibh, Mr Speaker, and thank you for taking this urgent question.
As you know, I tabled something similar after the BBC and The Guardian reported that the family unification route for Ukrainian families had been unexpectedly closed.
I warned the Government against such mean-mindedness.
The UK Government were the meanest-minded in Europe at the outbreak of the Ukrainian war, which caused a lot of work for civil servants, for the Government themselves, and for MPs—all unnecessarily.
Most importantly, it caused angst for families in Na h-Eileanan an Iar and elsewhere, and concern and worry for those who want to come to the islands and elsewhere.
Why?
I would ask them to think again.
Can the Minister confirm exactly what he has done?
I have a feeling he is being economical with clarity here.
Are the BBC and The Guardian wrong in what they have reported?
The position, very clearly, is that we have arguably been the most generous with the approach we have adopted to provide sanctuary to our Ukrainian friends.
There will continue to be an out-of-country route through the Homes for Ukraine scheme to enable people to come here, as well as the visa extension.
As I said, we are getting on the front foot earlier than others in providing certainty and in terms of the length of those visas.
Those are measures to be welcomed, not traduced.
There is a certain irony about Opposition Members going on about border security, when a lot of them tried to prevent a load of convicted criminals from being deported.
I welcome the income thresholds going up for getting visas and the changes for social care workers, too.
I have been very concerned that other countries have produced evidence about how that route was abused and it is right that we clamp down on dependants coming here.
On the welcome changes to net legal migration, will the Minister provide the evidence and data soon to show the public that it is finally heading in the right direction and that they are being heard?
I am incredibly concerned that if mainstream parties, such as ourselves, do not get it and show the public that we get it on migration, it will fuel the extremes.
My hon.
Friend speaks with real passion and I know that people in Ipswich feel very strongly about this issue.
That is why, as a Government, we have a credible plan to bring the numbers down.
We believe the inflows will be reduced by 300,000, taking into account the changes we are delivering, relative to the year prior.
On his request on what we can do to report around that and provide information about the progress we are making, that is something I am considering.
So, when does the Minister expect the next independent chief inspector of borders and immigration to take up the post?
We will follow the proper process to make an appointment.
It is obviously right that we helped those in Ukraine who urgently needed our help, but most people in Stoke-on-Trent  and wider north Staffordshire think that the net migration figures have been unacceptably high, and that that has put significant pressure on our local services.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree with me that it is right that those who come here and use services but have not contributed to their cost should face higher visa and nationality fees?
My hon.
Friend is right to touch on the general feeling in Stoke-on-Trent about the net migration situation.
That is why we are taking action.
The Government feel that the borders and migration system costs we charge people to access those services should reflect the costs we incur.
It should not fall to the UK taxpayer to pick up those costs; it should be the individuals who avail themselves of those services who cover their costs.
We continue to work towards that in greater detail.
Aviation has been consistently flagged as a danger to national security.
Does the Minister agree that the failure to check those arriving in the UK that way is putting the United Kingdom at risk?
I refer the hon.
Lady to what I said in relation to the shadow Home Secretary’s earlier contribution and the questions she asked on that issue.
We treat that subject with utmost seriousness.
We will, of course, respond to the ICIBI report in a proper and thorough way, having considered the points it raises and ensuring that proper fact-checking is carried out for the reasons I have touched on.
If the purpose of yesterday’s announcement was to provide some reassurance to Ukrainian citizens who have sought refuge in the UK, why are the Government forcing them to go through yet another application?
Every Member of this House will have experienced the problems supporting the initial applications: there will be delays; different family members will get confirmation at different times; and children will be dropped off by mistake, causing great distress.
My question to the Minister is this.
Should UKVI not be focusing on its existing backlog, rather than adding unnecessary processes to its workload and distressing Ukrainian families who are now our constituents and living in the United Kingdom?
I disagree with the hon.
and learned Lady.
We think this is an appropriate approach to extending the visas.
It is right and proper that there is a proper process around that, and there are obviously reasons why visas are handled in this particular way.
Safeguarding concerns come into all these matters, including extensions, and that is why we will take the approach we take.
I want it to be as light-touch as possible.
I want it to be as easy as possible.
All parliamentarians in this House should be providing reassurance today that the Ukrainian people in our country accessing sanctuary will continue to be able to do so.
I would argue that that is the responsibility of all of us as leaders in our country.
A lot of people in this country, including my constituents, will be amazed that in the week of Navalny’s murder by Putin and the tough times that the Ukrainians are  facing against Russian reinforcements, the Government have announced restrictions on Ukrainian families coming here.
I have campaigned for a long time, because so many wealthy Russian plutocrats have been flying into this country on small private aircraft and helicopters for a long time.
I have asked questions about that.
Perhaps we should ask Boris Johnson’s friend in the other place, Lord Lebedev of Hampton and Siberia, what he knows about it.
The fact is that we are providing the certainty that Members across the House have been seeking for the future of the Ukraine scheme.
I do not think the hon.
Gentleman was in the debate we had prior to the February recess.
I would argue that the House spoke with one voice, saying that we need to afford sanctuary for longer, recognising that the war remains ongoing but that the Ukrainian people continue to have our firm backing in their fight against Russian aggression.
That is precisely what we have done through this announcement.
I reject his characterisation of the situation.
The message needs to go out that Ukrainians who are here will continue to be able to have that sanctuary in the years ahead.
Families in all our constituencies, including East Renfrewshire, rely on the skills and compassion of those who work in the care sector.
The chief executive of Scottish Care, Donald Macaskill, yesterday described the Government’s plan to ban overseas care workers from bringing dependants as “shameful and damaging”, saying: “Treating international colleagues in this manner is contemptible.”
He is right, isn’t he?
There will continue to be an opportunity for international recruitment for care purposes, but we cannot have a situation where 120,000 dependants come with 100,000 visa holders.
That is not justifiable.
That is not acceptable.
That is why we are taking the approach we are taking.
There will in future need to be a blend of approach to recruitment.
I also happen to think it is right that we should strain every sinew to support people in this country to take on these roles with the proper skills, and that is precisely what the back to work plan does.
Closing the Ukrainian families scheme almost two years to the day since Putin’s illegal war began is particularly cruel.
The Government speak of a rationalisation of the schemes, but what we really need are further measures to support family reunification.
Given the changes, what reassurance can the Government give to those on these schemes that they will be able to bring family members to the UK?
We always keep under review the offer we have as part of the Ukraine scheme and that will continue to be the case, but I reiterate the point that what we have done through this package of changes in its entirety is to sustain an out-of-country route to enable Ukrainians to come to the UK to seek sanctuary, while giving certainty ahead of many other countries, including European Union countries with which the hon.
Lady has an affinity.
We have got ahead of the curve and provided certainty around sanctuary in a way that I think people in this country want to see.
The changes the Government keep making to the Ukrainian scheme have unfortunately resulted in far too many Ukrainians becoming homeless.
When will the Minister finally, as pledged by his predecessor, meet Glasgow Members of Parliament to discuss how Home Office policies are making refugees homeless in the city of Glasgow?
In fact, the announcement has provided real certainty about the future of the Ukraine schemes at an early stage, and we are ahead of the curve internationally.
The hon.
Gentleman knows me well, and we have always had a constructive working relationship.
I am very willing to meet him to discuss the issue of asylum accommodation and support for refugees in Glasgow, and I know that my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities who lead on the accommodation side of the Ukraine scheme would also be happy to engage with him.