I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we would not dream of forgetting about him.
We have seen an increase, particularly on special educational needs and disabilities, of over 300% in receipts, and with the increased number of judges and panel members, we are seeing a 37% increase in disposals this year.
We are trying to address the issue of SEND with the Department for Education, and if my hon.
Friend thinks there is a problem in this area, I am more than happy to meet him to discuss it.
I have heard the Minister defend the reintroduction of employment tribunal fees, but the last time the Government brought them in, there was a 70% drop in applications.
How many people will be denied access to justice this time?
The hon.
Gentleman is comparing apples with oranges.
The two fees are completely different, in terms of quantum.
A £55 claim issue fee is a small contribution towards the tribunals, which cost us £80 million a year to run.
I do not think that that is unreasonable.
This week, we celebrate the fifth anniversary of my Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration etc) Act 2019 completing its parliamentary stages, but it is also the fifth anniversary of the Government taking no action to enforce clause 4, which gives coroners the power to investigate stillbirths.
There has been some progress: on  8 December , after 56 weeks, they have produced the results of that consultation, but there has been no Government response.
When will we have a Government response, and what is the Government’s problem with getting on with something that is overwhelmingly supported?
I appreciate that my hon.
Friend is increasingly agitated about the implementation of aspects of the Bill; however, the consultation was not conclusive, and the stillbirths landscape has changed.
Those issues have to be addressed if the Bill is to be introduced correctly.
According to a report produced by the National Audit Office last week, housing legal aid is out of reach for many people who are struggling to keep a roof over their head.
Countless people facing the threat of eviction and repossession have recently contacted me for help.
With the cost of living crisis and rising interest rates, it is crucial that people can access legal help with their housing issues.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that housing legal aid is available to those who cannot afford legal help?
We are investing an initial £10 million to make sure that legal aid is available for exactly those problems.
Under the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017, there is a solemn duty on prison governors to prepare ex-offenders for life outside prison.
Seven years on from the introduction of that duty, they are still not doing what they are required to do.
We want reoffending ended, and if people are prepared properly for when they leave prison, we increase the chances of preventing reoffending.
What action is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking  on this?
My hon.
Friend has done spectacular work on this issue.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service published a policy framework setting out the steps prisons and probation services must take to meet their duty to refer those at risk of homelessness.
I was reading it this morning, and it contains template referral forms—and many other aids—that are to be filled out at prescribed points in the prisoner journey.
Governors are now held to account, as my hon.
Friend rightly indicates, for their record on preparing prisoners for life post release, which is why I am able to say that in 2022-23, some 86% of prisoners were accommodated on the first night of release.
That is up from 80% in 2019.
I know that question was on the Order Paper to be taken before topicals, but if the Justice Secretary could shorten his answers to make sure everyone has time in topicals, that would help me and others.
Last week, I visited IDAS—Independent Domestic Abuse Services—which is an outstanding organisation supporting survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
They highlighted that parents’ fear of having their children removed is preventing victims from presenting a case in full, and is preventing justice.
How will the Minister ensure that power imbalances in the family courts are addressed?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question.
She will know how much we are doing on victim support, particularly in terms of sexual and domestic abuse.
I would like to speak to her about this issue, and about  parental responsibility in the family courts, so I think we should have a meeting.
I ask her to write to my office after questions to arrange it.
Last week, Colin Pitchfork, the double child rapist and murderer, successfully applied for a reconsideration of the Parole Board’s decision not to release him, on the grounds that the decision was irrational.
I have issued a survey across my South Leicestershire constituency on Parole Board reform.
Will the Secretary of State meet me urgently to discuss the Parole Board rules, as amended in 2019?
I certainly will meet my hon.
Friend.
He has been assiduous for many years in raising this matter on behalf of his constituents.
The Parole Board does an exceptionally good job.
There are two cases in which decisions appear to have been overturned because they were irrational, and that is why I am meeting the Parole Board tomorrow.
The Justice Secretary mentioned the duty of candour that he imposed on the police.
Has he considered legislating to introduce the same for all public bodies?
I can say that we want to extend that duty to healthcare settings, because we do not want health professionals closing ranks when something goes wrong.
It is important to say that since Hillsborough there have been so many changes, including through the Inquiries Act 2005, which mean that there can be criminal liability for those who do not do what the hon.
Gentleman and I must think is a matter of common sense, which is to tell the truth.
Wedding experts at Hitched say that independent celebrants are the biggest trend for couples getting married this year, and with the Church, registrars and humanists all providing additional options, it is about time that we updated the marriage laws, which are from 1836.
Will the Government publish a substantive response to the Law Commission’s 2022 report on wedding reform?
As someone who benefited from the last wedding reform on equal marriage, I can say that this Government are entirely committed to ensuring that we report as fast as possible on the Law Commission’s review.
If my hon.
Friend would like to meet my noble Friend Lord Bellamy to discuss it further, we can make that happen.
The backlog of asylum and immigration tribunal cases has soared from 35,400 to 41,500 in a month—a result, no doubt, of the Home Office pushing through decisions at the end of last year to clear its previous backlog.
What is the Minister doing to tackle this new backlog that they have created?
We are increasing fees for legal aid practitioners.
We have seen a massive increase in cases going through the system, and that is why we are investing to make sure that legal representation is available.
Given that the existing prisons in Buckinghamshire cannot recruit to fill staffing vacancies, where does the Ministry of Justice  think it will magic up staff and prison officers for the mega-prison that it now has planning permission for in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of his constituents.
While we may disagree on this issue, I know that he speaks for a lot of his constituents, and he does so vocally in this House.
We have highlighted the increase of 1,400 in the number of prison officers.
We are confident that we can staff all the new prisons and that they are necessary to meet our obligations.
What can I do to change the Secretary of State’s view on joint enterprise?
Has he read Lord Finkelstein’s recent and   very good article in The Times?
Please can the Minister have an open mind and look at it again?
There are more than 1,000 young men in prison on long sentences.
Joint enterprise is there to ensure that those who act as the burglary lookout, those who provide the weapon in a murder and those who drive the getaway vehicle do not escape the consequences of their crimes, which shatter lives.
It is already the case, as in the case of Jogee, that the person must have helped or encouraged the commission of the offence and intended to do so.
If the Labour party’s position is that such people should escape culpability, it should say so.
Our advice on this side of the House is clear: do not commit crime.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he will make a statement on changes to UK immigration rules and the security of the UK’s borders.
The security of the UK border is a top priority for me, the Home Secretary and the Home Office.
Everything we do in this area is designed to reduce risks to this country and its citizens.
Border Force performs checks on 100% of scheduled passengers arriving in the UK and risk-based intelligence-led checks on general aviation.
It is deeply disturbing that information that has no basis in fact was leaked by the independent chief inspector to a national newspaper before the Home Office had the chance to respond.
We are urgently investigating this breach of confidential information in full in the normal way.
Moving to yesterday’s changes to the immigration rules, since the launch of our Ukraine schemes the UK has offered or extended sanctuary to more than 280,000 Ukrainians, thanks to the immense generosity of the British public.
I know that colleagues across the House are grateful for all the work that has been going on in communities to facilitate that support.
Almost two years on from the start of the conflict, the UK Government’s commitment to the Ukrainian cause remains undimmed.
It is right that we continue to adapt and develop our visa routes to ensure that they keep pace with the rapidly shifting situation in Ukraine.
We must ensure that they remain as efficient and sustainable as possible, while providing stability for those we have welcomed to the UK and those who still need our sanctuary.
Ukrainian nationals who may have previously been eligible to apply to come to the UK under the Ukraine family scheme will remain eligible to apply for the Homes for Ukraine sponsorship scheme.
Separately, the Government remain wholeheartedly committed to reducing levels of legal migration.
Measures to curb immigration abuse and further reduce net migration are being implemented, ranging from salary increases for work and family visas to reforming the shortage occupation list, removing the right for overseas care workers to bring dependants, and requiring care providers to be registered with the Care Quality Commission before hiring overseas carers.
The rule changes outlined yesterday, which relate to the care sector, pave the way for those measures to take effect.
It has been reported today that hundreds of high-risk private flights have landed in the UK without proper border security checks having been done.
If the Minister disputes the figures, will he tell us the true ones now?
Were all the high-risk private flights checked or not?
Ministers have been warned repeatedly about border security risks on private flights.
The Prime Minister may think it is just all his own mates, but there are risks from organised crime, money laundering, drugs and weapons smuggling, trafficking, and even terrorism.
There has been a 75% drop in class A drugs border  seizures.
There has been a 39% drop in firearms seizures.
Criminal gangs are still organising dangerous boat crossings.
There have also been repeated failures in security checks at Western Jet Foil; a 30% drop in foreign national offender removals; a 50% drop in failed asylum seeker removals; and new revelations of visa failures in the Home Office, which issued 275 visas to a care home that did not even exist.
Instead of getting a grip, what is the Minister’s response?
It is just to sack the border inspector and sit on his reports, as well as changing the rules to stop Ukrainian family members from coming here.
What message of solidarity does that send to a country we are supposed to be supporting in the face of Russian aggression?
Will the Minister now publish all the outstanding inspector’s reports?
Is it true that no inspector will be in place for the next six months?
Will he tell us the key border security facts?
Have all high-risk private flights been met and checked in the last year?
Home Office Ministers promised me in this Chamber that that would happen 13 years ago.
If not, will he tell us how many high-risk flights—maybe involving dangerous people and weapons—have been allowed into the country without proper border security checks?
The Conservatives have broken the asylum system, bust the Home Office budget, badly undermined Britain’s border security and put our country’s security at risk.
Will they ever get a grip?
I am very disappointed with the right hon.
Lady’s response on the certainty provided by yesterday’s announcement on Ukraine.
Just before the February recess, we had a good debate involving colleagues from across the House where there were calls for certainty on the future of those visa schemes.
The Government have come forward and provided that assurance about where we go from here.
Of course, the first of those visas does not expire until 2025.
If we add on the 18-month period, that is an additional two and a half years of certainty for individuals from the here and now, which I think is very welcome.
There will continue to be an in-country and out-of-country approach.
We of course engage with our Ukrainian friends and allies and will support them in any way we can.
We are ahead of the curve internationally in giving that assurance.
The right hon.
Lady should be on the front foot in welcoming that, because it is good, positive news.
We will publish the reports by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration and our responses to them.
That will happen soon.
On the right hon.
Lady’s questions about the flights at London City airport and the information put in the public domain, the Home Office categorically rejects the claims by David Neal.
Mr Neal’s report on general aviation border checks at London City airport was submitted last week and underwent fact checking, as is standard practice.
Mr Neal was made aware of a specific issue with the recording of data at London City airport that meant that a large proportion of flights recorded as high risk should have been reclassified as low risk.
It is disappointing that he has chosen to put misleading data into the public domain.
The Home Office’s priority is to deliver a safe and secure border, and we will never compromise on that.
When notified, we cleared 100% of high-risk general  aviation flights either remotely or in person, in accordance with the GA guidance, and we are committed to responding effectively, using an intelligence-led approach, as well as to working thoroughly with the wider law enforcement community.
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that there is a report on this issue.
We will respond to the inspector’s report, and that response will have answers to the substantive points posed in it.
We will deal with it in entirely the proper way.
It is rather ironic that the right hon.
Lady talked about the Opposition’s stance on the security of our border, because she quite happily voted against the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 when we legislated to introduce electronic travel authorisations, which are critical to the future of our border security and allow greater automation for passengers.
They improve the passenger experience at the border while being robust on border security.
[Interruption.]
She is chuntering away, but she voted against those important measures.
When it comes to dangerous foreign criminals on our streets, we hear those on the Opposition Benches opposing removal flights—the Leader of the Opposition and others have taken that stance.
They would allow dangerous criminals and dangerous individuals to be on the streets of the United Kingdom.
This Government have a credible plan to stop the small boat crossings of the channel and the risk that they present to our security, as well as the wider criminality.
Again, the right hon.
Lady has opposed all those steps.
We have a plan and we are working through it.
That is the position and it is clear for all to see.
Either I misheard, or the suggestion by the Opposition that the measure the Minister has introduced will prevent Ukrainian family members from coming to Britain is deeply untrue and highly irresponsible, isn’t it?
My right hon.
Friend summarises the situation neatly.
There will continue to be an in-country opportunity for people to apply to extend their visas.
Through the Homes for Ukraine scheme, Ukrainians will still be able to come to the UK to access the sanctuary that we proudly support.
We have seen communities across the country doing an enormous amount of positive, welcome work to support that national effort.
Any suggestion that that will not be the case moving forward is wrong—it is deliberate scaremongering and people should stop it.