Prisoners are spending up to 23 hours a day locked up in their cells as a direct result of overcrowding and the prisons capacity crisis caused by this Government.
However, I hear congratulations are in order following an announcement last month, not on the Government actually delivering any of the new prisons they have promised or on even getting spades in the ground, but on their submitting yet another planning application for the Leicestershire prison that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has already ruled on once.
Is not about time that the Minister renamed the new prisons programme the no prisons programme?
For a moment I thought the shadow Justice Secretary was referring to her own party’s record when in government—7,500 prison places in three Titan prisons that failed to be built, whereas we are committed to building six new modern prisons.
Two have been built, one is being built at the moment and two have planning permission.
While prisoners are serving their sentence, they are not being allowed to leave their cell, but ironically the Government are also releasing some of them early.
Despite a multitude of letters, questions and even a point-blank request from the Justice Committee, the Government are refusing to tell us how many prisoners are being released early and from where.
The public and Parliament have a right to know, so will the Minister finally come clean on how the early release scheme has been used so far?
If not, can he tell the House what he has to hide?
As the shadow Justice Secretary will know, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor has made clear that in line with other statistics, for example death in custody statistics, we will publish those figures on an annual basis.
I am sure my right hon.
Friend will agree with me that the rehabilitation of offenders can be greatly assisted by activity and work outdoors, in particular on farms and at horticultural establishments.
Will the Minister reassure me that he is committed to increasing the quantity of work available outdoors and let me know what has happened to the prison estates in recent years?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of a range of purposeful activity for those in prison, from skilled industrial work in workshops to outside work.
A good example mentioned recently on “ITV Racing”, of all things, was about getting farriers and those working in the equine world into prisons—the example was a prison in Solihull—to teach prisoners about job opportunities in the equine world.
There are a range of opportunities out there, and it is important that they are available to those in our custody.
What progress his Department has made on reducing the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
We remain committed to reducing the Crown court outstanding case load and have introduced a range of measures to achieve the same.
We funded over 100,000 sitting days last year and plan to deliver the same again this year.
We have recruited over 1,000 judges over all jurisdictions and plan to do the same again this year.
Thanks to the intervention of the Lord Chancellor, we have secured £220 million for essential modernisation repair work over the next two years.
As well as retaining Nightingale courts, the investments will also see 58 new courtrooms.
The fact is that the Crown courts how have a backlog of over 65,000 cases.
If that is not bad enough, experts say the courts’ capacity to deal with processing cases will not keep pace with demand.
Does the Minister agree that that leads to too many victims unfortunately giving up on our justice system?
No, I do not accept that that means we are giving up on the system.
The Government continue to invest in every single lever that we can pull to increase capacity in our criminal justice system.
Given the additional work that the judiciary is doing, the disposal rate in our Crown courts is up and we are seeing record levels of disposals, so we will start to see the criminal justice system heal, because we are still recovering from covid and the Criminal Bar Association strike.