The Prime Minister’s emergency reshuffle has left  us with no disabilities Minister.
Given the Women  and Equalities Committee’s damning report on the Government’s disability strategy just last week, can the Leader of the House confirm that someone will be appointed to this position before Christmas?
It has now been a full month since we have had a statement from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, despite major global conflicts.
That is unacceptable—[Interruption.]
Hon.
Members are saying that there is one today, but that was thanks to Mr Speaker granting yet another urgent question to bring Ministers to this place.
The Leader of the House and I are both appearing before the Procedure Committee on Monday, so I will not raise the issue of the Foreign Secretary coming here now.
Last time I raised the lack of accountability, she assured me that the Government would regularly update the House, and that the Foreign Secretary was “forward leaning.”
Will she ensure that we get a proper update on the unfolding situation in Israel and Gaza before the House rises, and regularly thereafter, so that Ministers do not need to be dragged here via urgent questions?
Today also looks like “take out the trash day”, with a large number of written ministerial statements on important matters.
Will the Leader of House ensure that there is proper scrutiny of those issues, with no sense that the Government are ducking accountability to this place?
Finally, would the Leader of the House like to take this opportunity to apologise to 11-year-old Liam Walker for the disdain and tone deaf response that the Prime Minister gave to his plight yesterday?
The Prime Minister’s sneering, angry response made him look small, and disregarding of Liam’s plight.
Liam’s family do the right thing, yet through no fault of their own, they are homeless.
Their story is the story of thousands of other families this Christmas.
Will the Leader of the House do what the Prime Minister failed to do, and show some empathy and humility, and apologise for how her Government have failed working families who are facing destitution and homelessness this winter?
May I also take the opportunity to wish everyone a wonderful Christmas and a happy new year, especially all the staff who work on and off the estate to help us do our jobs and keep us safe, and all those who will be working over the festive period to serve our nation and their communities?
2023 has been a hard year.
The British people have faced many challenges, and I am proud of their stoicism and grit in getting through it.
Thanks to them and their efforts, the economy is turning a corner and inflation is coming down.
Despite the challenges, we have stood by our allies, in particular Ukraine.
We have taken care of each other, and we have crowned our new monarch.
I wish everyone a peaceful and restorative Christmas, with good wishes and hope for the new year.
Let me start with the hon.
Lady’s final point about young Liam.
I deeply regret her choosing to paint Conservative Members as uncaring and non-empathetic.
She knows that is not the case.
Indeed, I pay tribute to one of our colleagues, who I think is in The Telegraph this morning, who made heroic efforts to prevent harm from being done to a young man who was homeless on London’s streets.
I can give the hon.
Lady that assurance on infected blood, and I am expecting the House to be updated on that important matter by the Minister for the Cabinet Office.
She is right that the Minister with responsibility for disabilities is important, and I am sure that that reshuffle announcement will be made imminently.
I also remind the House that every Department has a disability lead in place.
I echo the hon.
Lady’s thanks to all Commission members for the work done on risk-based exclusion.
I think Mr Speaker has written to Members today, and we will of course bring a motion to the House early in the new year.
I will also ensure that Members are kept up to date with the ongoing and tragic situation in Gaza over the festive period.
I know, as I hope do all Members, that FCDO consular services are there 24 hours a day for any hon.
Members who have constituents who need assistance.
The hon.
Lady raised the issue of our further legislation to stop the boats.
I always find it amusing that Labour Members are keen to see this legislation brought forward so that they can stop it.
They say that they have changed, but they have not, and I am afraid their actions speak  louder than words.
They talk tough on borders, but they have voted every time against our measures to strengthen them.
They talk about equality while not paying women a fair wage.
They talk about a charter for workers while siding with strikers and eco-zealots who prevent them from getting to work.
They talk of fiscal responsibility, but would borrow a further £28 billion more.
They talk of opportunity, but would tax education and halve apprenticeships.
The hon.
Lady has talked empathetically on the cost of living, yet is very happy to clobber hard-working people who can least afford it with higher taxes, the ultra low emission zone and lower tax allowances.
They talk of hope, but they would bring despair, as many in Wales are now having to endure.
I put on record my thanks to Mark Drakeford for his service, but I remind people of Labour’s record in Wales.
It is a good job that the nativity did not take place in Labour-run Wales.
Mary and Joseph would have been clobbered for an overnight stay levy.
She would have had poor maternity services.
The shepherds would not have been able to take the time off to bear witness due to cuts in the rural affairs budget, and the three wise men would have arrived post-Epiphany due to the blanket 20 mph speed limit and the poor condition of the road network.
Do not fall for what Labour says; look at what it does when in power.
Not all men who wear red and promise free gifts are to be trusted.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.