I am not familiar with the specific situation that the hon.
Gentleman raises about a dispute with the Health and Safety Executive.
I will of course make sure that the relevant Minister meets him to deal with this issue.
I have to say that my previous experience of Cambridge City Council was that it was tending to implement policies such as its congestion charging scheme, which it has now had to drop because it was so unpopular.
It was not focused on getting traffic moving, but being against the interests of road users.
I am glad that he welcomes that change.
Leeds is one of the most congested cities in the country, mainly because it is the largest city in Europe without a rail-based public transport system.
Why do the Government have such contempt for the citizens of Leeds?
When will we see a decent public transport system in our city?
That is an extraordinary question, given that the Government have, in the Network North announcement that the Prime Minister made, put aside £2.5 billion for a mass transit system in Leeds so that Leeds no longer remains one of the largest cities in Europe without one.
I have to say that that investment in Leeds to benefit his constituents is possible only because of the choice that this Government made to cancel the second phase of HS2 and to spend the money on that mass transit system in Leeds.
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman did not welcome that significant investment for his constituents.
What estimate he has made of the net cost to the public purse of land purchased and planned for sale in connection with HS2 phase 2.
What estimate he has made of the net cost to the public purse of land purchased and planned for sale in connection with HS2 phase 2.
As of October 2023, a total of £573 million had been spent acquiring land and property assets on phase 2.
That includes all property asset types, such as plots of land, farmland, farms, commercial property and domestic property.
Any land and property asset that is no longer required will be sold, and a programme is being developed to do that.
Data from the High-Speed Rail Group suggests that the Government’s fire sale of land on the former Birmingham to Manchester stretch of HS2 will cost taxpayers a staggering £100 million.
But they are not content with wasting taxpayers’ money and denying us the high-speed rail in the north that we  deserve; Denton and Reddish is not even set to benefit from local rail improvements.
That would not be hard—I have one train a week serving Denton and Reddish South stations.
Why?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman mentioned that report, because it is completely wrong.
For a start, it states that £205 million has been spent on land and property, which is wrong—it is a different figure.
What is it, then?
I just stated exactly what it is, if the hon.
Lady had listened to my answer.
We have published exactly how much has been spent: on phase 2a it was £273 million, and on phase 2b it was £201 million.
Property and land will be sold only when it is right to do so, ensuring good value for the taxpayer and the communities where the property is sold.
It is my understanding that HS2 trains are designed for new tracks rather than the current Victorian-era infrastructure.
Surely, that incompatibility will result in HS2 trains running slower and in fewer trains per hour for my constituents.
Can the Minister explain how decreased capacity across the network, slower trains and reduced services will be better for my constituents?
Again, that is not the case at all.
HS2 trains will be built to run across the network that they will travel on.
I made the point previously that on the parts of the west coast main line where tilting trains go faster, HS2 trains will also be able to go at that faster speed.
As a result, the journey time to Manchester will come down from two hours and 12 minutes to one hour and 40 minutes, leading to a faster service for all,  Mr Speaker.
Marvellous.
As the Minister will know, I very much welcome the decision on phase 2 of HS2.
However, there is still an impact on many land and property owners in Staffordshire.
We heard in the Transport Committee that it could take up to two years to get land back to those owners.
Will my hon.
Friend look into this urgently to ensure that those property owners—particularly farmers, who need to know when they can sow their crops—get that land back as soon as possible?
In the words of Take That, I ask my hon.
Friend for a little patience.
It will take time to develop a programme to ensure that we deliver value for money for the taxpayer and do not disrupt local property markets.
We will engage with the affected communities throughout the process.
Where land can be rented back out and therefore put to use—farming is a good example —that is happening right now, and we will ensure that that happens even more so now that we have certainty about HS2.