Three years ago, the Government hailed the deal to manufacture HS2 trains in Britain as putting the country “firmly at the forefront of the high speed rail revolution”.
Today, the jobs of the skilled people who work in that industry and build those trains in Derby and Newton Aycliffe  are at risk.
There are just days left to find a solution.
Will the Secretary of State, specifically, meet Hitachi and Alstom as a matter of urgency?
Does he accept that if Ministers fail to act in the coming days, the final legacy of this shambolic Government will be thousands of skilled jobs lost and HS2 trains built abroad?
I am slightly surprised by the hon.
Gentleman.
He wrote to my hon.
Friend the Rail Minister on  17 November , asking a series of, I am afraid, quite ill-informed questions.
I sent him a comprehensive reply on  24 November , which I note he has not chosen to publicise.
He tries to pretend that our decision on HS2 has something to do with this.
I made it quite clear that Alstom’s contract with Hitachi—their joint venture to design, build and maintain HS2 trains—is for phase 1 only.
Phase 1 of HS2 is continuing.
That position was reiterated by Alstom group’s chief executive in his commentary on its recent results.
I have met both Alstom and Hitachi regularly since the decision on Network North.
I am afraid that Alstom’s problems predate our decision on HS2, and the hon.
Gentleman’s attempt to play party politics on this incredibly serious matter, on which the Government are working very hard on a cross-party basis with the companies and the trade unions, is beneath him.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Government proposals to reduce net migration on the transport sector workforce.
I regularly engage with Cabinet colleagues on Government policy, including migration, and my Department works closely with organisations across the transport industry to understand the sector’s concerns about the transport labour market.
The driver shortage in the UK is far from over and, according to sector insiders, a “tipping point” is looming.
Figures from the Office for National Statistics show that there were 6,000 fewer delivery and courier drivers in the UK in 2023 than in the previous year, and more than half the UK’s HGV drivers are due to retire in the next decade.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that this ticking time bomb does not blow up in our face as happened during the period following Brexit?
Surely migration is part of the solution.
It is disappointing that the SNP’s first response to any tightness in the labour market is to want to import people from abroad.
My colleague the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, along with the fantastic officials in that Department and our jobcentre network, is ensuring that we provide skills training for those who are already in the United Kingdom so that we can deal with the skills shortages, as we did so effectively in the case of HGV drivers when, during and following the pandemic, we worked rapidly to get more of them into the industry.
What recent discussions he has had with airport operators on the introduction of new security scanners by June 2024.