The Government’s plans to have five sustainable aviation fuel plants under construction by 2025 look doomed.
We are falling behind competitors who have a head start on SAF infrastructure, and with hydrogen likely to be the dominant fuel source for aviation beyond SAFs, we also need hydrogen infrastructure.
Grangemouth currently supplies Scottish airports with fuel, and has the right feedstocks and infrastructure to turn waste and renewable electricity into jet fuel.
What are the Government doing to save Grangemouth as part of a just transition to net zero, and when will we see plans for a contract for difference-type scheme for SAFs?
As I outlined in my previous answer, with SAFs we are generating a whole new industry.
It is happening across the world.
I spoke at the International Civil Aviation Organisation conference in Dubai, and to aviation Ministers from around the world, and all are trying to promote this industry.
We are probably more advanced here than anywhere else in the country, and as I mentioned, we are funding 13 different schemes to get the industry going.
I will meet SAF producers in the next couple of days, and we want information from them about what is needed.
What is needed is certainty, and there are benefits from across the country in both Scotland and England.
There are huge economic benefits from this, and it could create many thousands of jobs.
What steps he plans to take to improve traffic flows in towns and cities.
What steps he is taking to support motorists.
This Government recognise that most journeys in this country are made by car, and that is why we are providing comprehensive support for motorists through our plan for drivers, which includes a package of measures to improve traffic flow, and also through the £8.3 billion investment in road resurfacing.
That historic investment in road condition will benefit all road users, as we have set out in earlier answers.
Despite the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister saying that the war against the motorist is over, is he aware that many Labour local authorities have not got the message, with unwanted low-traffic neighbourhoods in place, unjustified 20 mph speed limits being proposed and traffic lights phased deliberately to delay traffic flows, causing added pollution?
Will he consider giving advice to local authorities that they should do all they can to improve traffic flows and not disrupt them because of some misguided dogma against the motorist?
My right hon.
Friend is right: we are pro-driver, but also pro- public transport and pro-active travel, and those things are about giving people better choices and making sure that councils do not deliver anti-driver traffic management measures.
The network management duty requires local authorities to manage their roads as efficiently as possible for the benefit of all road users, including drivers, which some of them forget from time to time.
We have also announced new funding totalling £40 million specifically for improvements to traffic lights to keep local roads moving, including deploying machine learning and artificial intelligence to optimise traffic flow to get cars moving.
The plan for drivers clearly shows that this Government are on the side of Britain’s motorists, but there is one missing link, which is rural roads.
When a rural road is closed by a utility company or others, the diversion is not just a quick five minutes, but often half an hour or 40 minutes.
Buckinghamshire Council tells me that the current fines system is just too low and the utility companies shrug it off.
Can my right hon.
Friend take real action to ensure that councils can properly fine utility companies when they disrupt rural communities?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point that I am well aware of, representing a rural constituency myself.
Some of the benefits of investment in infrastructure such as broadband do bring with them traffic disruption.
One of the things we have put in place, as I mentioned in an earlier answer, is the change to make sure that good utility companies will have much less inspection and much less cost involved in delivery.
Those utility companies that leave behind a mess, and therefore cause that disruption over and over again, will face more inspections and more costs, incentivising them to do a better job for his and my constituents.