The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to ensure that new rail infrastructure meets the needs of communities in the east of England.
Mr Speaker, may I start by thanking you very much for bringing us all together at the carol concert yesterday, as you always do?
I trust that this next hour will also be in keeping with the season of good will.
We are delivering record rail investment in the east of England, including upgrading the midland main line, a new station at Cambridge South, improvements at Ely and Horley junctions to increase passenger and freight capacity, and a new railway connecting eastern towns and cities to Oxford, which will deliver transformational growth across the region.
Wixams new town in my constituency was built in the perfect location for rail connectivity, but over a decade after moving into their homes, residents are still waiting for a start date to be confirmed, let alone for a station to open.
Will the Minister work with local stakeholders and Network Rail to get sign-off for that line and ensure that my residents can finally enjoy the rail connectivity that they were promised?
I am happy to give that commitment to work with the residents.
Indeed, I recently spoke to the Mayor of Bedford on that exact point.
We are working at pace to get the station delivered.
There are also funding requirements that involve the local region, which have been agreed to previously, and we are keen to make progress.
My hon.
Friend has referred to the Horley junction and Ely junction developments, which came as very welcome news in October.
The Horley junction development, in particular, is a very small project.
It would be excellent to get a starting date agreed for next year, with the business case  sorted out, recognising how that could improve resilience not only for passengers, but for freight and the port of Felixstowe.
My right hon.
Friend has been an absolute champion for that project, as have other hon.
Friends present.
We are keen to make progress.
The Secretary of State and I were very keen to see the project brought in, which was possible only because of the Prime Minister’s decisions on Network North in October.
We are looking to make rapid progress on it, and I have heard my right hon.
Friend’s call and will work to that speed.
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
The Government are committed to reforming the railways and ensuring that they are customer focused and commercially led, with the creation of Great British Railways to bring together infrastructure, operations and oversight of whole-industry finance.
In the interim, the Department continues to hold the rail industry to account to deliver the punctual and reliable services that passengers and taxpayers deserve.
In November last year, services on the west of England line out of London terminated at Axminster because of a land slip near Honiton.
The same line has been closed for nine days this month, and passengers at Feniton are unable to travel to Exeter or London.
Will the Minister ease the delays and cancellations for passengers in Honiton by dualling the track from Chard Junction to Axminster and adding a passing loop?
With the Prime Minister’s Network North commitment, £36 billion-worth of transport projects will be going ahead in other parts.
I am happy to look at the project to which the hon.
Gentleman refers.
I should also mention that I am aware that there have been problems on the western and Wales routes, particularly those coming out of Paddington.
The chief executive of Network Rail is also well aware of those problems and is taking action to ensure that we remedy the situation.
So many families in Pembrokeshire have sons and daughters working away or studying all over the country who will want to get home this Christmas.
With such poor rail services into Wales, what assurances has the Minister had from companies such as Great Western Railway that they will stop putting on five-carriage trains when they should be running 10 carriages; that they will have a full roster of drivers available in the days ahead, so that we can have a full complement of services running; and that services will not be cut short in places such as Swansea and Carmarthen, leaving my constituents stranded late at night?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
With Christmas eve and new year’s eve falling on Sundays this year, the team at GWR had to approach the Department because drivers were requesting  additional payments for driving trains on those Sundays, as Sunday is still not part of a working seven-day week on the railway.
We have delivered on that commitment, but the fundamental reform point remains: we need ASLEF and other trade unions to ensure that we have a modern railway that works seven days a week.
I can give him an assurance that everything is being done, but a lot more could be done if we could reform with the unions’ co-operation.
What role does the Northern Transport Acceleration Council have in Network North?
Being straight, transparent and open, I will write to the hon.
Member and give him that detail, rather than attempt to make it up at Christmas time.
Until fairly recently, Northern Trains provided a Saturdays-only service between Sheffield and Cleethorpes via Brigg.
That has now changed to one train a day, five days a week, allowing people only an hour and a half to enjoy the shopping in Grimsby or the excellent resort of Cleethorpes.
Could my hon.
Friend look into this matter and contact me after speaking with Northern Trains?
Yes, I will do so.
We have discussed that service before and are looking at a timetable alteration for the future.
I will ensure that is looked at with my hon.
Friend’s point very much in mind.