Nollaig Chridheil agus Bliadhna Mhath Ùr a th’uile daoine—[Translation: “Merry Christmas and a happy new year to everyone.”
] Last week, the Leader of the House was unwilling or unable to answer my question about her Government’s latest immigration mess.
Instead, she gave Scots another lecture from Westminster, this time about morality and her own global leadership.
A lecture on morality from this Tory Government: pantomime season is truly upon us.
Was she talking about the morality of her “pile the bodies high” Government, or perhaps recalling the time her Government said, “We are breaking the law, but only in a limited way”?
Is it the morality that allows water companies to make a fortune in profits as children get sick swimming in raw sewage off the coast of England, or the morality that forces families of service personnel to live in quarters so riddled with damp and mould that they are judged too poor for human habitation?
Perhaps that is the morality she had in mind.
Could it be the morality of the return of near-Victorian levels of destitution across the UK?
Perhaps she was thinking of the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign.
Perhaps she could lecture them about morality and see what they have to say to her.
Before the Leader of the House launches into—mercifully—her last video nasty of the year, I hope she can answer my question today.
It is the same question I asked last week, which remains unanswered and mired in confusion thanks to her Prime Minister.
This morning’s statement on “Citizens’ rights” might well address it, but we should have debated such drastic changes before now in this place anyway.
It is supposed to be the season of goodwill, but so many of our constituents are now deeply concerned and frightened by the announcement, so I will ask again on their behalf: if the spouse or partner of a British citizen is currently living in the UK on a leave to remain visa, can they be deported if their salary is less than £38,700?
Yes or no?
Let me start by wishing the hon.
Lady and her SNP colleagues a very happy Christmas.
I point her to what the Prime Minister said yesterday in Prime Minister’s questions about further information coming forward in the new year.
I said last week that I fully understand that people in particular professions, including the armed forces, will want answers.
My office stands ready to facilitate any particular cases or requests in the meantime.
Transition arrangements will be announced shortly, as the Prime Minister put on record loud and clear yesterday.
I do not know where to start with the hon.
Lady’s lecture on morality.
She mentioned vulnerable people, yet this week the SNP announced that Scotland’s national care service will be pushed back three years.
She mentioned the armed forces, but her Government are insisting that they pay higher tax, and this Government are compensating them for that.
If she wants to find Victorian levels of rats and rickets, she should go to SNP-run local authorities.
I think we should have a festive round-up on SNP morality: 12 hours of police questioning, 11 grand in roaming charges, 10 years without school inspections, nine sham embassies, eight years of poor child mental health, seven years without ferries, six years shirking welfare, five hundred million overspent on Edinburgh’s tram, four million to install a heat pump, three high-profile arrests, two overseas jollies, and a dodgy Jaguar EV.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] I have succeeded in bringing a smile to the hon.
Lady’s face.
I must thank her for being the gift that keeps on giving at business  questions.
I hope that in 2024 better things are destined for the Scottish people: better education, health, transport and opportunities, and better value for the taxes they pay.
I hope that all their MPs will come here, represent their interests and take responsibility for the authority that they are given.
That is my Christmas wish.
In the new year, can we have a series of debates celebrating all the positive things happening in our constituencies?
They include the £64 million of levelling-up cash for Marsden Mills and the Huddersfield-Penistone line in my area; a brand-new A&E unit; the west Yorkshire investment zone investing in Huddersfield university; the trans-Pennine upgrade; and wonderful community groups such as those in Milnsbridge Village Hall and the Friend To Friend group, where I will join pensioners tomorrow for a Christmas lunch.
Can we please celebrate these positive things happening in our communities?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the considerable achievements that he and his constituents have secured over the past year.
I am reminded of the, very sadly, late Benjamin Zephaniah, who as guest editor on the “Today” programme insisted that it be just about good news.
We could all do with that occasionally.
My hon.
Friend knows how to apply for a debate in the usual way.