The Prime Minister made the right long-term decision to redirect money from HS2 towards the local journeys that matter most, ensuring that more people in more places will see benefits more quickly.
That is what the British people want, it is what the country needs, and it is what we are delivering.
Will my right hon.
Friend say when the strategic objectives behind Network North will be announced and published?
Can he confirm that any projects announced so far are consistent with those objectives, and whether any of the HS2 funding will come to London and the south-east?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
As I set out, the objective of the decision is to ensure that that £36 billion of transport spending, which we are reinvesting in transport projects, will benefit more people, in more places across the country, more quickly.
We are investing £6.5 billion pounds of savings from HS2 outside the north and midlands, which will benefit his constituents as well.
That includes additional funding for London— Order.
Come on boys, you’re going to have to help me.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I wish you, Mr Speaker, and the whole House a very merry Christmas?
Why have the Government wasted £95 million on technology to retrofit buses that does not work?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have done a great deal of work to make sure that buses are compliant with the emissions rules.
There are some technical issues being worked through at the moment, but I am not in a position to announce any decisions yet.
We will announce to the House in due course when that work is completed.
Bus services are disappearing at record levels, yet the Secretary of State’s Department has wasted almost £100 million on retrofitting technology that does not work, because it was never tested outside a lab.
Even for this Government, this is a shocking display of  incompetence and waste.
Will he now work with those cities left with useless technology and ensure that the next round of zero-emissions funding is targeted there, so that they can get on with the job of cleaning up our air and cleaning up his mess?
Once again, the hon.
Lady simply does not recognise the significant investment that we have made in bus services.
We have announced a significant amount of extra money for protecting bus routes, we have rolled out funding to deliver the £2 bus fare cap, and we have announced the money to deliver zero-emission buses and delivered the full 1,000 we said we would deliver.
There has been a huge amount of investment in bus services, because we know it is the most popular form of public transport and we will always back it.
My right hon.
Friend’s Department has ensured that many bus passengers can benefit from the £2 cap on fares, but sadly Red Rose buses in my constituency is not offering it because the company says it is not compulsory.
Will my right hon.
Friend help me persuade all bus companies to do the right thing for Aylesbury’s residents, including by meeting bosses of the companies that refuse?
I am disappointed to hear that news from Aylesbury.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and to invite the bus company in to explain why it is not taking up the Government’s generous offer.
Earlier this year, the UK Government pledged to fund a bridge repair in the constituency of the hon.
Member for Moray (Douglas Ross).
The Newburgh train station campaign is working to re-establish a train station that will provide a vital transport link.
Assuming that strategic funding is not just available to Members of the Conservative party, who can I speak to in order to get that station re-established?
On her first point, we are working with the local authority to progress that scheme, which was announced earlier.
On her specific point, I will arrange for the relevant Minister to meet her so that she can put forward the case for that scheme, and we will look at whether it is possible to do anything to help her.
I know the Minister understands that open-access rail can provide better, cheaper, more varied and more resilient services for passengers.
In the next few weeks or months, how much rail network capacity does he expect to make available for open-access services from currently unused track slots, potentially from unused slots freed up by timetable improvements and from services currently provided by the operator of last resort?