Between July and September, Ministers admitted that tens of millions of pounds of taxpayers’ money had been spent on HS2 land, at the same time that the Prime Minister was planning to cancel the project.
Now, Ministers plan to flog that same land at a huge loss.
Even the party  that crashed the economy is still able to find unique ways to fleece the taxpayer.
Will the Minister explain what safeguards he will put in place to protect the land and taxpayers’ money from this ill-judged and costly fire sale?
Despite what I said about this being the season of good will, quite frankly that is complete and utter nonsense.
As I have stated, there will be a very careful analysis of the property that will be released.
The Crichel Down rules require tests to be met, and only once they are will we return the property to the original owner at its market value.
This will be done properly.
We have delivered certainty: we have said that the route will not go ahead.
What I am sure everyone along the line of the route would like to know is whether HS2 would go ahead under the Labour Transport team, or whether it would not, because of the Labour Treasury team.
Give them some certainty.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the UK emissions trading scheme on domestic ferry services.
The UK ETS Authority will publish a second consultation on the implementation of the UK ETS in 2024.
We welcome any evidence in response to the consultation.
We will publish a full analysis of the policy’s impact in the Government’s response to the consultation.
The Department has not yet conducted a full assessment of the implications for domestic ferries.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer.
He may be aware that there are many in the shipping industry who are concerned that including lifeline ferry services, such as those that serve my constituency, in the emissions trading scheme could hinder rather than help the process of decarbonisation.
The EU has already recognised that by giving its lifeline ferry services a derogation until 2030.
Will the shipping Minister—I know it is not this Minister’s responsibility—engage with operators in Scotland and elsewhere to ensure that we are not hit by the law of unintended consequences?
I very much welcome that question.
The right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland is a doughty champion for ferries in those islands and I know how important ferry services are for residents there.
We have been very careful, across our transport decarbonisation plan, not to damage industries or sectors.
We have given many billions of pounds in support for the whole range of different transport sectors and domestic ferries are very much a part of that.
I am very happy to engage with the sector and to meet him to ensure that the ferries can carry on transporting passengers throughout Orkney, Shetland and elsewhere in the British Isles.