The Prime Minister’s Network North announcement gave that commitment on the Ivanhoe line down to Leicester.
We are fully committed to that.
I know that I am due to be meeting the hon.
Member on another matter, so I will give him more of an update then.
Like many, I welcomed what was going on with Network North, particularly the announcement of Ferryhill Station.
When it comes to the final assessment and decisions, we need to ensure that the right question is asked, as the Green Book says.
The right question is: what is the socioeconomic benefit to the towns and villages around the station, not to the GDP of the UK?
May I ask for that assurance please?
That was another commitment that the Prime Minister made in the Network North announcement.
My hon.
Friend has campaigned for Ferryhill Station for so long, and I thank him for bringing it forward.
The business case will look at the socioeconomic conditions that he mentions, and I am confident that we will be able to get spades in the ground for his station very shortly.
LNER is going to consult again on altering the timetable to increase the frequency of trains from Edinburgh and Newcastle to London, but that inherently means a reduction in services to West Yorkshire, Manchester and Merseyside.
That is  very sad, and it is bad for the northern economy.
This is not a timetabling issue; it is a capacity issue on the east coast main line.
Can we have some investment in the east coast main line, north of York, to remedy those problems?
As things stand, we are unable to operate that service because the trans-Pennine route upgrade, which is delivering the billions of pounds’ worth of investment to enhance the route that the hon.
Member asks for, is currently being constructed.
That will provide the bandwidth.
As I mentioned, today we hope to get a decision from Transport for the North that will improve services and add an extra service north to south.
Then, with the multi-billion pound investment in the trans-Pennine route upgrade, we will get east-west service improvements as well.
In Hyndburn and Haslingden, we are hoping to have a very happy new year, as we hope to hear the announcement that both Rishton Station and Church and Oswaldtwistle Station have been successful in the Government’s Access for All scheme.
Can any indication be given of when we might hear the announcement, and will the Government look favourably on them?
It is worth noting that 75% of all rail journeys now take place from step-free stations, with 220 stations made step-free under Access for All.
We have 300 in the list for the next batch, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that hers are in that long list.
We will decide shortly which ones to take forward next year.
Will the ministerial team stop briefing against hydrogen combustion engines?
The fact is that hydrogen is on its way, in trucks and JCBs.
Cummins in my constituency is prepared for three years.
[Interruption.]
When will the Secretary of State stop?
Order.
Hang on a minute.
Do not take advantage, Barry, because I will not call you again otherwise.
The hon.
Gentleman is simply wrong.
Not only are we not briefing against hydrogen combustion engines; we are very supportive of them.
I have been to Cummins.
I have been to JCB.
I have looked at the fantastic work that is being done developing hydrogen.
We have some world-leading companies here.
The Department is very supportive, and working closely with them.
I commend the work of my disabled young constituent, Nathaniel Yates from Reddish, who has assessed every   single railway station in Greater Manchester.
Too many of them are not step free.
We have the money for Reddish North, but when can we get the money for Levenshulme?
I commend that work as well.
In fact, the Great British Railways transition team has done a station accessibility study auditing every one of our 2,500 stations.
That report is due out shortly.
I hope that the team can work with the hon.
Member’s constituency to come up with some good data and improve access for all.
The key element of Scarborough’s successful town bid is the station gateway project, but getting permission from Network Rail to knock a new entrance into the back of the station is proving slow and bureaucratic.
Can the Secretary of State gently lean on Network Rail a bit, please?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that question.
I am sure that Network Rail will have heard that.
I will take it away, raise it with Network Rail, and get back to him to let him know whether we can make that go faster.
The latest of many improvements to Gloucester Station since 2010 includes vital work on the station underpass and forecourt; however, contractor costs have risen since the original station improvement fund award.
Will the Rail Minister agree to meet me and Great Western Railways to resolve that potential issue?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and neighbour for that question.
I am very familiar with the investment and work that is currently being undertaken at Gloucester Station, as it is the one that I use on a regular basis when getting the train to London.
The Rail Minister will be delighted to meet with him to see whether there is more that we can do to take those matters forward.
Inevitably, concerns about overcrowding will come up this afternoon at a Chiltern Railways drop-in at Marylebone with Buckinghamshire MPs, so can the Rail Minister assure me that the Government are doing everything possible to push Chiltern to improve?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Department is working closely with Chiltern as it looks to get more rolling stock to replace some of its ageing diesel stock.
There are capacity issues, as he notes, because more people are using the railways, which is a great success, but we will work with the operator to ensure that it gets the rolling stock it needs.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office if he will make a statement on the urgent threat posed to Guyana by Venezuela and the Government’s response to it.
Mr Speaker, you of all people know the importance of the Commonwealth—[Interruption.]
Sorry—late night.
We dare not ask where.
I will not ask where either, Mr Speaker, but it is good to see my hon.
Friend here right now.
We are deeply concerned about the recent steps taken by Venezuela with respect to the Essequibo region in Guyana.
I know that will be a key concern to the shadow Foreign Secretary and Members across the House, and we share those concerns.
We believe Venezuela’s actions are clearly unjustified and should cease.
We are clear that the border was settled in 1899 through international arbitration.
The Foreign Secretary has made that clear in a recent meeting and calls with President Ali of Guyana.
The UK, countries in the region and the international community have been swift to respond.
I have been in close contact with partners in the region to urge de-escalation, and earlier this week the Minister of State for Development and Africa, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , attended an emergency meeting of the Commonwealth ministerial group on Guyana, which issued a clear statement rejecting the use of threat of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Guyana.
Brazil and other countries in the region have expressed their deep concern at the situation and warned against unilateral actions that threaten the peace and stability of the region.
The UN Security Council met in closed session last Friday, at Guyana’s request, to discuss the situation.
We note that a meeting will take place later today between President Maduro and President Ali under the auspices of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, CELAC, and hope that that will reaffirm the importance of a peaceful resolution to this important matter.
We will continue to work with allies and partners in the region and through international bodies such as  the UN Security Council, the Commonwealth and the Organisation of American States to ensure that the territorial integrity of Guyana is respected.
I plan to visit Guyana in the coming days to further show our support for the Guyanese people on this vital issue.
It is imperative that regional partners and friends across the House, in the region and around the world continue to press the Maduro regime to respect Guyana’s integrity and to avoid escalation.
I will try again, Mr Speaker.
I am delighted to hear that the Minister is going to Guyana, which is an important part of the family of the Commonwealth.
I am also deeply pleased that the two  Presidents are meeting today in St Vincent to try to hammer out the situation.
It must be of worry to this Government and to this House that a Commonwealth country is being set upon by a failing state because it wants to grab land to do oil exploration and take oil.
That is not an acceptable position to anybody in this House.
The other problem is that the Brazilians are moving troops to their border to ensure its integrity, and I am also told that American military advisers are going to Guyana to help with the situation.
The Guyanese have armed forces of 4,000; the Venezuelans have 350,000.
I urge this Government to stand solidly behind Guyana, not just as a Commonwealth country, but as a country in South America.
I remember that the last time there was an issue in South America, in ’82, it did not end well, and we stood for the oppressed.
I urge this Government not just to send the Minister to visit, but to make sure that there is tangible help for the people of Guyana to encourage them to stand up for their rights.
The Government completely agree that the current situation is not acceptable.
We are deeply concerned by the unilateral move by Venezuela over this region.
Our position is absolutely clear and has not changed: the border was settled in 1899 through international arbitration.
Venezuela must desist from its action.
It has deliberately and unacceptably escalated the situation, and the people of Guyana deserve to be free from the threats to their country.
We work closely with our friends in the region.
My hon.
Friend mentioned Brazil.
Of course, we have been in conversations with Brazil, which has taken a robust stance.
I know that my Opposition counterpart with responsibility for Latin American affairs feels the same way.
We are, across the House, completely opposed to this sort of action.
We want peace and stability in Latin America to continue for decades to come.
We come to the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for securing the question on this important matter.
The actions of Venezuela over the past few weeks have been provocative and dangerous.
President Maduro has shown a determination to stoke historical grievances, attack recognised international borders and seek aggressive confrontation instead of good neighbourly relations.
All that sounds worryingly familiar, because it is the playbook of President Putin.
We have challenged it in Ukraine, and we must do the same in Guyana.
We often talk in abstract terms about the importance of a rules-based international order, but this is its essence: that disputes are settled peacefully through proper legal and diplomatic processes, not through threats or intimidation; that settled and recognised borders are not subject to change through threat or force; and that the big cannot bully the small.
We must be resolute in standing up to those with imperialist ambitions.