Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  18 December  will include: Monday 18 December —Second Reading of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Tuesday 19 December —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the Post Office (Horizon System) Compensation Bill.
The House will rise for the Christmas recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 19 December  and return on  Monday 8 January 2024 .
The business for the week commencing  8 January  will include: Monday 8 January —Second Reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Tuesday 9 January —Opposition day (2nd allotted day) debate on a motion in the name of the Leader of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 10 January —Committee of the Whole House on the Finance Bill, followed by Third Reading of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill.
Thursday 11 January —Debate on a motion on SEND—special educational needs and disabilities—provision and funding, followed by a debate on a motion on Jewish communities and the potential merits of a Jewish history month.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 12 January —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 January  includes: Monday 15 January —Committee of the Whole House on the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Colleagues will also wish to be aware that, subject to the progress of business, the House will rise for the February recess on  Thursday 8 February  and return on  Monday 19 February , rise for the Easter recess on  Tuesday 26 March  and return on  Monday 15 April , rise for the May bank holiday on  Thursday 2
May  and return on  Tuesday 7 May , rise for the Whitsun half-term on  Thursday 23 May  and return on  Monday 3 June , and rise for the summer recess on  Tuesday 23 July .
Further recess dates and business will be announced in the usual way.
May I first put on record our gratitude to Mark Drakeford, a model of public service and public duty?
Mr Speaker, I wish you, House staff, Members’ staff, colleagues, journalists, security staff and our public service workers a very merry and restful Christmas.
I thank the Leader of the House for finally announcing the recess dates.
One thing we do know about next year is that it will be a general election year.
I say—bring it on.
This is our last business question of the year, and there is a number of outstanding commitments that were promised before we broke up.
First, on the infected blood scandal, can the Leader of the House confirm that the Cabinet Office will update the House on the compensation scheme before the House rises, as promised?
As we discussed last week, the Government got things badly wrong by voting against the amendment from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , and breaking another commitment to update us on progress would add insult to injury.
Given her previous personal and ministerial commitments on this issue, can the Leader of the House ensure that that statement is made next week?
A new process of risk-based exclusions from the parliamentary estate of Members under investigation for serious violent or sexual offences has finally been published this morning.
I thank the Leader of the House and you, Mr Speaker, for the sterling efforts in getting us to this stage.
Given that we have now missed the original timetable of a motion on it before Christmas, when can we expect this to be scheduled?
Not only did the Prime Minister promise to stop the boats this year, which he has not done, he also promised to get his emergency legislation through in record time, yet there is no sign of the coming Committee stage in what the Leader of the House has announced today—some emergency.
It is no surprise, however, because the Prime Minister is too weak to push it through.
Yet again, the Conservatives are tearing themselves apart, with star chambers, the five families and so on, but they are not starring in a mafia saga.
They are supposed to be running the country, but they are not fit to govern.
While real families struggle to heat their homes, put food on the table and afford Christmas, this lot are just playing at politics.
Can the Leader of the House even confirm that the Committee stage will come in January?
In all their desperate attempts to persuade their colleagues this week, reports have emerged of enticements of Government funding to constituencies in exchange for votes, and not for the first time.
Can she put on record that this is absolutely not the case?