The Transport Committee, with which the Minister is fairly familiar, heard evidence last week that, thanks to the cancellation of HS2 phase 2 to Manchester and the inability of high-speed rolling stock to tilt on the remaining west coast main line track, journey times  to and from Glasgow could actually increase by up to 24 minutes, even with the £50 billion Birmingham  to London branch line complete.
Does the Minister think that passengers in Scotland will see that as yet another Union connectivity dividend?
No, I do not agree.
In fact, when that matter came up at the Public Accounts Committee, the official who works on HS2 was able to explain that, where trains tilt, they can do so at certain speeds on the west coast main line.
However, that does not actually require a tilting train: any train can go at that speed, provided the speed is on the train.
HS2 trains will also have faster acceleration, so I dispute the hon.
Member’s point.
Some trains on the west coast main line would be more helpful, I think.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
Mr Speaker, before responding, given that these are the last Transport questions of the year, may I put on record my gratitude to the staff of the House, and also to those across the transport sector who will be working tirelessly across the Christmas period to ensure that families can get together and goods can keep moving?
As part of the Prime Minister’s Network North plan, the Government are providing a record funding increase of £8.3 billion for local highways maintenance over the next decade, which will enable local highway authorities to resurface roads up and down the country.
Potholes are a scourge everywhere, so I am not only very grateful for the additional Government funding, but very impressed by the responsiveness and the quality of work by Dudley Council’s highways department.
Will the Secretary of State agree to visit Dudley, and would he support tighter contracting frameworks by local authorities so that utility companies and others are made to pay for all the consequences of their substandard work?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend, including for telling us about the good work that his local authority is doing to improve the quality of local roads.
Utility companies already have legal duties to ensure that their works and reinstatements are to required standards.
Earlier this year, we introduced a new performance-based street works regime to crack down on the worst performing companies leaving behind poor road surface repairs that can lead to more potholes.
Those with higher failure rates are now inspected more often and are charged for it, so companies are incentivised to carry out good-quality reinstatements first time and to repair existing defects.
As a civil engineer, I am always excited to hear about more money being spent on the highways, but is the Secretary of State aware of the Pothole Pro?
This is a machine, developed by Staffordshire-based JCB, that can allegedly repair a pothole in as little as eight minutes.
Should that sort of technology be rolled out across the country so that we do not just spend more money, but spend it more effectively?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of tools to deliver increased productivity so that we get more for what we spend.
I was lucky enough to visit JCB myself and see the Pothole Pro in action, as well as the innovative work it is doing, as a fantastic world leader in innovation, on some of its hydrogen engines for its mobile off-road machinery.
I am sure that local councils will look carefully at the Pothole Pro and other technologies that can help us make the best use of that record investment in road improvements.