The Prime Minister announced the electrification of the rail line to Hull in October at the Conservative party conference, so will the Minister tell me what the start date for that work will be?
As part of the engagement exercise, which the Prime Minister promised, I have met leaders from across the north.
Last week, it was a pleasure to meet those from the region around Hull to discuss their preferred route.
They made the point that the route should be prioritised because electrification has been talked about before, and I think that is a very good idea.
I emphasise to the Government the point made by my neighbour, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey), about pressing ahead with the Ely junction and Haughley junction schemes.
Network Rail has done much of the preparatory work and is poised to get on with it as quickly as possible.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that scheme again.
I know it is an important issue for colleagues in the east of England and I am delighted that we are able to make progress as a result of the decision on Network North.
I have discussed it with Network Rail and the next steps involve the development of the full business case.
Network Rail has what it needs to make progress, and I know my hon.
Friend will be wishing it every speed.
Over the past year, yet more people have been killed or seriously injured on our roads, and the UK’s record on that has plateaued.
While we have accident investigation organisations for air, maritime and rail, we do not have one for roads.
The Government promised to set up a road safety investigation branch last year.
When will that become a reality?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising the important issue of road safety.
I notice that the statistics she set out are inconsistent with those set out by her hon.
Friend,  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) .
She recognises that our road safety record is not going backwards, as he suggested.
When there is a fatality, road accidents are investigated by the relevant authorities, and that remains the position.
We learn lessons from accidents, so that when we build new road infrastructure it has safety at its heart.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on the progress of the potential return of the direct rail link from King’s Cross to Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
My hon.
Friend follows my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cleethorpes (Martin Vickers)  in raising that matter at Transport questions.
They are without doubt the strongest lobbyists when it comes to train timetabling changes.
She will have seen the test train that ran in June.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said at the last Transport questions that we hope to make an announcement shortly.
It is something that we are working on.
Of the 4,000 zero-emission buses promised in the national bus strategy, only 660 have been funded outside London and half of those have gone to overseas manufacturers.
What are the Government doing to help UK manufacturers develop competitive zero-emission buses capable of longer distance journeys?
I was delighted to meet and engage with many of the different manufacturers from the UK only two weeks ago.
I look forward to discussing the matter with them in more detail.
What conversations is the Minister having with Southern and Thameslink about increasing rail capacity and running longer services from Carshalton and Wallington, addressing the dangerous gap at Hackbridge station, and installing step-free access at Carshalton Beeches station?
I have met my hon.
Friend and I appreciate the work that he does campaigning for the stations in his constituency.
I have regular conversations with people from Govia Thameslink Railway, and I know that they have recently increased capacity on some busy services through Carshalton and Hackbridge.
On Hackbridge station, I offer to meet him with a team from Network Rail to see whether we can address the matter that he mentions.
Such was the excitement in Wales in 2012 when Conservative Ministers announced that they would be building the four-mile western rail link to Heathrow to open in 2020 that First Minister Rhodri Morgan described it as one of the “most important announcements” in the last 50 years, but it was yet another broken promise.
After more than a decade, when does the Transport Secretary expect the first spade to be dug into the ground to build the No.1 infrastructure priority of the Thames Valley region?
When this proposal was first mooted, it was to be a 50:50 split with Heathrow airport and the new runway, but matters changed after the pandemic.
We are determined to see private sector involvement in the railways continue.
If there is a private sector proposal, we are very happy to support it, but these schemes must not come at the expense of taxpayers.
The Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman)  saw for himself on Sunday night the scourge of pedicabs in the west end.
With the Pedicabs (London) Bill having reached Report stage in the Lords, can he update the House on when we can expect it to be presented in this place?
Early in the new year.
One train per hour stops on the Durham coastline, usually with two carriages.
This severely limits access to economic opportunities in Sunderland, Newcastle and Middlesbrough.
Recently, Northern Rail confirmed a new two-hourly service, but my constituents will only be able to wave at it as it goes by, because the plan is that it will not stop at the stations  at Seaham and Horden.
Can the Rail Minister please use his influence with Northern to see whether he can get those trains to stop?
I am sure that everyone waves at the hon.
Gentleman, great man that he is.
It was great to meet him when he came to the Department.
We talked about Durham coastal service and timetable changes.
Today, Transport for the North is discussing timetable changes, so I hope that that proposal goes through and that I can therefore give Durham coastal service the improvement that he asks for.
May I encourage my right hon.
Friend to cut the money given to the West of England Combined Authority, as it spends it extraordinarily badly on vanity schemes for the Mayor, on cutting bus services for my constituents and on pillorying motorists with this dreadful scheme, which is hated in Saltford, for a bus lane on the A4?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point about regional Mayors, which is that we have devolved powers and resources to them, but they are ultimately accountable to their constituents.
I hope very much that if they are punishing the motorist, the motorist will punish them back at the appropriate time at the ballot box.
Now that the blight of HS2 has been lifted from North West Leicestershire, can the Minister update the House on when work will commence on reopening the Ivanhoe line, which will offer rail access for the first time in many decades not only to my constituents, but to our neighbours in South Derbyshire?