The Prime Minister has shown global leadership on many challenges facing this country.
He is a wonderful dad.
He gives quietly to charities.
He runs for his local hospice.
He is a cricket fanatic.
He still attends home games at the football club he supports, despite being Prime Minister and despite it being Southampton.
He is a shareholder in three community pubs and patron of the Leyburn brass band.
He does not just get Britain; he represents the best of Great Britain—the greatest things we have to offer the world, including our values of hard work, enterprise, taking personal responsibility and helping others.
He is in no way confused about where his duty lies.
People will not find him taxing education or denying others the opportunities he has had; voting against strengthening our borders; siding with militant trade unions against the public; compromising our energy security or nuclear deterrent; opposing the deportation of foreign criminals; scratching his head about the monarchy; ducking difficult issues; or supporting  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
If the Leader of the Opposition is a weathervane, our Prime Minister is a signpost.
He knows what he stands for, he knows where the country needs to go, he has a plan to get us there and that plan is working.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
That brings me to a slightly difficult problem.
Bob Blackman is meant to be representing the Backbench Business Committee, to tell us about its business, but unfortunately he is not here, so I now call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
I associate myself with the remarks about Holocaust Memorial Day.
I ask the House to note that tonight is Burns night, when we celebrate the work of Scotland’s great national bard.
A new year, a new Tory civil war—just what the UK needs—with talk of doom loops, massacres and extinctions.
If only Members of the Leader of the House’s party had listened to her the last time she wooed them for leadership.
She warned them that if they voted for the former Chancellor as leader it would “murder the party”.
I know that the Leader of the House is furiously busy with all her “Minister for clickbait” responsibilities—those anti-Scottish articles and sneering videos do not write themselves—but as her Government grind, punch-drunk and exhausted, to an election, should we not debate some of the key legacies of the last 14 years of Tory rule?
Where should we start?
There are still the scandalously unresolved scandals, such as infected blood, the WASPI women—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—and Post Office Horizon, to name a very few, but has the Leader of the House had time to reflect on recent comments from Sir Michael Marmot, professor of public health at University College London?
He said that Britain in 2024 is starting to suffer from Victorian diseases again, and that “Britain has become a poor country with a few rich people…it’s worse to be poor in Britain than in most other European countries….
Poor people in Britain have a lower income than Slovenia.”
Perhaps the Leader of the House will cast her eye over the latest Joseph Rowntree Foundation report, which says that more than one in five people were in  poverty in 2021-22, with about 6 million in “very deep poverty” that same year.
Has she not managed to look at that yet?
That is unsurprising, as the Tories seem genuinely untroubled by poverty in the UK.
My colleagues and I have asked them about it many times, but their eyes just glaze over—comfortable, I guess, with the choices they have made, as the PM has said.
Perhaps we should start our Tory legacy debates with an emerging threat.
The Electoral Commission chair warned recently that the Government’s strict new rules on voter ID risk excluding certain voter groups and leave the Conservative party open to the charge of bias.
I and many others have thought for some time that this was simply an attempt at voter suppression from the Government, so does the Leader of the House agree with an erstwhile Cabinet colleague that the new Tory rules are simply, as he put it, an attempt at “gerrymandering”?
Will she bring a debate on this important issue to the House before the next general election?
What a bunch of rotters we are, with our anti-Scottish articles.
It appears that the hon.
Lady is planning to follow in the footsteps of many a great antipodean election guru by using a brilliant new strategy of equating criticism of the SNP’s performance with criticism of Scotland itself.
The latter is a landmass of approximately 30,000 square miles, populated by brilliant, creative, stoic people; the former is a ramshackle separatist movement, full of people who have turned maladministration into an art form.
There is one tiny flaw in this new political tactic from the SNP: if we Conservatives dislike Scotland so much, for some reason the hon.
Lady never gets round to explaining, why on earth would we strive so hard to keep it part of the Union of the United Kingdom?
Why would this Conservative Government give Scotland the largest funding settlement it has ever had?
Why would we have offered its citizens who were waiting for NHS treatment additional help and options, which the Scottish Government turned down?
If I wanted to do Scotland down, I would join, donate and campaign for the SNP, to whose members I would point out that the trailblazer for bringing back Victorian diseases to Britain is Glasgow.
Watching the hon.
Lady’s inaction, and that of her party, is like watching your much-loved neighbourhood being clobbered by a bunch of gangsters—let us call them the “hole in the budget” gang—hitting businesses, taking your cash, making your life a misery and keeping the local police force very busy.
This new political strategy from the SNP, like everything else that it does, will fail.