Mr Speaker: “The UK steel industry, the trade unions, and Labour are…proposing an industrial policy worthy of a serious industrial country.”
Those are not my words but those of the world economic editor of The Daily Telegraph writing yesterday.
He also said that “the Government’s minimalist plan…does just half the job, leaving the UK with a stunted second-tier industrial base, the only G20 country lacking a sovereign capability in ‘weapons grade’ primary steel.”
He is right, isn’t he?
The £28 billion that Labour is proposing has no plan behind it, and we are not told what hard workers across the country would have to pay to fill that black hole.
Labour has asked for a transition to green steel.
It would want us to protect steelworkers and obviously would want to protect advanced manufacturing in the UK.
Customers want cleaner steel.
Port Talbot could no longer function with its ageing blast furnaces, and our package will save 5,000 jobs at Port Talbot.
What steps she is taking to help support the growth of co-operatives and social enterprises.
This week, I spoke to a conference attended by building societies about how we can increase presence on the high street to help with access to cash and finance facilities.
The Government provide extensive business support to all businesses, including social enterprises and co-operatives.
The British Business Bank’s recovery loan scheme and start-up loans improve access to finance to help those kinds of businesses to invest and grow.
Co-operatives and social enterprise businesses provide a fairer way of doing business, involve members in greater business decisions and provide economic growth for local areas.
However, they are being held back by financial and regulatory constraints.
Will the Government match the Labour party’s and the Co-operative party’s ambition of committing to address those challenges and doubling the size of the co-operatives sector?
Personally, I am a big fan of co-operative movements and the regional mutual bank system in Germany, which I have spoken about many times in this place.
Of course, the Government supported the Co-operatives, Mutuals and Friendly Societies Act 2023, which helps to maintain the status of co-operatives.
Social enterprises and co-operatives can also access support via the business support helpline as well as help through our websites and our network of local growth hubs.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that regulators support economic growth.
At the autumn statement, we announced the decision to extend the growth duty to Ofgem, Ofwat and Ofcom, alongside a series of reforms to the duty to hold regulators to account for delivering growth in the sectors they regulate.
We are also currently consulting on proposals to strengthen the economic regulation of the energy, water and telecoms sectors.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer, but on retained EU law reform, in the June to December 2023 reporting period there were only two regulatory reforms of note, which were on wine marketing and working time calculations; the rest were technical corrections.
What steps is she taking to speed up reform of retained EU law to ensure that regulation works for business and enables growth?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend read the report that I sent out this week on what we have been doing.
However, I disagree that only two reforms of note have been delivered.
We have repealed or reformed more than 2,000 measures.
The Port Services Regulations 2019, which were not designed with UK ports in mind, are an example.
We have also passed the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 and the Procurement Act 2023.
I remind him that that list is what we are using the schedule for, and there are many other mechanisms in the retained EU law programme to deliver on that road map so that we improve our economy and make it more competitive by making sure that our laws are tailored to our economy.
In support of economic growth,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  cut £235 million from Environment Agency budgets when she was at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
Rather than bringing economic growth, that served to bring sewage growth: sewage discharge doubled between 2016 and 2021.
I was delighted to hear yesterday that the Government will adopt my Water Quality Monitoring Bill, but will they also restore some of the cut Environment Agency funding to bring back powers as well as duties?
A spending review, where we can look at these things, will be coming up shortly, but I really have to challenge much of what the hon.
Gentleman said.
It is a misrepresentation to say that the issues going on with sewage are to do with the actions of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) .
This Government have been taking reforms through the Environment Act 2021 to improve the situation throughout multiple Governments, including the one in which his party, the Liberal Democrats, participated during the coalition.
So it is very wrong to make that case.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As Secretary of State for Business and Trade, I am committed to ensuring the resilience of the UK’s critical supply chains.
Last week, the Government published the “Critical Imports and Supply Chains Strategy” to help UK businesses build secure and reliable supply chains.
Our 18-point action plan will help businesses to deal better with global supply chain issues from overcoming bureaucratic barriers to dealing with severe shocks caused by events such as the pandemic, Russia’s war in Ukraine and the attacks on the Red sea that have threatened a key route for global trade.
DBT led the development of the strategy, which was shaped by the experiences of UK businesses.
I was delighted that representatives of industry as well as key international partners joined us at the strategy’s launch at Heathrow airport, which is, of course, the UK’s largest import hub by value.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and the rest of the House a happy Burns night for this evening.
Is it not a scandal that the only way to get the great chieftain o’ the puddin-race exported to the United States is by sending the vegetarian version?
[Hon.
Members: “Oh!”] Could not the Secretary of State put that into her 18-point action plan and get on and do something, or does she want to risk forever being known as a cowran, tim’rous beastie?
[Laughter.]