I am grateful to the Minister for that answer, and I hope that exchange gives some reassurance to all colleagues in the House.
Will he confirm that all prosecutions that arise from the Horizon pilot scheme will now also be included in the exonerations, given that, although people were technically prosecuted without official Horizon data, it is very much the same issue?
Again, the hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point, similar to one made earlier.
The circumstances were similar, so we feel there is no reason to exclude people who have been convicted in similar circumstances.
Again, I am happy to work with him on that issue.
What recent assessment she has made of the principal barriers to trade for importers.
The Government are committed to breaking down barriers to trade through our ambitious programme of free trade agreements.
In August last year, the Government announced the border target operating model, which will simplify border processes for both imports and exports.
These changes, based on smarter use of data and technology, will put in place new security and biosecurity controls while ensuring they are as simple as possible for businesses to comply with.
The five-times-delayed border checks will come into effect very soon, but those dealing with plant and animal health products are seriously worried about potential delays.
Indeed, the chair of the Horticultural Trades Association has pointed out that the process of importing a petunia from the Netherlands has already increased from 19 to 59 steps, and he warns that the “new border is a disaster waiting to happen”.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that we will have a plentiful supply of imported red roses for Valentine’s day, especially for all those Conservatives on the other side who love each other so much?
I am feeling the hon.
Gentleman’s love this morning, Mr Speaker.
We have consulted very widely on the border target operating model.
We have put in a lot of time and effort, we have done a lot of consultation, we have been running webinars and putting out leaflets to make sure that businesses are aware, and the introduction of the model will of course be staged.
The hon.
Gentleman needs to be careful about what Labour’s plan will be.
This week, the EU ambassador to London revealed the fact that Labour’s desire for a food and veterinary agreement is likely to lead to closer dynamic alignment between London and Brussels in the future, which is directly against his party leader’s stated policy of no dynamic alignment.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage sub-postmasters who were affected by the failure of the Post Office Horizon system to claim compensation.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage sub-postmasters who were affected by the failure of the Post Office Horizon system to claim compensation.
Over £153 million has been paid to 2,700 victims.
We encourage anyone impacted to use the three compensation schemes available.
We have already published the details of the up-front £75,000 fixed-sum offer for group litigation order postmasters on the gov.uk website, created a new claim form, and written to all eligible members of the GLO scheme to explain the offer further.
The Post Office Horizon scandal has shocked the nation.
My constituent Kym Ledgar received a settlement under the historical shortfall scheme, which  did not take into account the enormous stress, the extra work in trying to balance the books, the damage to her reputation and the price she and her family paid in lost income, having had to make up the shortfall herself.
Does the Minister agree that we need to acknowledge the wider cost of the Post Office’s appalling behaviour?
Will he meet me to discuss how those who accepted an offer under the historical shortfall scheme may now receive compensation that truly reflects the impact that the Post Office’s conduct over two decades has had on their lives?
I apologise on behalf of the Government to Kym Ledgar for what she has been through.
It is absolutely our intention that everybody gets full and fair compensation, and that is not only for financial losses but for non-pecuniary losses.
We have taken a number of steps to ensure that the compensation is fair and delivered swiftly, including by establishing the independent advisory board, on which the noble Lord Arbuthnot sits.
We will continue to work with the board and consider what further action is required, but yes, I would of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these matters further.
The Post Office Horizon scandal has made clear to us all what happens when whistleblowers are ignored or silenced.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that as well as ensuring that victims are properly compensated, we need better legislation to protect whistleblowers?
As the Government’s whistleblowing framework review draws to a close, will he meet me to discuss how the outcome of the review can be used to support the Whistleblowing Bill that I presented to the House yesterday?