May I take this opportunity to congratulate and thank the Secretary of State—[Interruption.]
Sorry, Question 2.
What steps she is taking with the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology to help increase inward investment into the science and technology sector.
My Secretary of State was so savvy that she brought in a science Minister and now, under her stewardship, science and technology is booming in the Department for Business and Trade.
The UK has the No. 1 tech ecosystem in Europe, raising more venture  capital than France and Germany combined.
Science and tech is not just for fans; we have now mainstreamed it with the Office for Investment, which is reaching out to companies around the world to highlight the advantages of investing in the UK, bringing in over £5 billion of investment, as was announced at the global investment summit just last year.
Mr Speaker, you can see that I am using my freedom on the Back Benches to improve my fitness and to make myself as fit as the Department.
May I take this opportunity to thank and congratulate the Secretary of State and the team at the Department for Business and Trade on the work they are doing, particularly with the global investment summit?
There is a wall of money out there globally to invest in UK science and tech—in life science, quantum, fusion and agritech—and we are beginning, finally, to attract that money.
What plans does the Department have to make it easier for global investors to deploy money at scale in UK clusters?
My hon.
Friend will know more than most, having had this brief previously.
Of course, we are out there sourcing investment for the UK and, as I mentioned, we are already beating France and Germany.
Further afield, the UK is the third country, behind the US and China, to reach the landmark of $1 trillion in value.
We have the concierge service with the Office for Investment.
We have also recently secured £4.5 billion through the advanced manufacturing plan.
That, coupled with the research and development budget of around £39.8 billion between 2022-25, shows that we are ready to enable investment in the UK and to manufacture products in this area.
Will the Secretary of State and her team pay much more attention to the science and innovation possibilities in the hydrogen sector—that is, hydrogen energy and power?
This is something we are good at, and the research is there.
We need to be there quickly before the Chinese dominate the market.
I gently say that the hon.
Gentleman should pay attention to the hydrogen strategy, which shows we are leaning forward and ensuring that we can capture the investment, de-risk any of the testing and ensure that intellectual property can be commercialised here in the UK.
We of course see hydrogen in the mix in our future energy spectrum.
What assessment her Department has made of the implications for her policies of trends in the level of operating costs for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The Government have taken action to help SMEs deal with cost of living pressures, including freezing fuel duty, maintaining the 5p cut for a further year, introducing the energy bills discount scheme and reversing the national insurance rise.
In the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced  a substantial business rates package to support the UK’s small businesses worth £4.3 billion over the next five years.
Notwithstanding what the Minister says, I am still frequently being approached by small and medium-sized enterprises in Edinburgh West that are struggling to meet soaring energy costs, stave off inflation and deal with Brexit red tape.
The number of Scottish SMEs in financial distress is up 10%, according to research, and those were formerly strong, stable and well-managed businesses.
They have a huge impact on employment in tourism, which is one of our main industries.
Will the Minister tell me what more the Department will do to reassure businesses in my constituency and elsewhere, and whether he will ask the Chancellor to do more in the forthcoming Budget to help them?
The hon.
Lady raises important points.
Of course, the Chancellor can do nothing if the Scottish Government do not pass on our support to Scotland, which they have not done for business rates.
I know that that is out of her hands, but it is a point she may want to raise with the Scottish Government.
The average pub in Scotland is £15,000 worse off a year than its English counterpart because they have not passed through that rates support.
The average restaurant or guest house is £30,000 worse off than its English counterpart, and closure rates in Scotland are 30% higher than in England.