The Secretary of State will be aware that the Sutherland spaceport could be a fantastic boost for local businesses.
Equally, floating offshore wind in the North sea presents opportunities for the Wick and Scrabster harbours.
To underpin that, we need the transport infrastructure.
The public service obligation for Wick airport runs out in March this year, with no word from the Scottish Government on whether it will be continued—it would be a fatal blow if not—and then there is the abject failure to invest in the A9.
Promise after promise after promise has been broken.
What advice does she have for me?
I would ask the hon.
Gentleman to speak to the SNP-led Scottish Government, who are responsible for much of that investment.
It is a real shame that the SNP Government do not care about rural businesses or small businesses in Scotland.
Office for National Statistics figures show that Scotland lost more than 20,000 businesses last year, and they were mainly the smallest businesses employing up to 50 people.
However, I take his point about infrastructure.
We have to look at that on a UK-wide basis, and I am prepared to look in a little more detail at what my Department can do to support him.
I think that my right hon.
Friend is doing a great job for rural businesses.
However, the Met Office, which is under her  stewardship, is responsible for providing wind forecasts, which are particularly important given that the Orwell bridge was closed recently.
I would like there to be more transparency and, specifically, for the Met Office to publish the wind speed on its app so that there is transparency for all businesses and the bridge is not closed unnecessarily.
That sounds like a significant issue.
However, I am pleased to say that the Met Office is the responsibility not of my Department but of the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
We can raise the matter with DSIT colleagues to ensure that they look at it as quicky possible.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Welsh Government on the adequacy of Government support for small businesses in north Wales.
I regularly meet Ministers from the devolved Administrations through inter-ministerial fora to discuss a range of policy issues.
SMEs across Wales have access to a range of UK Government services to help them to grow and thrive.
The UK Government also recently announced that we will appoint new international trade advisers in Wales to provide tailored support for Welsh SME exporters to take advantage of new export opportunities.
The Labour Welsh Government are reducing rate relief for the hospitality sector from 75% to 40% in April.
Following that announcement, Monmouthshire County Council, which is also Labour-run, called on its colleagues to maintain support at the same rate as in England.
Business owners have criticised the Welsh Government, saying that it would be deeply unfair, but the outgoing First Minister has rejected their calls, and a number of hospitality businesses have already closed their doors this year.
Will the Minister join me in urging the Welsh Government to maintain the 75% support that businesses need, instead of cutting their feet from under them just because Welsh Labour cannot manage a budget?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the Welsh Labour Government need to start supporting businesses and to maintain the 75% relief rate, as we are in England.
The Welsh Government have also cut the budget of Business Wales from £26.6 million to £21 million.
Figures from UKHospitality show that the average pub in Wales will be £6,800 worse off as a result, compared with England; for the average restaurant, that figure will be £12,000; and for the average hotel, it will be £20,000.
I do not know who will be in charge of Labour in Wales, but it is about time that it started to back Welsh business, as the UK Government do.
What recent steps her Department has taken to help increase foreign direct investment into north Northamptonshire.
The Department for Business and Trade has done a lot to bring foreign direct investment into the UK.
Just last November, we raised £30 billion at our global investment summit.
Specifically for north Northamptonshire, my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that his constituents can take advantage of the DBT national and regional investment teams, which work with local partners to provide support for foreign investors who wish to invest and set up in the region.
Recent inward investment into the Kettering constituency includes the Ball Corporation from the US building Europe’s largest and most modern aluminium drinks can manufacturing plant in Burton Latimer, creating 200 new jobs.
Will my right hon.
Friend congratulate and thank Ball for its confidence and investment in north Northamptonshire’s manufacturing economy, and encourage others to see Kettering—with its superb connectivity and motivated workforce—as an ideal location for further investment?
I am extremely pleased to be able to do so.
I congratulate and thank Ball Corporation for placing its investment in Kettering.
That is exactly the sort of investment that we want to see all around the UK: it is the levelling-up agenda writ large.
I also thank all the officials in my Department, but especially my Ministers, who travel all around the world—including to the US—to promote the UK.
We never talk this country down; we let people know that this is a great place to do business, and we are seeing the benefits of that strategy.
When she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to exonerate the remaining sub-postmasters with criminal convictions relating to the failure of the Post Office Horizon system.
On  10 January , we announced the Government’s intention to bring forward legislation within weeks to overturn the convictions of all those convicted in England or Wales on the basis of Post Office evidence during the Horizon scandal.
I met the Justice Secretary only this week to make sure that those plans are on track, and we hope to bring forward that legislation as soon as possible.
Does the Minister have an estimate of how many convictions were made during the Horizon pilot?
Will he confirm that those convictions will be included in the legislation, given that they were not made using Horizon data?
We do not know that number yet, but we are very concerned about people who used the pilot version of Horizon and were potentially subject to similar abuses.
We do believe they fall under similar compensation schemes, and there is no reason why they would not be covered by the legislation to overturn convictions.
For the legislation to work, postmasters have to come forward.
When I asked one of my constituents this weekend why they had not come to me sooner, they said it was because they had signed a non-disclosure agreement, but also because they had had to sign the Official Secrets Act.
I thought that was so bonkers that I did not believe it, until I read page 26 of Nick Wallis’s book, which says that postmasters do have to sign the Official Secrets Act.
If that mad policy is still going on, will the Minister bring it to an end?
Will he tell postmasters all over the country that they are completely at liberty to talk to their MPs about any aspect of the Post Office?