The Gosport branch of Asda is the first in the UK to ballot for strike action.
Employees cite issues including low staffing levels, health and safety, and delayed equal pay claims.
Considering Asda’s importance to the UK food chain and employment across the country, what powers does the Minister have to ensure that both workers and consumers are protected?
My hon.
Friend raises an very interesting point.
We have looked at this particular situation with interest and will continue to monitor it.
Clearly, Asda is a private company and it is up to it to decide how best to deploy its workforce, but I am very happy to continue our conversation and I appreciate her engagement on this issue.
A lot of concern has already been expressed in the House this week about the steel industry.
With the expansion of renewables across Scotland and the rest of the UK, there will be demand for the vital materials required to build more wind turbines, which may now need to be sourced from abroad.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what steps will be taken to try to provide the vital materials for an important industry?
It is really important for us to not misrepresent what is happening on steel.
Our steel industry is not disappearing; our steel industry is evolving.
We will continue to have significant steelmaking capability in the UK, including producing materials for the industries the hon.
Lady talks about.
But we should also remember that the changes to Port Talbot are part of the decarbonisation that all Opposition Members have been asking for.
This is the biggest single emitter of carbon in the UK and this House voted to reach net zero by 2050.
Everything we are doing is to ensure that we do that in a sustainable and sensible way.
Following on from the question by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) , for the sake of clarity, can the Secretary of State confirm that it remains the Government’s position to ensure that the UK has the capacity to produce virgin steel here in the UK?
The Government maintain that we want to ensure that we keep steelmaking capability in the UK.
At the moment, we import ore to make steel.
When we talk about virgin steel many people assume there are no imports in the supply chain, but there still are, even now, and whatever changes we make will require some imports.
However, we are making sure that our steel industry is more resilient than ever before, at a time when it faces oversupply from China and India.
That is the real problem faced by the steel industry in all of western Europe.
We do a lot with tariff measures, such as steel safeguards—