I, too, have a constituent who, although she was thankfully not prosecuted, was forced over a period of more than a decade to pay back thousands of pounds every year, and it amounts to a six-figure sum.
As  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  said, this is not just about that pecuniary loss; this is about the impact on my constituent’s family—I will not go into her personal details, but they took a real hit and I wish she had come forward to me sooner.
I met her a couple of weeks ago and it really has wrecked her life.
She has not yet had any compensation through the shortfall scheme, so I urge the Minister to ensure that such people are properly compensated.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise that point.
Yes, the compensation scheme is there to compensate and provide redress for financial loss,  but also, quite rightly, for personal loss, loss of reputation, impact on health—those kinds of matters.
There are two routes open to compensation: the £75,000 fixed-sum award, which is pretty much an immediate payment, or someone can go for a full assessment of losses, which takes into account all those matters.
Interim payments are also available.
We have paid out £153 million in total across the schemes.
I am happy to help the hon.
Lady with that specific case, and we are looking to try to expedite the payment of full and fair compensation to all individuals.
I am working on a daily basis to try to do that.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle late payments to small and medium-sized businesses.
The Government are committed to tackling late payments.
That is why we launched the prompt payment and cash flow review, which was published alongside the autumn statement.
The review includes amending payment performance reporting requirements for large businesses, and providing the Small Business Commissioner with more powers to investigate late payments.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, but unfortunately late payments continue to blight the ability of small businesses to trade, with an average of £684 million a year being lost.
Unfortunately, that is on the increase, with a 7% increase in 2023.
I appreciate what the Minister said about another review— I think we had one a few years ago—but what specific actions are the Government taking to address this appalling abuse of power, which is contributing to 50,000 small businesses going under a year?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this issue, and earlier I set out specific actions such as giving the Small Business Commissioner more powers, and producing league tables.
We work closely with the Good Business Pays campaign, which produces league tables on this issue, and naming and shaming the people responsible is important.
The Government are leading the way, and from April 2024 firms bidding for Government contracts worth more than £5 million will have to demonstrate that they pay their invoices within an average of 55 days, tightening to 45 days in April 2025 and to 30 days in the coming years.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on taking fiscal steps to help support the steel industry.
The Chancellor and I meet regularly, and obviously we know and recognise the importance of the steel sector in the UK economy.
Our commitment to the sector is clear, and we will be investing more than £500 million in the Port Talbot site to ensure that  steelmaking continues in the UK.
Without that investment, the 8,000 jobs at the port and the 12,500 jobs in the supply chain would have been at risk.
We are working with Tata, and we have set up a transition board—the hon.
Gentleman knows about that because we both serve on it—and we have provided more than £100 million of support for affected employees and the local economy.
Last Friday, Tata announced that it will provide an additional £130 million of support for employees facing redundancy.
The option was steel- making no longer continuing at Port Talbot, or the investment that we have provided.
Ministers keep spinning this line that Tata Steel was threatening to close down the Port Talbot works and walk away, but they know that was an empty bluff, because the costs of dismantling and remediating the Port Talbot steelworks were vast and utterly prohibitive.
Against that backdrop, let us be clear: is it the case that no strings were attached to the £500 million of taxpayers’ money that has been given to Tata Steel?
Was that £500 million given by the Prime Minister to Tata Steel with a green light to make 2,800 steelworkers redundant?
I would not want steelworkers to think that we are not working together, and the hon.
Member and I work together and will be working together to ensure that steelworkers are protected as much as possible.
I think it is extraordinary that the position he is now putting forward is that it would have been better to risk the absolute loss of steelmaking in the UK and then allow the taxpayer to pick up the cost to manage the site.
It was a bluff.
I believe it far more preferential that we made the largest investment ever in steelmaking to protect more than 5,000 jobs at Port Talbot and the 12,500 jobs in the supply chain—[Interruption.]
Fundamentally, we have steelmaking— Order.
It might be better that that conversation is carried on outside, rather than going on across the Benches while the Minister is replying.
At the heart of our decision was two things: continued steelmaking at Port Talbot and protecting steelworkers.
We have recently heard from my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Defence how the west is facing “a pre-war world”.
Will the Minister ensure in her conversations with the Treasury that it understands the vital strategic importance of a virgin steelmaking capability here in the UK?
My hon.
Friend has a huge amount of knowledge of the steel sector and is a huge champion for Scunthorpe.
She knows that we are working incredibly hard with the company in her constituency, and we are waiting for it to respond to the business plans going forward.
We know how important virgin steelmaking is,  and we accept, because technology has moved on, that going forward 90% of all steel can be made in electric arc furnaces.