I begin by paying tribute on the sad loss of Lord John Tomlinson, who served as an MP, MEP and peer for over six decades.
He was a formidable force and an effective campaigner.
Our thoughts are with his family.
With Holocaust Memorial Day this weekend, and ahead of this afternoon’s debate, more than ever we must never forget the horror of the holocaust and other genocides.
It has now been over a month since the publication of the House of Commons Commission’s proposals on the risk-based exclusion of Members of Parliament.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, the Leader of the House, the Commission, staff and unions for all their work thus far.
When will the Leader of the House table a motion on this important issue?
It was first promised before last summer, and then before the end of 2023.
The Commission is in agreement, the proposal has wide support across the House, and others are looking to us to take action on the culture in this place.
While we are on the topic of culture in Parliament, I am sure the Leader of the House will join me in welcoming the recommendations of the Jo Cox Foundation’s report on civility in politics.
I know that some recent exchanges in this place have caused offence to others, as we did not model the good behaviour that we should.
Will she join me in reminding Members of this, and that Parliament should be the exemplar of respectful and cordial debate?
We saw the House and politics at their best this week with the moving, heartfelt, cross-party tributes to Sir Tony Lloyd.
He reminds us that we can have strongly held, differing views while remaining dignified and respectful.
The Procedure Committee has now published its report on Commons scrutiny of Secretaries of State in the House of Lords, which I welcome.
I commend the Committee for its work, and we will shortly be hearing from its Chair,  the right hon.
Member for Staffordshire Moorlands (Dame Karen Bradley) .
The Leader of the House has reassured us many times since Lord Cameron’s appointment that he will be “forward-leaning”, and she promised: “When the Procedure Committee brings forward measures…those measures will be put in place.”—[Official
Report,  30 November 2023 ; Vol. 741, c. 1061.]
Can she confirm that she will table a motion forthwith to ensure that Lord Cameron comes to the Bar of the House to answer questions and statements, as the Committee recommends?
The next Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office questions are on Wednesday, so the motion should be tabled before then.
Despite war in the middle east, conflict in the Red sea, Russia’s ongoing illegal war in Ukraine and the Venezuelan threat to Guyana, the Foreign Office has failed to meaningfully update Parliament on these international flashpoints.
It has offered only two statements since November, with Mr Speaker having to grant 10 urgent questions on these matters instead.
It is just not good enough.
We have had three weeks of ad hoc business statements to bring in emergency and urgent legislation.
The King’s Speech legislative programme, announced just two months ago, has almost run out.
With all the unused parliamentary time, there is no excuse for Ministers not coming to Parliament or getting on with their day job.
We have had another week of ministerial failure, with Secretaries of State failing to show up.
There was no Secretary of State to speak about steel, either today or during the week, which is insulting to the steelworkers who face redundancy.