It is having a punitive effect on businesses within the M25.
Order.
The Secretary of State took advantage; I do not want the hon.
Lady to do exactly the same.
I believe that this might be an issue for the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, but if the hon.
Lady will write to me, we can look at that specific case.
I am grateful to the Minister for working with me on the issue of button battery safety, and grateful for the ongoing commitment of the five working groups that were set up in 2022 following the tragic death of one of my constituents, Harper-Lee Fanthorpe, and the campaign for Harper-Lee’s law.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss progress, and, in particular, how the guidelines drawn up by the Office for Product Safety and Standards can be made compulsory so that more deaths and injuries from button battery ingestion can be prevented?
My hon.
Friend has done a fantastic job with the campaign, and has made huge progress towards ensuring that best practice is followed by suppliers.
Of course I shall be happy to meet her to see what more can be done.
Ferguson Marine, the last remaining shipyard on the lower Clyde, is threatened by the way in which its current work is configured.
It badly requires an order from CalMac for seven small island ferries.
The issue of procurement is one for the Scottish Government and their agencies, but will the Minister ensure that no impediment, no obstacle and no rules that are under her control will prevent the order from being given directly by the Scottish Government to Ferguson Marine if they so wish?
I am more than happy to sit down with the hon.
Member to discuss furthering his case, but the overriding fact, which he mentioned, is that the decision sits with the Scottish Government.
In the UK we have the National Shipbuilding Office, which provides a wraparound service not only to secure contracts but to ensure that ships are built in UK shipyards.
Importers of short-life items in my constituency, such as seed potatoes and chilled equine semen, are worried   about impending import controls.
Will the Minister meet me, and business leaders in North Shropshire, to discuss how they can continue their businesses in the face of these imminent problematic controls?
Of course I shall be happy to meet the hon.
Lady, but let me remind her of what I said earlier.
The border operating model was introduced after extensive consultation with businesses, led by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs with the agrifood sector.
There has been plenty of opportunity for feedback from businesses, but I shall be happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss specific cases.
I am sure that the Secretary of State shares my desire to revitalise our fantastic local high streets.
Flitwick Town Council plans to do exactly that, but it needs support from the community ownership fund.
May I urge the Secretary of State to look favourably on its forthcoming application?
It is good to see the hon.
Gentleman working so hard for his community.
The community ownership fund sits with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, but I am sure that if he makes representations to those in the Department, they will be able to give him a more substantive answer.
And the final—short!—question comes from Barry Sheerman.
Will the Secretary of State look at the impact assessments of universities?
The traditional universities are failing to meet the standards of sustainable development research, and Manchester, Huddersfield and Newcastle Universities are doing much better.
Will the Secretary of State look into that, and push the other universities to do better?
This is a matter that sits with the Department for Education, but of course my Department takes an interest in all the innovation research that is going on, because it will help to boost the UK economy.
I am sure that officials in my Department have been looking at those assessments, and will be able to provide details if the hon.
Gentleman has a more specific question.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for next week will include: Monday 29 January —Second Reading of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership)
Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 30 January —Remaining stages of the Media Bill.
Wednesday 31 January —Motion to approve the draft Electoral Commission strategy and policy statement, followed by a motion to approve the draft Social Security Benefits Up-rating Order 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft Guaranteed Minimum Pensions Increase Order 2024.
Thursday 1 February —General debate on miners and mining communities, followed by debate on a motion on freedom and democracy in Iran.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 2 February —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  5 February  includes: Monday 5 February —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.