I was recently contacted by a constituent who had been unfortunately caught out by an online scam involving Google gift cards.
Fortunately, they got their money back, but Action Fraud decided not to investigate.
On further investigation, it turns out that, at a time when online fraud is rapidly increasing, the number of fraud cases being investigated has gone down by a third.
May we have a debate on what more we can do to make sure that the online world is safe from these scamsters and fraudsters?
I am sorry to hear what the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent went through, but very pleased that they managed to get their money back.
This morning we had the latest figures from the crime survey of England and Wales, and I am pleased to report to the House that fraud has decreased by 13% with notable reductions of 33% in advance fee fraud and 40% in other fraud.
The actions that the police and the other agencies that support them on this matter are taking are having an effect.
We have a plan and it is working.
May I, too, send my condolences to the family of Sir Graham Bright, who was incredibly kind to me when I was a candidate and gave great support and advice over many years?
I have been robustly raising the concerns of residents of Kytes Drive in Watford regarding a planning application, including bringing a petition to Parliament about the  long-term use of the site, to ensure that it would be suitable and used only for people who were veterans, those with disabilities and older people.
I am pleased to say that, by ensuring that the chief executive of Anchor heard residents’ concerns, I have had a small long-term win: Anchor has agreed to pursue a local authority lettings agreement prioritising the housing needs of people with disabilities, veterans and other vulnerable people.
Ahem.
Although I appreciate that my right hon.
Friend may not be able to comment on planning specifically, can she advise me on how I can best encourage the council to take up that offer?
That was a lengthy question, Madam Deputy Speaker—I could hear you coughing—but the answer will be short.
My hon.
Friend has provided his own answer and got it on the record.
We all encourage the council to act as he wishes.
The Government’s flagship policy for a generational ban on tobacco sales has many health benefits, of which the Leader of the House will no doubt be aware, but is she alarmed that it will not apply in Northern Ireland, where it will be frustrated by the EU tobacco products directive?
Even if a Northern Ireland Assembly were in place, it could not trump that directive.
Will she ask for a statement to be made on what is more important: the health of all the people of the United Kingdom or tobacco policy outlined by the EU?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that one reason we want to get the Executive re-established is to ensure that the people of Northern Ireland are able to make decisions relating to themselves, and that principle also applies to the point that he raises.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard his concerns.
The UK Government have previously stepped in and made interventions in the health space.
Although I note that there would be difficulties with regard to that particular EU directive, I think this is something that the UK Government should think long and hard about.
My right hon.
Friend will know that we had a debate on steel this week in which Members on both sides of the House raised concerns and questions, particularly in relation to the UK’s ongoing ability to make its own virgin steel.
That is an incredibly important issue on which there is much more to say.
Will she support a debate in Government time so that we can discuss it further?