I draw the House’s attention to early-day motion 204 and my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The industrial dispute in the Pensions Regulator has now reached its 50th day because the regulator is offering a pay rise lower than the UK Government’s pay guidance.
May we have a statement or a debate on the Government’s pay review guidance and what actions can be taken against agencies that do not comply with it?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the next chance to question the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on this issue will be on  5 February .
I encourage him to attend those questions.
I bring good news from Kettering, where 16 mature street trees have been saved from the chop.
Gipsy Lane is one of the older and most attractive roads in Kettering, but there is going to be a 340-house development at the end of it, and under the original planning application, 21 very mature trees were to be chopped down to facilitate access.
However, thanks to the proactive engagement of Councillor Jason Smithers, the leader of North Northamptonshire Council, and of the developer Places for People, the good news is that 16 of those trees will be saved.
May we have a Government statement on the importance of keeping mature street trees wherever possible—they are attractive and good for the environment—and will my right hon.
Friend praise the leader of the council and Places for People for the decision that they have taken?
Good on my hon.
Friend, good on Jason, and good on all the residents who supported their campaign.
I will certainly make sure that the Secretary of State has heard that my hon.
Friend’s work has been triumphant and encourage him to make a statement, as my hon.
Friend suggests.
The permanent secretary of the Department for Work and Pensions claims that his Department is “making good progress” in dealing with its staffing crisis.
However, the PCS union has obtained figures for the year up to last November showing that while the Department recruited 8,495 new staff, there were also 8,031 leavers in that year—far short of the aspiration to recruit 5,000 staff per quarter.
Will the Leader of the House seek clarification as to the true state of the staffing crisis at the Department and what action is being taken to accelerate the recruitment drive?
I am always here to assist the House and hon.
Members, but the hon.
Lady can raise that matter directly with the Secretary of State on  5 February .