Given the UK’s decline under this Government to seventh place behind the US and Germany in attracting green investment as per Ernst and Young’s analysis, what urgent steps is the Secretary of State taking to boost our competitiveness in green industries?
The hypocrisy and the ignorance coming from the Labour party is extraordinary.
We have decarbonised more than any major economy on this earth and we will decarbonise more to 2030, and we are doing it by unlocking a level of investment into renewable energy double that we have seen in the United States.
So, Labour can take its selective facts and put them where the sun don’t shine.
I think that we have had a few problems with language already.
I am sure the Minister will think carefully before he answers again.
What plans do the UK Government have to buy the Wylfa site and associated intellectual property from Horizon to expedite gigawatt development at Wylfa in my constituency of Ynys Môn?
Will the nuclear roadmap lay out a clear role for large gigawatt-scale nuclear projects like Wylfa after Sizewell C?
It would not be Energy questions without a question on Wylfa from my hon.
Friend, who is such a champion for that technology and for her constituency.
We all agree that Wylfa is a great candidate for new nuclear and one of several potential sites that could host new projects—[Interruption.]
Ignore the luddites on the SNP Benches.
As a first step towards a new national policy statement, the Government will consult later this year on a way forward to determine how new nuclear developments might be located.
In energy-rich Scotland, roughly one in three households in my constituency is living in fuel poverty.
A properly designed social tariff would at least alleviate some of that poverty.
Why have the Government broken their promise of a year ago to consult on a social tariff?
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State indicated earlier, a social tariff can mean different things to different people.
We are consulting suppliers and many stakeholders to ensure that what we are doing is the right thing.
We are also looking at flexibility around the warm home discount.
In February, the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero assured me from the Dispatch Box that a decision on hydrogen blending was coming soon.
Seven months later, in September, the Department’s consultation again promised that a decision would come soon.
How can our constituents trust that this Government know what they are doing when they keep dithering over proven technology that would cut our carbon emissions, our constituents’ energy bills and our dependence on foreign gas imports?
The Government aim to reach a strategic policy decision before the end of the year on whether to support blending of up to 20% hydrogen by volume into the GB gas distribution networks.
We are building the evidence to determine whether blending offers strategic and economic value and meets the required safety standards.
On the subject of facts, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southampton, Test (Dr Whitehead) just said that there are currently zero planning applications in the pipeline for onshore wind in England.
Can the Minister please confirm whether that is true?
As I have said in earlier answers, we are seeking to encourage more applications.
As far as I know,  the hon.
Member for Southampton, Test (Dr Whitehead)  may be right, which is exactly why we are consulting on improving community benefits and have consulted on changing the planning system.