It comes as a great relief that the Minister is listening, certainly to my constituents and his own.
There are extraordinary levels  of cheap green Scottish renewable energy transmitted to large consumers in industrial bases in the south by the network.
This north-south transaction should rightly be done by subsea transmission cables, negating the need for onshore pylons and their attendant visual blight, environmental degradation, loss of productive farmland, costly compulsory purchase and wayleave charges.
Why are Angus and other Scottish communities now threatened with a new 400 kV pylon line, instead of transmitting that energy south using subsea methods?
I think there would have been better questions.
Time is a bit tight, but please answer the question, Minister.
The hon.
Gentleman should probably direct that question to my Scottish Government counterparts, who are in the same party as him.
He wants to ride roughshod over the Scottish planning system to allow for a faster deployment of this new energy infrastructure across Scotland, including in his and my own constituencies.
The Scottish Government have control over planning, the ESO have control over developing those plans and— Order.
Let us come to topical questions.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since my last appearance at departmental questions in September, we have shown that Britain remains open for business.
Through our announcement on AR6, we have taken the next steps towards 50 GW of offshore wind energy.
We have announced £960 million of investment in advanced manufacturing for key net zero sectors, including offshore wind networks, carbon capture, usage and storage, hydrogen and nuclear.
We have set out the most radical plans to update the grid since the 1950s.
I have signed a memorandum of understanding with South Korea to ensure closer co-operation on nuclear and offshore wind, bringing in £10 billion as well.
Given the success of exempting the ceramics sector from the climate change levy, and the risks of carbon leakage from offshoring the industry, will my right hon.
Friend seriously consider exempting the ceramics sector from the emissions trading scheme?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a long-standing champion of the ceramics sector.
The sector receives free allocations under the ETS, reducing carbon price exposure and mitigating its risk of carbon leakage.
The Government are reviewing the free allocations policy and will consult this year to ensure that we effectively support at-risk industries.