One in four households in my constituency is now living in fuel poverty, compared with the national average of one in 10.
Why do the Government continue to give millions  to gas and oil giants, which enjoy billions in bumper profits, while our constituents continue to be dragged into poverty?
Regrettably, the content of so many Opposition Members’ questions this morning is absolutely not in line with reality.
Oil and gas production in the UK not only typically has lower emissions than the alternative of imports, but supports 200,000 jobs, all of which would be at risk if the Labour party came to power.
To answer the hon.
Gentleman’s specific question, it is expected to raise £50 billion of tax over the next five years, all of which—including the safety of his constituents—would be at risk if Labour ever came to power.
Do my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and the Minister for Nuclear and Networks, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , agree that the very best location for two 470 MW Rolls-Royce small modular reactors is next to Sellafield, which will use some of the power and is a centre of nuclear excellence?
My hon.
Friend is another great champion for nuclear.
It gave me great pleasure to visit her constituency just a few weeks ago to see the great work being done at Sellafield.
As we have set out, we aim to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear energy by 2050, and we remain open to all available technologies that will deliver it.
We are developing a new national policy statement that will provide the planning framework for new nuclear power beyond 2025.
We are consulting on a proposed way forward for determining how new nuclear developments might be located.
Including in Lancashire.
This year, receipts from the emissions trading scheme will reach a new peak of £6.2 billion.
The effects of attacks on energy-intensive industries are felt by workers in the aluminium and steel industries, and this week by workers at Grangemouth, where one of our few remaining oil refineries is going to close.
Despite what the Minister said earlier, is it not a fact that, rather than helping energy-intensive industries, net zero policies are destroying them and sending them overseas?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the EU has already legislated for a carbon border adjustment mechanism.
Following our hosting of COP26, 90% of global wealth was covered by net zero pledges.
At the beginning of that conference, the figure was just 30%.
The right hon.
Gentleman may not see it, but this is the direction the world is going in, and if he wants to future-proof British jobs he will get with the decarbonisation programme.
Opposing it is to oppose the interests of his constituents and the sustainability of their of their jobs.
Melton CLP has of the biggest sites in Hyndburn and Haslingden.
The renewables obligation certificate is due to end in 2027, and certainty is needed on whether the scheme will be  extended or another scheme will take its place.
Will the Minister give us some assurances as to what comes next?
Mindful of how loquacious I am, I simply say to my hon.
Friend that I will meet her to discuss the matter.
Over the space of a year, living in a cold home cost 21 of my constituents their lives.
One reason behind that tragic  figure is that homes in rural communities are more difficult to insulate.
On that basis, will the Minister urgently review the ECO4 and ECO+ guidelines to prioritise the hardest properties to insulate so that we cut bills and save lives?
Of course it is always a tragedy to hear such figures.
I have regular meetings with the hon.
Gentleman and I will have a meeting to discuss this issue further, because this Government are committed to supporting all vulnerable people, including all those who have disabilities and additional needs.
Nominations closed at 12 noon for the election of the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
One nomination has been received.
A ballot will therefore not be held for this position.
I congratulate Sir Robert Buckland on his election as Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
He will take up his post immediately and serve as Chair until the end of this Parliament.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence to make a statement on the war in Ukraine.
Since I last updated the House on  24 October , the situation on the ground has remained largely unchanged.
The armed forces of Ukraine continue to make slow but steady progress in their fight to retake their country, while a small crossing of the Dnipro has been established.
Russian forces have made small advances in the northern axis of a pincer movement with which they are attempting to surround the town of Avdiivka.
Over the weekend, Russia launched what was likely the largest wave of one-way attack drone strikes on Ukraine of the war so far, ahead of another likely winter campaign of strikes against Ukrainian energy infrastructure.
Ukraine neutralised most of the incoming weapons from the latest assault, and international partners, including the UK, are working with Ukraine to further strengthen its defences.
We will continue to support priority areas for Ukraine in the coming months, including air defence and hardening critical national infrastructure sites.
Our foundational supply of critical artillery ammunition continues.
We also continue to develop Ukraine’s maritime capabilities, helping it to deny Russia sea control in the western Black sea.
With Government help, a UK-based commercial insurance provider has developed an insurance facility for shipping using the Ukraine maritime corridor; the facility charges premiums in line with those under the Black sea grain initiative, which is crucial for re-attracting commercial shipping.
The UK has committed £4.6 billion of military support to date, as we continue to donate significant amounts of ammunition and matériel from our own stocks, as well as those purchased from across the globe.
In addition, we have trained more than 52,000 soldiers since 2015.
Our support for next year is being finalised, both internally within the Government and with our partners around the world, and will be announced shortly.