My right hon.
Friend mentioned that he will go to COP28 next week.
Could he remind Members of the House, particularly those on the Opposition Benches, of the measures taken in last week’s autumn statement to help to promote the green energy agenda in this country?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
We must never forget the parlous state of this country in 2010.
Less than 7% of our electricity came from renewables—that was the legacy of  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband) .
In the first quarter of this year, that was nearly 48%.
Opposition Members raised the issue of people being cold and unable to pay their bills, but just 14% of homes were insulated properly; now, it is 50%.
In last week’s autumn statement we heard announcements about the grid and— Order.
The Minister talks about emissions, and we are getting a lot of them from him today.
My constituents put in 10% of the energy into the national grid from two nuclear power stations.
We are No. 7 on the template for new builds, so I would like to invite the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  to come to Heysham to see for himself the good work of EDF and the new nuclear power programme that is coming to my constituency.
My hon.
Friend is a stout champion not only of the pathway to net zero but of the jobs and prosperity that come with it.
It is with great alacrity that I accept on behalf of my hon.
Friend the Minister.
What assessment her Department has made of trends in the level of fuel poverty since 2018.
The share of households in fuel poverty in England reduced every year between 2010 and 2021, with energy efficiency being the key driver.
Although fuel poverty is devolved, we continue to engage with the devolved Administrations, including on specific schemes such as the energy company obligation and the warm home discount.
Across the world and in the United Kingdom, human rights are being eroded and fuel poverty is on the rise.
This Government could address both by declaring access to energy a human right.
It would mean that people could not be cut off willy-nilly simply because they could not afford to pay for their energy at that time.
Does the Minister agree that energy should be a human right?
If not, will she tell me which human beings she believes should not have the right to heat their homes?
As the hon.
Lady indicated, the Government take fuel poverty incredibly seriously.
Everybody has the right to heat.
We have been helping people with their energy bills, including a £900 cost of living allowance, as well as all the great things that we announced in the autumn statement.
What steps her Department is taking to support the development of community energy schemes.
The Government have created a new £10 million community energy fund to support community energy projects in England.
We are working with the sector on content and a timetable for a consultation on barriers for community energy projects.
Does the Minister recognise the frustration and disappointment at the length of time and legislative barriers that remain for campaigning community groups who want community energy schemes to move forward?
It is the most secure way of generating electricity.
The Conservatives are supposed to be the party of free markets and competition, so why are they denying consumers the choice that would come with an exciting community energy scheme?
Far from denying consumers opportunity, we are already beginning to work with organisations, such as the Community Energy Contact Group.
On the content of the consultation we launched and whether it should include solutions to barriers, I will need to take a view when it responds.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero earlier mentioned the solar taskforce.
Will my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary liaise with his colleagues and the National Farmers Union on combining community energy schemes with farmers and the rural sector?
The solar taskforce mentions acres of supermarket rooftops being available for solar, but makes no reference to farm buildings.
It makes sense that community schemes, working with local farmers in rural areas, can deliver community energy and allow farmers to diversify.
I hear very much what my right hon.
Friend says and understand his concerns.
It is therefore with equal alacrity that I accept a meeting on my right hon.
Friend the Minister’s behalf to discuss those issues moving forward.
If she will make an assessment of the impact of the mandatory code of practice for the involuntary installation of prepayment meters on vulnerable households.
If she will make an assessment of the impact of the mandatory code of practice for the involuntary installation of prepayment meters on vulnerable households.