The Secretary of State is following a well-established planning process.
I am sorry that I cannot say any more about this live case beyond what I have said already; it is with the Department and the Secretary of State for a decision.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the Climate Change Committee’s 2023 progress report to Parliament.
The Climate Change Committee itself has said that there was “no material difference” in our overall projections after we made the changes to policies in September.
The Government have taken considerable further steps since then, including our introduction of the zero-emission vehicle mandate, our agreement with Tata Steel on industrial electrification in Port Talbot, and reform of electricity grid connections.
The Climate Change Committee has stated that the UK needs to “regain its international climate leadership”, but last year the Prime Minister was uninterested in attending COP27.
The committee’s recent report to Parliament made it clear that the UK was “no longer a climate leader”.
Since then we have seen approval for massive oilfields, weakened climate targets, and the resignation of a Minister because the Prime Minister is so “uninterested”.
COP28 is days away, and there is still confusion over whether the Government will push for the phasing out of fossil fuels.
Given all that, is it not fair to say that the Government are failing to do everything possible to halt the climate breakdown?
The UK has one of the most ambitious climate targets in comparison with any of our international peers.
The UN’s emissions gap report, published just last week, shows that the UK is expected to reduce emissions between 2015 and 2030 at the fastest rate in the G20 group.
We remain extremely ambitious about climate change.
We have over-delivered on all our carbon budgets to date, and the work that has been done shows that we will continue to do so.
The committee’s recent progress report advocated a faster transition to lower-carbon energy.
What fiscal and regulatory measures are the Government taking to encourage more capital investment by business in this important area?
We are already taking steps.
We have set out new plans for another round of renewable auctions, and we have set out the most radical plans to unlock the electricity grid since the 1950s.
We have also launched a new gigafund that will unlock supply chains across all these areas, and we can see that investors are voting with their feet.
When it comes to national and household energy security, ownership matters, as championed by the Co-op party.
The Labour party is committed to 1 million owners of UK-produced renewable energy, with 8 GW that will be cheap, green and owned by the people here in the UK, so why will the Government not meet that ambition?
I think the hon.
Gentleman’s argument is completely wrong-headed.
Let us look at what the UK Government have done since 2010.
We now have the first, second, third, fourth and fifth largest offshore wind farms anywhere in the world.
As I have said, the plans we have set out meant that yesterday we were able to secure £29 billion of investment into this country.
That will drive jobs and prosperity.
The Opposition’s plan is to borrow £28 billion, which would only drive up inflation.
Yesterday was Lancashire Day and today is Bedfordshire Day—happy Bedfordshire Day to all Members.
It is the job of the Climate Change Committee to be enthusiastic about achieving our net zero goals.
It is the responsibility of the Government to be fiscally prudent in achieving that objective.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with the Prime Minister that we need to be clear with the British public all the way along about the costs that will be incurred to achieve our net zero ambitions?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
It is really important that we are honest with the British public.
We are pursuing the most ambitious climate targets, but we will do so in a sensible way that protects the economy, grows jobs and investment, and ensures that we can deliver for the country not only on energy security but on our climate change ambitions.