I wish to welcome Faroese politicians who are here watching today.
In the past year, the energy bills support scheme alternative fund was set up to help 900,000 households.
As the Minister said earlier, only about 150,000—141,000, in fact—got the £400 promised, which means that 750,000 eligible households missed out on their £400.
With one in four bill payers now in energy debt, will the Government keep their promise and make good to those 750,000 who missed out on that money when the scheme closed in May?
As I stated, the alternative fund was an incredible support and provided households with that support.
The Government lent in to try to ensure that everyone who was entitled to the funding was able to receive it.
Now that the scheme has closed, the money will return to His Majesty’s Treasury.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries to decarbonise.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries to decarbonise.
The Government have committed £20 billion to support early development of CCUS—carbon capture, usage and storage—and £500 million to the industrial energy transformation fund to help industry to decarbonise, with phase 3 expected to open for applications in early 2024.
We are still waiting for a lot of that to happen.
The Tees Valley hosts a huge number of energy-intensive industries, but we have lost many of them over the years—a few years ago it was steelmaking, but more recently we saw the demise of the Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company at Darlington, which built the Sydney harbour bridge.
The last ammonia manufacturing plant in the country, that of CF Fertilisers, closed its doors this year, as did Mitsubishi’s Cassel works, with both citing that their energy costs were way higher than those of their European and American competitors.
What are Ministers going to do to ensure that we do not have any more closures as a result of their policy failures?
It is a shame that the hon.
Gentleman could not find it within himself to congratulate Mayor Ben Houchen on all the work he is doing to bring steelmaking back to the Tees Valley for the first time in a generation.
The Government are engaging with the steel industry on a sustainable future, as announced on  15 September .
Tata Steel expects to invest £1.25 billion, including a UK Government grant worth up to £500 million, in a new electric arc furnace.
Frankly, the hon.
Gentleman should start talking up the Tees Valley.
Sheffield has a proud history of steelmaking, so much so that we are known globally as the “steel city.”
To this day, steel supports thousands of jobs in Sheffield, but repeated failures by this Government  mean that more and more families are worried about the future of this key industry and the livelihoods that depend on it.
Will the Minister commit to giving this vital sector the support it needs to decarbonise in a fair way, while ensuring that the industry has a green, sustainable and prosperous future?