First, let me thank the Government for the support they give for CCUS, and not least the Acorn project in my constituency.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that CCUS needs to be developed across the UK at pace?
Does he recognise the particular value of new CCUS power stations, such as the planned project in Peterhead in my constituency, which will generate more than 900 MW and, in conjunction with the Acorn project, will do so 95% emission-free?
Yes, I thank my hon.
Friend and congratulate him on his relentless efforts to decarbonise the North sea and the north-east of Scotland, and his support for the Acorn project.
I was pleased to join him and the Prime Minister at the announcement on that in the summer.
As my hon.
Friend knows, CCUS is a priority for this Government, and we are progressing at pace.
Power CCUS will be a vital component of our route to net zero, which is why we are committed to supporting at least one power CCUS plant by the mid-2020s.
The Government are taking significant steps to support industrial clusters around the UK.
They are each at a different stage of development and much of the technology is emerging as we speak, but the 2030 target is quite close and the scale of investment runs into billions of pounds.
What engagement is my hon.
Friend undertaking to discuss investment plans with individual businesses, to ensure that they meet the target and use the latest available technologies?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that investment is key to delivering our ambitious plans, which is why the Secretary of State was at the global investment summit yesterday.
Working with the Department for Business and Trade and the Minister for Investment, we are engaging with companies on a daily basis, inspecting their investment plans to ensure they are fit for this country and the future, and will deliver the ambitious, world-leading targets we have set ourselves to decarbonise and provide the jobs of the future for this country.
If she will make an estimate of the number of households that had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
In 2010, 960,000 measures were installed.
In 2022, around 200,000 measures were installed.
In 2010, Government schemes were aimed at low-cost, easy-to-install measures.
In 2022, our funding schemes focused on high-cost measures.
Upgrading homes to energy performance certificate band C would create a huge economic and social boost to Britain.
In my constituency of Chester more than half of homes are below EPC C and almost 20% of the housing stock is classed as historic, as it was built before 1919.
What plans does the Department have to upskill the workforce and speed up the roll-out of energy efficient homes, including historic buildings, such as the ones in my constituency?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point about upskilling the workforce.
Good progress has been made and around half of all homes will now reach the Government’s ambition of EPC C by 2035, compared with just 14% in 2010.
Whether she is taking steps to support the development of an offshore grid for wind farm energy in the east of England.
Grid reinforcement is critical to delivering our world leading offshore wind targets.
The electricity system operator is responsible for designing a modern grid that uses a mix of upgraded existing lines, offshore transmission networks and new underground and overhead lines to bring this low-cost, homegrown generation to consumers.
My constituents are angry about the ill-thought-out proposal by National Grid to impose 100 miles of pylons and overhead powerlines between Norwich and Tilbury.
Will the Minister share with me, the House and my constituents what work he is doing to ensure that the Government do all they can to encourage National Grid and developers to build an offshore grid that will provide more investment and growth in renewables, and pull the plug on these awful pylons?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I visited East Anglia a few months ago and I plan to visit again.
I hear the frustration and the concerns of her constituents, which she has brought to the House today.
As she knows, the ESO remains responsible for electricity network design.
Offshore routing is more expensive and the costs would be borne by consumers across the country.
However, we will continue to engage with the ESO as it develops proposals that strike the balance of offshore and onshore infrastructure.