At the weekend, the Ukrainian Government and peoples commemorated the holodomor—the genocide inspired by the Government of Joseph Stalin.
During those celebrations, as the Minister rightly said, the Russian Federation launched its largest air attack on Kyiv to date, which included 75 Iranian-made Shaheds towards the capital.
Part of the financing of the Iranian regime comes from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
Back in January, Ministers intimated to the House and to Members that they were considering proscribing the revolutionary guard, a financer of the Iranian regime that is feeding the Russian Federation’s military might.
When will the Minister’s Government stop considering and start proscribing it?
These are not conversations to which I am directly privy, so I am loth to offer detail that I do not have.
Suffice it to say that the debate is more nuanced than the hon.
Gentleman implies in his question, but I suspect he knows that.
When we proscribe an organisation such as the IRGC, which is so integral to the Iranian state, we can make it quite hard to have any sort of communication with the Iranian state, but those are matters for colleagues in the Foreign Office.
I will bring his question to their attention, and encourage them to write to him or seek to respond in some other way.
I very much welcome my right hon.
Friend’s comments about insurance for shipping in the Black sea to encourage grain exports.
Can I ask him if the British Government intend to carry on doing everything they can to make sure that those exports happen?
He will be aware that Lebanon relies on those grain exports, and with the current situation in that region, we must ensure that starvation does not become another factor in an already exceptionally tense situation.
There is lots in my right hon.
Friend’s question—on all of which he is entirely right.
First, many countries around the world are dependent on grain exports from Ukraine.
It is a source of constant frustration to me and Government colleagues who go overseas on diplomatic missions to find that the Russians try to claim that somehow Ukraine is using food as a weapon of war, when it is they who are seeking to limit those crucial exports.
Secondly, the more that Ukraine  is able to export, the more that the Ukrainian economy survives and, potentially, grows.
One consequence of the insurance initiative, alongside the military success or the naval success that the Ukrainians have had in the western Black sea, is that shipping from Odesa is growing, which is encouraging.
It is a sign that the new front in the Black sea is succeeding not only militarily but economically.
In August 2022, the Defence Secretary’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , promised a 2023 action plan for Ukraine, but that is still nowhere to be seen with just over a month left in 2023.
Surely, the UK must provide our friends in Ukraine with the long-term certainty of UK military support to repel Russia’s illegal invasion, which is so important to Ukrainian friends and family in Feltham and Heston and across the country.
Will the Minister explain why this action plan has not been published, and when there will be one for 2024?
The former Defence Secretary is a great man.
The Opposition Front-Bench team has rightly sought to hold the Government to account for his commitment to an action plan, but I would reflect personally, in a rare moment of slight disagreement with him, that the masterplan for Ukraine next year is the Ukrainians’ plan for next year, and we, as their key leading supporter, have a duty to resource their plan.
Understanding what that plan is and resourcing it, both through straight cash in-year as well as commitment over three to five years thereafter, are all things we undoubtedly need to do; I think there is complete agreement in the House on that.
I understand the disappointment that the commitment was not made in the autumn statement, but for the UK to publish Ukraine’s plan would clearly be the wrong way of doing things; we need to understand what Ukraine’s plan is and then announce how we will resource it, and we will do so.
Ukraine is holding firm against one of the biggest militaries in the world and it still rightly refuses to see the mass loss of Ukrainian life.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure me on the following two points?
First, as there are reports that we are already seeing a reduction in artillery deliveries to Ukraine, is enough getting through?
Secondly, following Medvedev’s threat to Poland, what are we doing to make sure our allies, such as Canada, meet their 2% of GDP commitment to NATO, as we need them to stay in the fight and protect that eastern flank?
On the first point, “enough” is what there is.
Part of military planning is to moderate consumption levels to meet the scale of deliveries.
Ukraine’s military planning must reflect manufacturing capacity and stockpiles across the donor community.
Enough is getting through, but we will not find a single Ukrainian general who would not want 10 times that amount if it were available.
On the second point, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we must ensure that the donor community remains foursquare behind Ukraine.
In all probability the plans for next year will need to be more around consolidation than the plan for this year, but it is very important that those in the donor community see whatever consolidation is necessary as the right military, strategic  judgment—and still worthy of maintaining donor support—rather than peeling away because it does not feel as sensational as plans in previous years.
The previous Defence Secretary  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace)  was well thought of for the support he demonstrated for Ukraine, and in September last year he told the House that the Government had written “letters of comfort” to industry outlining the Government’s intention to place orders with manufacturers.
In last year’s autumn statement the Treasury announced £560 million for the replacement of the UK stockpile, to be funded from the Treasury reserve rather than the MOD procurement budget.
Where does the Minister think industry, Ukrainians and British service personnel should look for comfort given the silence in the autumn statement on the subject of continued UK support for Ukraine?
I suspect the first line of the hon.
Gentleman’s question would make it into the leaflets of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace)
if he were standing again as that was rare, but much deserved, praise.
I am not sure I understand the rest of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
The Ukrainians know what they are getting this year and they have seen time and again the UK seeking to lead the world and catalyse donations.
We have been the first to go through every capability threshold; they know that and they continue to know that.
UK service personnel will take comfort from the fact that in the autumn statement the Chancellor promised to maintain the 2% commitment—we are actually comfortably exceeding that—and that the complete modernisation and recapitalisation of the fighting echelon across all three services is well under way, with investment, too, in sorting out all the strategic enablers that bring credibility to our warfighting force.
I do not see where any further comfort is needed, either on the Ukrainian side or for the men and women of the UK armed forces.
In fact, it is quite the reverse; I think they know exactly what the Government are doing.
Will the Minister assure the House that political resolve in NATO will remain as strong as ever in the event that this campaign becomes enduring, protracted and attritional?
Will he also assure the House about what is being done to ensure that all NATO countries step up and pay their 2%?
NATO’s resolve is clear but its part in this is to deter escalation beyond Ukraine, whereas the donor community that has formed around Ukraine is a rather separate entity that extends beyond NATO’s borders; that is an important distinction.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that as we prepare for a summit in Washington at which our American colleagues will want to see progress in meeting the NATO commitment, all NATO countries that are not meeting the 2% commitment will perhaps want to consider their spending plans before getting on the plane to Washington.
How is it possible that our NATO ally Turkey has seen a more than threefold increase in exports to Russia this year of goods vital for Putin’s war machine, and what are the Minister and our NATO allies going to do about that?
I am not familiar with that detail and will have to write to the right hon.
Gentleman on it.
You, Mr Speaker, and the Minister will know that one strength that the Government and people of Ukraine have got from this place, both with their President’s two visits and the visits of Members of Parliament, is the cross-party consensus on UK support for Ukraine.
Does the Minister agree that it is concerning—unless I have got this wrong—that today the shadow Secretary of State  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , perhaps for the first time, slipped into party political fighting over this?
I have a great deal of respect for the right hon.
Gentleman and hope that will not be the case as we get nearer to the election because of the strength offered by this place through the cross-party consensus for support for the Ukrainian effort against Russia’s illegal invasion.
The right hon.
Gentleman the shadow Defence Secretary has a job to do and it has been a feature and a great strength of the UK response that it has been largely non-partisan.
I think the right hon.
Gentleman saw an opportunity through the omission in the autumn statement, but I hope in my initial answer I was able to explain to him why understanding the Ukrainian plan must come first and announcing what the UK will do to support that plan necessarily comes second.
There is a benefit to having these regular sessions, and there is of course the opportunity for more regular ministerial statements rather than just urgent questions; I encourage the Minister to think about that in the future.
He will remember that on the last occasion I raised the issue of lethargy and concerns that events in the middle east could be a distraction from support for Ukraine, and I questioned some of the political dynamics evident in the US system.
On this occasion I want to invert that question and ask if he has assessed the impact of the ongoing issues in the middle east and their consequences for countries such as Iran and their support for Russia, and whether that might present an opportunity for Ukraine.
I must be careful not to stray into intelligence matters but my sense is that it would be overoptimistic to think that raised tensions in the middle east might lead to a reduction in Iranian support for Russia; I think that support is now well embedded.
On the other side of the formula, as the hon.
Gentleman implied in the first part of his question there is of course a concern that the wider donor community might be distracted by what is going on in the middle east, and it is important to take moments like this to reassure Ukrainians and remind friends and partners around the world that we must remain steadfast in our support of Ukraine even while we all work together to deter escalation in the middle east.
Effective military support to Ukraine is more than just about providing weapons; it is also about stopping Russia producing and getting its own weapons.
The right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw)  asked about this in  relation to Turkey but I would broaden the question: is the Minister aware of western technology being sourced by Russia and does he think we are doing enough to stop it?
I am certainly aware that there was an alarming level of content from the west in a number of Russian systems that were compromised in the early part of the war.
That leads to two further points.
First, there is the reassurance that if we are constraining our supply chain to Russia—which the sanctions regime largely is, albeit not completely and we need to work on that—its capacity to develop complex weapons is diminished.
Secondly, that also suggests that Russian industry does not have the ability to do these things itself.
It does seem now as if this war will be much longer than we had all hoped.
In that context, political leadership will change.
While it is important that NATO maintains its present position, NATO leadership may change over time.
What steps can be taken, including by our Ministry of Defence, to make the case across the world that the defence of Ukraine is in the global interest, not simply the Ukrainian national interest?
The UK has been making that case from the outset.
The stated aim of the UK Government has been that Russia must fail in Ukraine and be seen to fail.
That is first because that is the right moral outcome for Ukraine—it deserves to restore its territory and live as a free sovereign country—and secondly because if Putin does not fail in Ukraine, he will be emboldened to go again and again.
Euro-Atlantic security over the next 30 to 50 years would be profoundly affected as a consequence.
With much of the media and world now focusing on the ongoing conflict in the middle east, does my right hon.
Friend agree that we must not lose sight of the ongoing suffering of Ukrainians at home and on the battlefield?
I absolutely agree.
We certainly are not allowing it to become a zero-sum thing where we focus only on the middle east or on Ukraine.
We can do both, and the western Balkans and everywhere else where the UK’s interest is challenged.
It is clear that despite heroic efforts by the Ukrainian people, at best a military stalemate will be achieved.
What is the Minister’s estimate of the civilian and military casualties on both sides of this conflict to date?
What are the prospects of negotiations to bring the bloodletting to an end?
I will need to write to the hon.
Gentleman with estimates on both sides.
The number I have in my mind on the Russian side is 320,000 dead and wounded, but clearly there will be Ukrainian casualties as well, and those are numbers are military, not civilian.
I will do my best to respond on that.
I am not sure that I accept the hon.
Gentleman’s assessment that there is an inevitability to stalemate.
The effort required to maintain the current apparent stalemate on land—in the Black sea, things are still  quite dynamic—is incredible.
It is not an inevitable consequence, but the consequence of an extraordinary amount of effort on both sides.
If one side loses the strategic depth or patience to maintain that effort, it is perfectly possible that a very different outcome will be achieved one way or the other.
That is why it is important we are completely committed to maintaining the current level of effort.
As the question from  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Tony Lloyd)  pointed to, we continue to make that case to friends and partners around the world, so that the donor community remains strong, because there is nothing inevitable about the outcome of this war.
Russia’s financing of this illegal conflict is derived from international trade, particularly the export of oil.
I have highlighted how Russia is circumventing the unprecedented sanctions that have been introduced.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that in this dynamic situation we need to be constantly alive to how international trade is made, so that we can prevent and block the financing of this conflict?
Will he agree to work with international partners in reassessing what further needs to be done?
Absolutely.
There is a military line of endeavour, but so too there is a diplomatic and economic one.
The Minister for Europe—the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldershot (Leo Docherty) —was on the Front Bench to hear my right hon.
Friend’s question.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to note the importance of advancing on all fronts with equal vigour.
The renewed attacks on Kyiv at the weekend and the threats to power plants remind us how widespread the impact of the war is on Ukraine.
Could the Minister update us on what recent talks he or ministerial colleagues have had with Ukrainian Ministers about recovery and reconstruction?
Can he give details of what the UK is doing to help now?