Early on Saturday morning, sirens sounded across Kyiv for six hours.
Families took to shelters and fear spread across the city.
That day, 75 drones were launched on Kyiv—the biggest strike on Ukraine since Putin’s brutal illegal invasion began, as the Minister said.
With attention on the middle east, this is a wake-up call about Russia.
Putin can still unleash fresh horrors on Ukraine, still shows contempt for international law, and still wants to redraw sovereign boundaries by force.
Six hundred and forty-two days on, Ukrainians are living with fear every day, fighting every day, and dying every day.
The defence of the UK starts in Ukraine, because  if Putin prevails, he will not stop with Ukraine.
I pay tribute to the UK troops who are training Ukrainian forces, flying out military aid and reinforcing regional security through NATO.
Last month, the Defence Secretary said: “Let’s not forget about Ukraine.”
So why did the autumn statement do just that?
There was no 2024 military funding or action plan for Ukraine.
At the very time when Ukraine needs confidence that it has strong, continuing support from allies, the Prime Minister is stepping back.
UK leadership on Ukraine is flagging: this year’s £2.3 billion of UK military funding runs out in March, while this month Germany announced €8 billion of military aid for next year.
When will the Defence Secretary himself make a statement on Ukraine?
When will Ministers announce the next delivery of UK weapons?
When will the Government pledge funding for fresh military aid and publish a 2024 action plan for the military, economic and diplomatic support that Ukraine needs?
When will the Prime Minister demonstrate by his decisions and actions that Britain will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes to win?
I do not think there is any doubt in Kyiv—in fact, I know there is no doubt—about the UK’s continued support, and indeed its leadership on gifting within the international community.
While I appreciate that the right hon.
Gentleman is keen to make a political point, I think that deep down he knows that too, because he speaks to the Ukrainians.
I know, as he does, that they continue to regard the UK as the standard bearer globally for encouraging others to donate ever more and, crucially, to donate weapons systems with ever more complexity.
I have no doubt—as I think, deep down, the right hon.
Gentleman has no doubt—that the Ukrainian Government maintain their confidence in us as one of their key allies, if not their key ally, and that the UK’s leadership is certainly not flagging.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the announcement of weapons.
The reality is that we are giving a very broad range of weapons.
While he might think it is militarily sound to focus on always giving something new, just being resilient in our ability to keep giving what we are giving is every bit as important to the operational planning that the Ukrainian armed forces need to do.
This is not a set of gimmicks—a set of announcements.
This is about the resourcing of a military operational plan that UK military operational planners are key in developing with the Ukrainians.
I am entirely comfortable that across a whole range of weapons systems, the pipeline that we now have in place to deliver every month, not only from our own stockpiles and manufacturing capacity but from those that we can access globally, is a reliable, dependable part of the Ukrainian plan.
As for the plan for next year, I completely accept that the right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that a number could have been given in the autumn statement, but surely it is more important to give a number that reflects the discussions that the chairman of the joint chiefs, the Chief of the Defence Staff and General Zaluzhny have had, and those that senior US, UK and Ukrainian politicians have had, in order to understand the Ukrainian ambition for their operations next year, so that we can resource that properly.
All the way through, what the UK has done better than anyone else in the world is understand what the Ukrainians want to do next and get there first in delivering that capability, in so doing emboldening others to follow.
As soon as the plan for next year is confirmed, I am certain that the amount  that it will cost will be announced to Parliament and the plan firmed up, so that the right hon.
Gentleman will be satisfied.
That is an intriguing rationale for the fact that we gave £2.3 billion for the first year of the war and £2.3 billion for the second year of the war.
Can the Minister convey to his colleagues in Government that Members on both sides of the House would be dismayed if we gave less than £2.3 billion for the year ahead?
In his discussions with the Chancellor, might the Defence Secretary remind him that, when he stood for the leadership of the Conservative party, he recommended not 2% but 4% of GDP to be spent on defence?
I certainly can.