The Minister is being a little shameless with his figures.
We really ought to look at what is continuing to happen in England.
In England, industry and other bodies warned that the supposed changes to onshore planning restrictions that were announced in September were far too timid to make any real difference to the dearth of new onshore wind.
I recently visited the site in Leighton Buzzard of the only turbine that has been put in place onshore in England since those supposed restrictions were lifted.
It turns out that it has been in the planning process since 2014, and is not on a new site anyway.
The Department’s renewable energy planning database shows that there are precisely zero new schemes in the pipeline in England.
Should the Minister not go away and reconsider the remaining planning and funding restrictions on onshore wind so that it really can get going again?
As I have said, I share the enthusiasm on both sides of the House for onshore wind.
The Government have set regulations that require onshore wind developers to consult communities in advance of submitting a planning application, as well as having it consulted on post-submission.
We make no apology for  rolling out this transformation in renewable technologies in concert with communities, rather than seeking to ride roughshod over them.
When she plans to make a decision on the application for development consent for the proposed AQUIND interconnector project.
The proposed AQUIND interconnector project is a live planning application currently being redetermined by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State, who is progressing the work in the normal course of business.
That means that, as set out in the planning propriety guidance, I am unable to give any further information on the progress of this live case.
Portsmouth people have waited far too long for the Government to decide against AQUIND.
Will the co-owner’s donation of more than £1 million to the Tories—including £6,000 to the Prime Minister’s constituency party and over £70,000 to the Chancellor—be a factor in the Minister’s decision on what is a disastrous project for Portsmouth?