Thursday is Fuel Poverty Awareness Day, and recently the Scottish Fuel Poverty Advisory Panel estimated that nearly 30% of households in Scotland are facing extreme fuel poverty, up from 12% in 2019.
Does the Secretary of State agree that at the very least that is concerning?
Somehow a third of my constituents in the north-east of Scotland—home to a 50-year bonanza for His Majesty’s Treasury—live in energy-rich Scotland but find themselves in fuel poverty.
Is that what Unionists mean by pooling and sharing resources?
We have taken energy prices going up incredibly seriously, which is why we have spent £104 billion protecting the British people.
That is one of the most generous packages anywhere in Europe.
If the hon.
Member cares about the incomes of people in Scotland, I suggest that he backs British oil and gas jobs.
What recent assessment she has made of the impact of the US Inflation Reduction Act on levels of investment in low carbon industries in the UK.
In the UK, we have seen nearly £200 billion-worth of investment in low carbon sectors since 2010.
That is 50% more than the US as a share of GDP.
At the global investment summit just yesterday, it was clear that businesses see Britain very much as open for business, and that was backed up by £29 billion-worth of investment.
In the summer, I heard about President Biden’s plan to use America’s industrial might to power up New York using offshore wind.
Given that we need to turbocharge the green economy, why will the Government’s response to the Inflation Reduction Act not come into effect until 2025?
We have taken many steps already.
We have set out new plans for auction round 6 of renewable energy and for permanent economy-wide full expensing.
We changed planning, and we are unlocking the grid.
The fund that the hon.
Member mentioned will unlock supply chains across the UK.
What have people said?
Scottish Renewables has said it is “a shot in the arm for the sector”.
The Offshore Wind Industry Council has said that it will help us retain our position as a “global leader”.
It has been welcomed by Make UK, Energy UK and many other businesses as well.
Last week, the Chancellor’s autumn statement included an important commitment on the Government’s part to bring forward legislation to modernise the Crown Estate’s investment and borrowing powers, which is a vital step for deploying 16 GW of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
That will benefit the whole of Wales, and we hope in particular my constituency and the port of Milford Haven.
When are the Government likely to bring forward that important legislation?
My right hon.
Friend has been a doughty champion for the Celtic sea.
He knows that we have a commitment to unlock an additional 12 GW of wind power in the Celtic sea.
That is important to us, and we will bring forward the legislation in due course.