As part of the recent floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme, ambitious and comprehensive bids for funding to support developments by three major industry players on the Tyne were unsuccessful.
Will the Minister meet me and those key Tyne businesses to discuss what further opportunities the Department can bring to mobilise the high-quality assets of our great river?
The Government are collaborating with industry to identify solutions to unblock barriers to offshore wind deployment.
I know that the UK Infrastructure Bank is providing support to the Port of Tyne.
The FLOWMIS project is currently live, so I cannot comment on it, but I would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss these issues.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has made a lot of progress in trying to bring together a holistic network, but it is too late for communities in Suffolk, Norfolk and Essex.
In that regard, will she request that the electricity system operator publishes its survey of the Bradwell site, and that it undertakes a fresh one, with a full cost-benefit analysis, as a pilot for future connections?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, the ESO has conducted an investigation into Bradwell and its suitability, but I am happy to meet her again to discuss Bradwell, the location of future projects, and how we might work together to ensure that her constituents see the benefits of any future energy infrastructure built in that part of the country.
It now seems clear that the funds that the Government plan to commit to loss and damage at COP28 will come from the UK’s existing climate finance commitments.
We cannot tackle the climate crisis by robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Given that a properly resourced and operational loss and damage finance fund has to be a litmus test of success, will the Minister commit to looking at new and additional forms of funding, including a permanent windfall tax on fossil fuel companies and a tax on high-emission travel, to deliver new finance and make polluters pay?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight loss and damage as we approach COP28.
We were pleased to play our part on the transitional committee in getting a recommendation to COP, and we look forward to its being operationalised in the near future.
I agree with her that, if we are to get the scale of finance that is required, particularly for the most vulnerable countries at the front end, we need to look at innovative ways of adding to that finance.
Wind energy projects have a standard compensation scheme for all local communities, but solar projects do not.
Industry will not act, so I urge my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to bring in a standard measure for all solar projects to bring fairness to clean energy in our communities.