The UK is doing a lot—indeed, it is doing more than most—and we have been the first to go through every capability threshold.
Although unfortunately it cannot yet be discussed openly in public or even in the House, the UK has also been able to use our ability to support the Ukrainians in developing their own complex weapons.
That, when the time comes, will be one of the great stories, but it is of course something that we are doing all the time.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the publication of net migration figures.
The most recent published data from the Office for National Statistics estimated that net migration in the year to June 2023 was at 672,000.
That places untold pressure on housing supply and public services and makes successful integration virtually impossible.
As the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have repeatedly made clear, it is far too high.
The Government remain committed to reducing levels of legal migration, in line with the manifesto commitment on which every single Conservative MP stood in 2019 and the express wish of the British public as articulated at every single general election in the last 30 years.
Earlier this year, we took action to tackle an unforeseen and substantial rise in the number of students bringing dependants into the UK to roughly 150,000.
That means that, beginning with courses starting in January, students on taught postgraduate courses will no longer have the ability to bring dependants; only students on designated postgraduate research programmes will be able to bring dependants.
That will have a tangible effect on net migration.
It is crystal clear that we need to reduce the numbers significantly by bringing forward further measures to control and reduce the number of people coming here, and separately to stop the abuse and exploitation of our visa system by companies and individuals.
So far this year, we have initiated a significant number of investigations into sectors such as care companies suspected of breaching immigration rules.
We are actively working across Government on further substantive measures and will announce details to the House as soon as possible.
Where is the Home Secretary, and what on earth is going on?
The media were briefed that he was going to make a statement on net migration yesterday or today, but we have had nothing, and he is nowhere.
The Immigration Minister has been everywhere, madly briefing all his ideas, but who speaks for the Government?
Net migration figures are now three times their level at the 2019 general election, when the Conservatives promised to reduce them.
That includes a 65% increase in work migration this year, which reflects a complete failure by the Conservatives on both the economy and immigration.
The Immigration Minister is complaining today—he will be furious when he discovers who has been in charge of the immigration system for the last 13 years.
Net migration should come down.
Immigration is important for Britain and always will be, but the system needs to be properly controlled and managed so that it is fair, effective and properly linked to the economy.
Net migration for work has trebled since 2019 because of the Government’s failure on skills and training, their failure to tackle record levels of long-term sickness and people on waiting lists, and their failure to make the  system work.
Social care visas have gone from 3,000 a year to more than 100,000 a year, yet this spring Ministers halved the programme for recruiting care workers here.
Health visas are up, yet Ministers cut training places last autumn.
Visas for engineers are up while engineering apprenticeship completions in the UK have halved.
Will the Government immediately agree to Labour’s plan to get rid of the unfair wage discount that means employers can pay overseas recruits 20% less than the going rate, and which prevents training and fair pay in the UK?
Will the Government immediately ask the Migration Advisory Committee to review salary thresholds for skilled workers in shortage occupations, which have not kept up, and where the MAC has warned repeatedly about low-paid exploitation?
Will the Minister link the points-based system to training and employment standards in the UK and have a proper plan for the economy and the immigration system?
The Government have no serious plan; they are just ramping up the rhetoric.
They have no plan for the economy, no plan for the immigration system and no plan for the country.
Britain deserves better than this.
I listened to the right hon.
Lady for five minutes or so and detected absolutely no trace of a plan from her— Order.
I am worried, because I can only allow two minutes.
Please do not go telling everybody that I have allowed five minutes.
Honestly, it was only two minutes.
I will keep that as a secret, Mr Speaker.
The only policy that the right hon.
Lady articulated is something that is barely used and would have a de minimis effect on net migration, but that should come as no surprise to any of us.
She has spent her entire political career campaigning for uncontrolled migration.
She has campaigned for freedom of movement—she backed a Leader of the Opposition who campaigned for freedom of movement.
She has always supported and lobbied and campaigned for unfettered access to the United Kingdom.
She said that there is chaos on the Government side of the House, but all we heard from her was rhetoric and posturing.
It would be laughable if it were not so serious.
Every single Conservative Member of Parliament campaigned on a manifesto commitment to bring down net migration.
I did not see that in the Labour party’s manifesto at the last election.
Although she may be doing what she is because she is reading the polls or wants to posture, we are doing it out of deep political conviction.
We believe that the number of people coming into this country is too high, that it places unbearable pressure on our public services and on housing, and that it is making it impossible to integrate people into this country and harming community cohesion and national unity.
It is also a moral failure, because it is leaving people on welfare and enabling companies all too often to reach for the easy lever of foreign labour.
For all those reasons, we are determined to tackle this issue.
We understand the concerns of the British public, and I am here to say that we share them and will bring forward a serious package of fundamental reforms to address the issue once and for all.
I congratulate the shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper) , as it is clear from the two ideas she laid out that she has read the 12 points in the New Conservatives’ immigration plan.
She is more than willing to copy and paste, just as the shadow Chancellor would, had she had the opportunity.