Instead of properly responding to America’s Inflation Reduction Act, the Government held a meeting with businesses yesterday—you might not have seen it, Mr Speaker, as it did not make any of the front pages.
Was the global investment summit not just a distraction from the same old fundamentals—business confidence is down, exports are down, and growth forecasts are down after 13 years of instability and uncertainty?
Does the Secretary of State think that lack of business confidence is because her Government trashed the economy last year, because her Government told business to eff off, or because, as Mark Carney said, the Government have “juvenilised” the climate debate instead of using it as a driver of good jobs?
Does she not agree with those from a global pension fund I spoke to this morning who said it is time we got some adults in the room?
What we saw yesterday was £7 billion from Iberdrola for UK electricity networks and renewables, and £300 million from Aira, the heat pump installer.
In the last couple of weeks, we have had £500 million from Sea Wind, £2 billion from Nissan, and £186 million from Siemens Gamesa.
What the hon.
Lady should understand is that there is a difference between what the Government are offering, which is £29 billion of investment, and what Labour is offering, which is £28 billion of borrowing.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses on the Government's net zero targets.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the contribution of businesses to helping meet the UK's net zero targets.
As a fellow Lancastrian, I hope you had a good Lancashire Day yesterday, Mr Speaker.
As a Yorkshire MP, I resent that remark.
[Laughter.]
I meet regularly with business leaders and organisations.
I chair or co-chair, among others: the Offshore Wind Industry Council, which I will be going straight to after questions; the solar taskforce; the green jobs delivery group, which met yesterday; the North sea transition forum, which I will attend tomorrow; and, from a strategic cross-cutting point of view, the Net Zero Council.
Of course, the Secretary of State and I met global leaders yesterday.
Well, as the Minister seems to meet so many business leaders, he must have heard their shock and horror about the Government’s roll-backs on net zero.
Earlier this month, the Aviva chief executive officer Amanda Blanc said that the Government were putting our climate goals as a country “under threat”, putting at risk “jobs, growth and the additional investment the UK requires”.
She is not wrong, is she?
The hon.
Gentleman has a well-founded and highly esteemed reputation for anger.
Under this Government, this country has cut its emissions more than any other major economy on the planet, and we have the most ambitious plans for 2030.
When I attend COP28 next week, we will be inviting and supporting others to join the UK, which under this Conservative Government has led the way on a pathway to net zero.
The Industrial Decarbonisation Research and Innovation Centre based at Heriot-Watt University in my constituency is doing incredible work on the green transformation across the UK’s industrial heartlands.
It is working with all the biggest industrial clusters and is supporting more than 30 universities and research initiatives, looking at all aspects of the Government’s decarbonisation challenge.
As such, it is well placed to assist business to meet our net zero targets.
The problem is that its funding is coming to an end next March, and at present there is nothing to replace it.
The science  Minister promised me a meeting about this urgent issue several months ago, but it has been cancelled a number of times.
Will the Minister advocate with his colleague so that I can get this meeting arranged and get funding in place for IDRIC to continue its fantastic work?