I have to say that I spent the first 40 years of my life in Bedfordshire and I had no idea that Bedfordshire Day was a thing, but happy Bedfordshire Day anyway.
Fifteen years ago, the Labour Government introduced the Climate Change Act 2008, a landmark piece of legislation that has guided climate policy and progress in this country and inspired similar action around the world—admirably led, it has to be said, by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband) .
But where is that leadership now?
How can the Prime Minister show his face at COP when, in the words of the Climate Change Committee, his entirely cynical backtracking has created “widespread uncertainty for consumers and the supply chain”, has increased “both energy bills and motoring costs” and made “Net Zero considerably harder to achieve”?
I think the hon.
Lady is putting a lot of words into the Climate Change Committee’s mouth there.
What it actually said was that, in terms of emissions, it would make no material difference.
As I have said, the UN’s emissions gap report showed just last week that the UK was expected to reduce emissions between 2015 and 2030 at the fastest rate in the G20 group.
This is yet more doom and gloom from the Opposition.
If we look at what we have actually achieved, we can see that we have the most ambitious targets in the world and we have set out unprecedented levels of detail.
We will continue to do so.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the energy bills support scheme alternative fund and the alternative fuel payment alternative fund.
The Government provide energy bills support through the energy bills support scheme alternative funding to over 150,000 households, and via the alternative fuel payment alternative fund to nearly 90,000 households that could not automatically access this vital support.
Energy bills are up 50% since 2021, but there was no mention of this in the autumn statement and £440 million earmarked for the most vulnerable households went unspent last year, yet in my constituency of Edinburgh West, pensioners, carers and disabled people who often have to use more electricity for life-saving equipment are paying those bigger bills.
All of them are also paying higher standing charges than elsewhere in the UK.
If the Chancellor will not commit to reopening the energy bills support scheme or the alternative fuel payment scheme, will the Secretary of State do so?
Of course, as a Government we are looking at the standing charges; it is imperative that we do that and Ofgem is working through that.
We have also given an unprecedented amount of support to households and non-domestic organisations.
I reiterate that there is support at the moment.
We have the £900 for the cost of living.
We also have the disability allowance and other allowances.
To give assurance, I meet regularly with all stakeholders.
What discussions she has had with National Grid on its planned timetable for building new substations, pylons and cabling in the east of England.
I frequently meet the network companies to discuss their important work developing our electricity transmission network.
I have also been pleased to meet communities and MPs from East Anglia to discuss concerns about network infrastructure.
However, as the decision maker for planning consents, the Department does not get involved in individual projects.
I feel moved to found a Clacton Day.
Why not?
I have called for the old Bradwell site on the Dengie peninsula to be used for the arrival of undersea cables, as opposed to wrecking the environment of Essex and other areas with substations, pylons and so on.
With the scrapping of High Speed 2 as an example, does my hon.
Friend agree that public bodies now need to do a better job of assessing possible alternatives, instead of just barrelling forward with boatloads of taxpayers’ cash and destroying our beautiful countryside?