Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an invaluable leader of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, Johnnie Kaberle, for 30 years of exemplary dedication and service to our Nation.
In 2020, Johnnie took over as the Minority Clerk of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.
From the creation of the Accelerate the Procurement and Fielding of Innovative Technologies or ``APFIT'' program, which provides vital bridge funding to promising new defense companies, to the preservation of the USS Fort Worth from premature decommissioning, she successfully championed robust national security spending and Republican priorities in the enacted Fiscal Year 2020 through Fiscal Year 2023 Defense Appropriations acts.
After serving ably and dual-hatted as the House Appropriations Committee Deputy Staff Director and Defense Subcommittee Minority Clerk, Johnnie rightfully took on an even more challenging and impactful role as the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Majority Staff Director and Clerk when Republicans won the Majority in 2022.
In this role, she led a staff of fourteen defense and intelligence experts in the drafting and passage of the Fiscal Year 2024 Defense Appropriations Act and House passage of the Fiscal Year 2025 Defense Appropriations bill.
At over $800 billion per fiscal year, this bill is the largest and most complex appropriations bill for the Nation and in the world.
Johnnie's innate ability to build coalitions across Members of Congress, senior administration officials, and industry executives, to achieve United States national security objectives is truly breathtaking to witness and invaluable to a Subcommittee Chairman.
Among her many accomplishments as Majority Clerk, Johnnie's will possibly be most remembered for spearheading my vision to accelerate the adoption of innovation across the Department.
Because of her efforts, Congress allocated nearly $2.5 billion toward defense innovation, including rapid procurement and fielding of promising defense technologies through the Defense Innovation Unit, the creation and funding of APFIT, and the support of the Office of Strategic Capital.
This will have a lasting impact on our national security and ensure continued American military supremacy.
On a personal note, Johnnie has been a trusted advisor and friend to the Members of the Subcommittee on both sides of the aisle.
Her partnership with Chair Emeritus Kay Granger, Chairman Tom Cole, and myself has been instrumental to our efforts to make the Department of Defense a more agile and effective organization.
Her contributions to America's warfighters will endure long after her tenure in the House of