Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and offer my praise and gratitude to World War II veteran, American hero, and 101 -year-old Kosciusko County resident Charles Garner.
Born in Fulton County on July 3, 1923, Charles Garner is a decorated veteran who honorably served our Nation in uniform, and who has shown his commitment to making Kosciusko County an even better place to live, learn, work, and raise a family after he returned home from battle.
Charles enlisted in the Army Reserves in 1942 during the height of World War II while attending Indiana Central College in Indianapolis.
Charles' service in uniform saw him serve in a mortar battalion, once digging five foxholes in two days while being surrounded by the German Army during the Battle of the Bulge, and it took him across Normandy, northern France, central Europe, and the Rhineland during different campaigns and battles.
After his service in Europe, Charles was on his way to fight in the Pacific Theater in Japan when he and his fellow servicemembers learned that the war was finally over.
Because of his honorable and valorous service, Charles was awarded a Good Conduct Medal, one service stripe, two overseas bars, and a European African Middle Eastern Theater Ribbon with five bronze stars.
Upon returning home, Charles attended Indiana Central College and received a master's degree from Indiana University, which he used to launch a career in education that took him from teacher to Leesburg School principal to Warsaw Community High School assistant principal over the course of 38 years.
After more than a century and still going of living life to the fullest, I am happy to join countless Hoosiers, including his three sons and dozens and dozens of grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and great-great-grandchildren, in commending Charles Garner for his brave military service and thanking him for the many contributions he has made to Kosciusko County, Indiana's Second District, and our country.
May God bless Charles Garner.