Born more than a century ago, Bob embodies what it means to be part of the ``Greatest Generation.''
When the forces of fascism and tyranny threatened the peace, security, and freedom of millions, Bob answered the call to serve our Nation as a soldier in the United States Army.
During one of the most crucial periods of fighting on the Western Front in the Second World War, Bob led his Army platoon during the Battle of Hurtgen Forest.
A Second Lieutenant at the time, Bob earned the Silver Star after being shot in the arm.
The Silver Star is one of the most prestigious medals of honor our Nation can bestow on a servicemember, and it appropriately recognizes Bob's valor in combat and his gallantry in action against the enemy.
Bob's Silver Star, along with his Purple Heart, Bronze Star, Combat Infantry Badge, World War II Victory Medal, and European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, are all physical proof and outward symbols of Bob's inner fortitude, leadership abilities, and his unwavering commitment to duty and service.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must constantly be fought for and vigilantly guarded by each generation.
That noble mission is exactly what Bob helped carry out when he wore the uniform of the United States Military.
Because of the service and sacrifice of warriors like Bob, generations of Americans have been able to experience the blessings of liberty and live in a land that is free.
For that, all of us owe Bob and his fellow veterans a debt we can never fully repay.
Bob's dedication to service did not stop when he returned home to Indiana after battle.
Bob has been very active in a number of community organizations throughout Kosciusko County, and the Warsaw City Council, the Rotary Club, Salvation Army, Warsaw Evangelical Community Church, and Mobile Meals program have all benefited greatly from Bob's involvement.
Simply put, Bob epitomizes what it means to put ``Service Above Self.''
Despite all these impressive accolades and countless testimonials from those he has helped over the years, perhaps Bob's best legacy are his and his wife Marge's seven children, and their more than two dozen grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
After more than a century of life well lived, I join countless Hoosiers in celebrating Bob Gast and in thanking him for his loyal service and the many, many contributions he has made to the Kosciusko County community, Indiana's Second Congressional District, and our country.
May God bless Bob Gast.