The Lord Chancellor will know that there is particular concern about the growth of the remand population in our prisons, which causes great disruption.
He will also know that the senior presiding judge and others are taking innovative measures to list remand cases, but will the Lord Chancellor confirm that, to support that, there will be no financial cap on sitting days in the Crown courts?
As always, my hon.
and learned Friend gets to the heart of the matter.
Before the pandemic, around 9,000 people were in custody awaiting trial.
The figure is now closer to 16,000, which plainly has an impact.
It is because we did not get rid of jury trials, which was the right thing to do.
I am grateful to the Lord Chief Justice and the senior presiding judge for considering remote hearings of bail applications, to ensure that more lawyers are able to do the cases.
Having enough practitioners, as well as sitting days, is critical, and both will have my attention.
Last week’s letter to the Justice Secretary from the chief inspector of prisons again highlighted the dreadful conditions in Wandsworth Prison.
Will the Secretary of State take urgent steps to end the overcrowding?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this hard-hitting, searing report.
I was interested to note that, although there is a full complement of officers, the prison simply is not delivering the regime that it should.
We absolutely accept that.
Of course, the high remand population is an issue at Wandsworth, but Cardiff and Liverpool have achieved fantastic results.
It can be turned around, so we are responding rapidly.
We have already invested heavily, and £24 million has been spent.
We have already deployed extra staff at all grades, and we will be providing support.
A prison standards coaching team is offering face-to-face coaching for band 3 officers, with further deployment shortly.
I appreciate that an inquiry is being conducted regarding the Horizon scandal, but what is the Department doing to hold to account those lawyers who prosecuted sub-postmasters despite the evidence being to the contrary?
Anybody who appears in court, but particularly prosecutors, must be mindful of their solemn and sacred duty to disclose material to the defence that might reasonably be considered capable of undermining the case for the prosecution—that is literally the  most important rule.
If they failed in this case, I would expect the appropriate authorities to take robust and prompt action.
For the final question, I call Imran Hussain.
Since I last raised this question with Ministers, it has now been estimated that there are more than 10,000 victims of the SSB Law scandal.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford South (Judith Cummins)  said, we are hosting an event later today to listen to those victims talk about the real impact on their lives—I extend an invitation to the Minister.
Will he commit to my asks of real compensation and protection for the victims of what is now a national scandal?