Restorative justice in Northern Ireland has been an effective method of ensuring that victims and perpetrators can at least come together and perhaps try to find a solution.
It is also a way of ensuring lesser sentences.
Has the Minister been able to look at the community restorative justice that we have done in Northern Ireland to ensure that those on the mainland who offend can have a new life as well?
I personally have not, but I gather that Minister of Justice officials are abreast of that.
I would like to meet the hon.
Gentleman to hear more about that from him personally.
What progress his Department has made on delivering 20,000 new prison places.
What steps he is taking to increase prison capacity.
Thanks to funding from the Prime Minister when he was Chancellor, we are delivering the largest prison building programme since the Victorian era, with 10,000 additional places on track to be delivered by the end of next year.
To secure the pipeline of further prisons, last October I announced an investment of £30 million to acquire land even further in advance to mitigate the risk of planning delay.
We are also delivering an additional 460 rapid deployment cells across the estate.
The National Audit Office warned the Government over four years ago that prisons would run out of space by 2023.
Of the promised 20,000 places, it has been revealed that only just over a quarter have been delivered, so as a result we see the Government spending £50 million renting out police cells, grim conditions in overcrowded prisons and a chaotic early release scheme.
Why have the Government proved incapable of averting this crisis?
As a result of the record amount of investment in prisons, we brought on HMP Fosse Way, and we have HMP Five Wells.
I invite the hon.
Member to visit them, because these are excellent, modern prisons with fantastic rehabilitative conditions, providing an excellent opportunity to keep the public secure and prisoners rehabilitated.
We will also be rolling out HMP Millsike.
We have planning permission for HMP Gartree.
We are also rolling out houseblocks at Stocken, Rye Hill and Guys Marsh; and there will be further ones at Gartree.
This is a Government who believe in building, and we are getting on with the job.
Managing prison capacity is in part about ensuring that we have enough prison officers, but being a prison officer can be both demanding and dangerous, with 70% of prisoners between the ages of 25 and 49—at the peak of their physical fitness.
My prison officer constituent told me that, despite that, the officer retirement age is 68, meaning that staff well into their 60s are dealing with young and often aggressive people.
While it is important to retain experienced prison officers and recruit to the service, what consideration has my right hon.
and learned Friend given to reducing the retirement age in line with policing?
Prison officers are the absolute backbone of the system, and it is absolutely right that we should recruit and retain.
I am pleased to say that in 2023 we recruited an additional 1,600 officers and, just as importantly, the resignation rate is coming down, from 10.5% to 8.5%.
That is really positive.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about retirement, it is worth knowing that the employee contribution rate to pensions for prison officers is one of the most competitive in the public sector.
That is exactly as it should be.
On the specific point of retirement age, I will be happy to discuss that with her further.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the use of non-disclosure agreements in sexual assault, harassment and misconduct cases.
It is important to flag at the outset that confidentiality clauses are only ever used in the civil context, rather than the criminal.
With that in mind, we are tabling an amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to make any non-disclosure agreement void if it purports to restrict the right of an individual to report the same act to the police or to access any kind of medical or therapeutic support—a move that has been welcomed by many, including the Law Society and the Bar Council.
Thousands of people are silenced due to non-disclosure agreements and gagging clauses in cases of alleged sexual violence, bullying and harassment.
The Legal Services Board has reported that signatories of NDAs suffer devastating impacts due to fear of retribution.
Pregnant Then Screwed has said that an estimated 435,295 mothers have been gagged by an NDA or confidentiality clause.
The Bill tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  would end the misuse of NDAs in the workplace.
Why are the Government so hesitant about supporting a statutory ban?
As someone who spent more than a decade practising as an employment lawyer, I can tell the hon.
Lady that there is a role for the confidentiality clause in any kind of compromise agreement when both sides resolve their dispute without going to court, and without admission of liability or any finding of liability on either side.
We recognise that when they are used in their most extreme form, particularly in the most high-profile sexual harassment claims, victims have told us that they felt they could not go to the police or access counselling.
We have righted that wrong.
However, I will stand up for confidentiality clauses, and I want to correct slightly the hon.
Lady’s point: they are only really encountered where there is a dispute concerning the Equality Act 2010.
That needs to be immediately contextualised—it applies only in employment, education and in the provision of goods and services.
We have taken the same step in relation to students through the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
Reducing reoffending is a core mission of these Ministers and this Government.
That is why we have prioritised accommodation for prison leavers and why we have invested heavily in employment, with prison employment leads and employment hubs in every resettlement prison.
Crucially, the plan is working: in the two years to March 2023, the proportion of prison leavers in employment six months post release more than doubled.
Clearly, providing safe and secure accommodation for ex-offenders when they leave prison is the first and most important part of getting them on the path to rebuilding their lives.
What action is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking to ensure that that happens, so that people are not tempted to reoffend?
No one in this House has done more than my hon.
Friend to look after the plight of people who are homeless or at risk of homelessness.
I am proud to say that the proportion of offenders in homes for their first night post release is 86%.
That is because we have rolled out 12 weeks of guaranteed community accommodation.
I went to Luton and Dunstable and spoke to a probation officer who had worked there for 30 years, and he said that was the single most significant policy roll-out of his entire career.
It is critical to ensure that prisoners and ex-offenders can be rehabilitated.
Does the Secretary of State agree that reoffending rates would reduce further if we had a more concentrated attack on the illicit substances that continue to go into prisons, as well as the massive use of prescription drugs, which many people in prisons tell me are causing problems for people close to release?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an excellent point, and he is right.
The reoffending rate is worth focusing on: in 2010 it was around 31%, and now it is 25%.
The reason for that is a combination of focusing on accommodation, as we have just discussed, and employment so that people have a stake in society, as well as tackling substance abuse.
We are looking at technology with great focus, to ensure that people can be treated for their substance addition on the inside by the very clinicians who will treat them on the outside.
That continuity is vital to get them off drugs and rehabilitate them.
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of support available to jurors who have been adversely affected by sitting on a jury.
Juries are a vital part of our criminal justice system, and jury service is an important civic duty.
We want to do everything we can to help jurors feel supported as they undertake that important role, which is why the Government have announced our intention to test counselling sessions for jurors who suffer mental and emotional strain following a trial.
That pilot will commence in 15 courts this summer.
Currently, jurors dealing with extremely violent crimes, witnessing ever-increasingly sophisticated and graphic material, often feel that they do not have sufficient aftercare to deal with their experiences.
They are advised to seek counselling only with their GP or the Samaritans.
What discussions has the Minister had on increasing the amount of post-trial support for jurors when they have faced potentially traumatic levels of stress as a result of their experience?