The Minister will be aware of the dire, indeed dangerous, situation we faced at Chelmsford Prison three years ago, when the prison was placed in special measures.
He may have seen the latest inspection report which praises the improvements, especially in being a safer and more productive place and the work done to take drugs and contraband out of the prison.
I thank the Justice Secretary personally for the focus he gave this issue when he was prisons Minister, and congratulate the governor and the staff.
Does the Minister agree that the lessons from Chelmsford could help other prisons such as Parc and that, with the right approach, even the worst prison can be turned around?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for her dexterity in asking her question.
She makes a very important point in paying tribute to the work that has been done at Chelmsford prison by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Secretary of State, working with the team and all the staff there.
I also note the close interest she has taken and how much that means to the staff and the team at her local prison.
She rightly points out that there are opportunities to learn lessons from that which may well benefit prisons such as Parc.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of reoffending rates among children and young people.
Over the 10 years to 2022, proven reoffending rates, cautions and convictions for children and young people have fallen from 40.4% to 32.2%.
Although there has been a slight uptick over the past year, the fact remains that reoffending by children and young people has fallen significantly under this Government.
Last week I saw the powerful new play “Punch” by James Graham.
I cannot recommend it highly enough to all right hon.
and hon.
Members, who are welcome to come to Nottingham Playhouse to see it.
It raises important questions about young men and their offending behaviour and shines a light on the potential power of restorative justice.
What role does the Minister believe restorative justice can and should play in tackling reoffending, which, as he said, has risen for the first time in a decade among adults and children?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady not just for her question, but for her kind invitation to visit Nottingham Playhouse—it is just up the road from my constituency in Leicestershire, so I might take her up on that.
In answer to her substantive question, although decisions on restorative justice are a matter for judges—there are relevant considerations to take into account—I see  restorative justice as one element of a package that can help to reduce reoffending and get children and young people who commit crime back on to the straight and narrow.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of trends in the number of drugs found in prisons over the last five years.
The Government take a zero-tolerance approach to drugs in prison, as is reflected in our policy approach, which has seen £100 million-worth of investment into measures to tackle the smuggling of contraband, including drugs, into prisons.
In the year ending March 2023, there were 19.7% fewer incidents where drugs were found than in the year to March 2019, reversing that pre-pandemic trend.
There remains more to do, but it is important to note that progress has been made.
The most recent report by HM inspectorate of prisons into HMP Parc in 2022 found that almost half of prisoners had easy access to drugs, and our current Welsh Affairs Committee inquiry into prisons has received evidence regarding drug use, as well as the fact that Parc is understaffed and staff are inexperienced.
In light of that evidence, and the recent deaths and surge in recorded violence in Parc Prison, would the Minister welcome a new inspection by the chief inspector?
Given the £400 million cost of the contract for G4S to run the prison, has he given consideration to the Prison Service stepping in to manage it, as it has done with Birmingham Prison?
The hon.
Lady made a number of points.
In terms of tackling drugs, in Parc we have X-ray body scanners and the Rapiscan system, and we have handheld devices being rolled out.
In respect of her two specific questions, any inspection is a matter for the chief inspector of prisons.
In terms of the overall performance of Parc, it is important to remember that although there are challenges, which were addressed in the urgent question yesterday, Parc is rated as performing well and its contract is performing well.
In the 2022 inspection, it got one measure of “good” and three of “reasonably good.”
There is more to do, and we will continue to work with the prison, but the contract continues to perform well.