The Conservative chaos continues.
It truly beggars belief that just weeks after the Prime Minister negotiated the Windsor framework in February last year, he promptly brought forward immigration legislation that appears to have left Northern Ireland with immigration rules that are different from those for the rest of the UK.
Concerns about the Illegal Migration Act 2023 were raised at the time by  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson) , as he has just pointed out; why did the Government choose to ignore his warnings?
I do not believe that the Minister answered the questions that the right hon.
Gentleman just put to him.
We on the Labour Benches are utterly committed to upholding both the Good Friday agreement and the Windsor framework in all their dimensions, but this Government appear to be more committed to their failing Illegal Migration Act.
Can the Minister assure the House that nothing that the Government do will in any way compromise the Good Friday agreement or the Windsor framework?
For those who are understandably struggling to keep up with the never-ending stream of immigration legislation that has been flowing from this Government, the Illegal Migration Act was the second of three Bills, all of which had one goal in mind—sending asylum seekers to Rwanda—and all of which are completely failing on their own terms.
It has been a shambles from start to finish.
Meanwhile, we on the Labour Benches are clear about the problem that we face: large numbers of desperate asylum seekers are crossing continents, exploited by criminal smuggling gangs who operate routes across the English channel, and are being met by an incompetent and clueless Conservative Government who have lost control of our borders and are addicted to headline-chasing gimmicks.
In contrast, the Labour party would never have gone down the Rwanda rabbit hole.
Instead of wasting taxpayers’ money on Rwanda, we would introduce a new border  security command, with extra resource and new powers to go after the criminal gangs.
Instead of using expensive asylum hotels, we will deliver our backlog clearance plan, and will have a new returns unit to remove people with no right to be in the UK.
I once again urge the Minister to stop flogging this dead horse of a Rwanda policy, and to instead adopt Labour’s pragmatic plan to stop the Tories’ small boats chaos and fix our broken asylum system.
Different week, same rant.
Week on week, we hear the same rant about the Opposition’s position, but they have no credible plan to stop the flow of people crossing the channel.
I simply do not accept the shadow Minister’s characterisation of the situation.
Let me be clear for him: yes, we will uphold our legal obligations—we are committed to that—but the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024 does not engage the Good Friday agreement, including the rights chapter.
Those rights seek to address long-standing, specific issues relating to Northern Ireland’s past, and do not extend to matters engaged by the Act.
I should also reiterate for him, because perhaps he missed this, that we are operationalising the Rwanda policy on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.
As for the Opposition Front Benchers’ very scant alternative for tackling illegal migration, which the shadow Minister today again proffered to the House, I can tell him that we have already doubled National Crime Agency funding for immigration and crime.
We already have thousands of officials working on this matter in the migration and borders directorate.
In practice, his policy means a migrant amnesty, and letting thousands of illegal migrants, who should not be here, stay in the UK indefinitely.
He would end the Rwanda scheme—the Leader of the Opposition has been very clear that he would end that, come what may—but it is already working and deterring people from making crossings.
The Opposition would allow tens of thousands of claims to be lodged from outside the United Kingdom, undoing all the progress we have made in addressing the asylum backlog.
They would also do a deal with the European Union—one that will not stop the boats—taking 100,000 asylum seekers every year from EU countries.
I do not think that is a credible offering to the country.
The Opposition just do not get it.
They are trying to take the public for fools.
Fortunately, we have a plan, and we are getting on and delivering on it.
We are delivering resources, and we will see our plan through.
Will my hon.
Friend indicate the extent to which the Illegal Migration Act 2023, the Windsor framework and the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020, as it relates to the sovereignty of the whole United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland, could have been worded sufficiently clearly and unambiguously to remove the grounds for this judgment, in line with the disapplication principles set out in paragraph 144 of the Supreme Court judgment on Rwanda from last November, which is extremely clear?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his contribution.
I refer him and all right hon.
and hon.
Members to the position that I have set out.
The Government are clear that the will of Parliament has been expressed on these issues.
The position is as I have set out, and we will robustly defend it.
We come to the SNP spokesperson.
The SNP welcomes the judgment from the High Court of Belfast, and thanks the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and the individual in the other case for taking this matter forward.
It is important that these awful pieces of legislation are challenged.
I note to the Minister that this judgment came from a domestic court, not the international courts that the Government seem so terribly afraid of and consistently run down.
The court found that the Illegal Migration Act 2023 was incompatible with article 2 of the Windsor framework and with the European convention on human rights; sections 2, 5 and 6 of the 2023 Act lead to a diminution of rights.
The court also found incompatibility between the 2023 Act and the Human Rights Act 1998 on the duty to remove, obligations to potential victims of modern slavery and human trafficking, and responsibilities to children and their best interests—all extremely serious matters that remain of concern.
As  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  said, all this was entirely predictable.
The Government were warned about the implications for the Good Friday agreement throughout proceedings on the Illegal Migration Act and the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
Can the Minister say why his Government failed to heed the warnings and expert advice?
Why did they ignore the status of Northern Ireland, and what now for the applicability of the Rwanda Act in Northern Ireland?
My fellow Scottish MPs and I are disturbed by the fact that our constituents, neighbours and friends are not even afforded the same rights as those in Northern Ireland.
What are the implications of that decision for the Union?
Human rights should be for all of us.
I can probably answer that question fairly rapidly.
We fully understand the position of the Scottish National party, which has been consistently expressed during the passage of the various pieces of legislation.
The SNP does not support the Government in our efforts to tackle illegal migration head-on.
The position is as I have described; I will not give a running commentary on ongoing litigation, but we are determined to appeal this judgment.
We are taking legal advice, and as I have said, I can be very clear that the judgment changes nothing about our operational plans to send illegal migrants to Rwanda this July, or the lawfulness of our Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
Concerns have been expressed about migrants flocking to Northern Ireland to avoid deportation to Rwanda, but there is absolutely no benefit whatsoever to doing so.
We are operationalising this policy on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.