This week the chief inspector of prisons found that, at HMP Lewes, the Government’s early release scheme is undermining safety and risk management.
In one case, a high-risk prisoner was released early despite being a risk to children, having a history of stalking and domestic abuse, and being subject to a restraining order.
Is this the Secretary of State’s idea of putting public safety first?
I read that report with care and will be looking very carefully at that specific case.
It is important to read precisely what the chief inspector said.
He said that that was an incident right at the beginning of the process, and he expected that things would bed down as we move on.
The critical point is that under the Government’s scheme, if there is a concern about an individual who is proposed to be eligible, the governor can impose a veto, which gets the decision escalated  to a panel.
That is an important safeguard, and it was not present under the Labour scheme, as the hon.
Lady well knows.
Report after report; failure after failure.
At Parc Prison, nine people have died in just two months.
At Bedford, cells were flooded with raw sewage.
At Wandsworth, a suspected terrorist escaped last year, the prison is still not secure and the governor has resigned.
She has taken responsibility.
When will the Secretary of State?
The hon.
Lady is right to say there are prisons where the standards are not where we want them to be.
There are something like 120 prisons in the estate, and we are the party that created the urgent notification system so that these matters can be drawn to the attention of the Government, but I will make the following point.
There are prisons that have failed in the past, and we have turned them around.
Take HMP Liverpool, which I went to.
My hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , who is Chair of the Justice Committee, will remember that in 2017 there was a scathing report about the prison, which has been turned around.
It is safe, decent and rehabilitative, and prisoners are doing excellent work.
Or take HMP Chelmsford, which had a UN and has been turned around.
We take this issue incredibly seriously, and we are the party that is investing record amounts in our estate.
In government, Labour boasted that it would bring in three Titan prisons, but it brought in one.
Order.
Secretary of State, this is topicals.
I have to get your colleagues in, and I am sure you would not want them to miss out.
A number of my constituents in Chipping Barnet tell me that they continue to have problems with delays in getting court judgments implemented by bailiffs.
Will   the Secretary of State do everything he can to tackle delays in the courts and bailiff system, especially for possession proceedings, where there continue to be real problems, causing delays and costs?