I refer my right hon.
and learned Friend to what I have said about our determination to appeal the judgment.
As she knows from real experience, immigration is a reserved matter and policy should be applied consistently across the UK, as we have done consistently to date.
The European convention on human rights is not just a key part of the UK’s unwritten constitution, but fundamental to the Good Friday agreement.
That is where the commitment to the vindication of rights flows from.
Yes, Brexit and the provisions that have followed have underpinned those rights and have allowed for the pursuance of a remedy.
Perhaps those who championed the Brexit project might step through the consequences of their actions better in future.
I am glad that our region has additional protection, but the ruling is very clear: the Illegal Migration Act 2023 is not compatible with human rights, and the declaration of incompatibility has implications in all jurisdictions.
Is it not time that the Government developed an actual strategy that focused on safe routes, targeting people-smuggling gangs and investing in efficient processing?
Is it not time we had an actual plan, instead of this £400 million performance of cruelty?
I profoundly disagree with the hon.
Lady’s stance on Brexit, and I respectfully disagree with her interpretation and characterisation of the situation that we are discussing.
We have seen over half a million people come to this country via safe and legal routes since 2015.
We can all be enormously proud of that as a country, but there is a moral imperative to shut down the evil criminal gangs that are responsible for taking people’s money and bringing them across the channel in unseaworthy vessels, with no regard whatsoever for human life—for whether those people arrive safely.
We will do everything necessary within our power to put those evil criminal gangs out of business.
To date, we have made progress through the plan that has been delivered, but this is the important next step in rendering the business model redundant.
I urge the hon.
Lady to rethink her position.
It is not good enough to say, “It’s all too difficult,” and just allow unlimited numbers of people to make those very dangerous crossings, without having an alternative country to relocate people to when there is no prospect of removing them to their country of origin.
We voted in a referendum to end the rule of EU law throughout the United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland.
Given the muddle that the courts are creating, is not the only way out of this an urgent, short piece of legislation that asserts beyond doubt that we control our own borders?
The Government believe that we have a legal basis for this.
I recognise my right hon.
Friend’s determination for us to get on and deliver on the Rwanda policy.
That is precisely what we are doing, on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act at this stage, but when it comes to the IMA, we believe that we have a strong legal basis, and that is why we are appealing the judgment.
Across the United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland, there are 90,000 of our fellow human beings who have arrived in the UK since March last year and are in limbo—their claims are not even being triaged—while they await a third country to take them.
The Government know that most of these folks will turn out to be genuine refugees if their cases are ever assessed.
They are nevertheless sat rotting at the taxpayer’s expense, vulnerable to exploitation and unable to move on.
Even this Government admit that the majority will never go to Rwanda, so what is the Government’s plan for those 90,000 souls?
We are clearly committed to commencing the Illegal Migration Act as soon as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman will know about the work that has gone on in the Home Office over the last year or so that has dramatically improved asylum decision-making productivity—all efforts that would be out of the window, were those on the Opposition Front Bench to form a Government.
We will take appropriate decisions on individual cohorts; I will not get into that on the Floor of the House today— That’s your job!
The hon.
Gentleman keeps chuntering from a sedentary position, but the fact is that we take appropriate cohort-related decisions.
The message must be very clear that people should not be coming to the United Kingdom via perilous journeys on small boats.
That is not an acceptable position to be advocating.
We will not advocate that position, and will continue to take steps to address it.
The message should go out very clearly to anyone thinking of getting in a small boat: don’t do it.
Many in Northern Ireland will want to understand the practical implications of this court case.
If, as some expect, it means that Northern Ireland has become a more attractive place for someone who has arrived in Britain on a small boat, what are the Government doing to investigate, plan for and manage that, and to ensure that it does not have cost implications for the Northern Ireland Executive or local authorities in Northern Ireland?
What I can say to my right hon.
Friend, who, of course, takes a real interest in all matters Northern Ireland, is that we are operationalising the Rwanda policy on a UK-wide basis.
The legal foundation for that is the Nationality and Borders Act.
As I said earlier, there is no benefit to anybody who thinks that going to Northern Ireland will lead to their not being in scope for relocation to Rwanda.
That is not the case.
The position is clear, and we are getting on and operationalising the policy using the legal footing that is already available to us.
The Government can make as many appeals, promises from the Dispatch Box, and agreements about safeguarding the Union as they want, but the fact remains that because of the pathetic handover of Northern Ireland to the European Union, EU law now extends to and must be applied in Northern Ireland, as the judge made clear yesterday.
The result is that we have another hole in the Government’s immigration policy—a national immigration policy now  dictated by the EU.
Northern Ireland will become a back door in the United Kingdom, and that will hasten the day when we have people controls, as well as goods controls, between Northern Ireland and GB.
Does the Minister recognise that unless we remove the source of the problem—namely, the commitments in the withdrawal agreement—it will continue?
There is no merit whatsoever in the suggestion that the UK would hand Northern Ireland over to the European Union.
On the matter that we are debating today, the judgment changes nothing about our operational plans to send illegal migrants to Rwanda this July or about the lawfulness of our Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
We continue to work to get regular flights off to Rwanda in the coming weeks, and nothing will distract us from that or from delivering to the timetable that I set out.
We must start the flights to stop the boats.
I have been consistently clear that the commitments in the Belfast/Good Friday agreement should be interpreted as they were always intended, and not expanded to cover issues such as illegal migration.
We will take all steps to defend that position, including through appeal—those are the words of the Prime Minister.
As I say, we are operationalising the Rwanda policy on a UK-wide basis, and we will see through the commitments that we have made.
On the Windsor framework, we told you so.
On the judgment itself, legally, all roads lead not to Rome but, in this case, to Strasbourg and the European convention on human rights.
The convention was drafted for perfectly honourable reasons in the aftermath of the horror of the second world war, but that was over 70 years ago.
It has now clearly been overtaken by events and international migration flows.
Has not the time now come for a Conservative Government to include in our election manifesto a clear commitment to seeking to negotiate that convention with our European partners, and, should those negotiations fail, to leave it?
If we are not prepared to walk away, they will never take us seriously.
I refer my right hon.
Friend to the Government’s stance on the legal position in relation to the Illegal Migration Act.
I would also say that for illegal migrants, all roads lead to Rwanda, and for the people smugglers responsible for that evil criminality, all roads lead to prison.
I strongly welcome the logical and inevitable judgment from the High Court of Northern Ireland.
If the Government want to have a national immigration policy, they must repeal the Illegal Migration Act, repeal the Safety of Rwanda Act, and have a human-rights compliant policy.
Back in 1998, the Governments of the UK and Ireland made the solemn pledge to the people of Northern Ireland that the rights of everyone residing in the community would be protected.
Can the Minister give a cast-iron assurance that under no circumstances will article 2 of the Windsor framework, or the Good Friday agreement, be unpicked in the pursuit of this rabbit hole of a Rwanda plan?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the position that I have set out in relation to the Good Friday agreement.
I will not give a running commentary  about the litigation, which is, as he will appreciate, ongoing.
I absolutely and definitively disagree with him on the utility or sense in repealing the various pieces of illegal migration legislation that he is so vehemently against.
I respectfully disagree with him on that.
That legislation is helping us to make the progress that we need to put those criminal gangs out of business and ultimately save lives in the channel.
I do not think that there is anything more serious for a Government than that.
We place it front and centre in the work that we are doing.
It is clear to me that Northern Ireland has just as much right as anywhere else in the UK to have a deterrent to illegal migration, so aspects of this concern me.
A few weeks ago, the Irish Government were saying that they should be able to return some illegal migrants who may have gone from the UK to the Republic of Ireland.
Does the Minister think that the Irish Government would be better off taking that up with France?
If the French took the return of illegal migrants who have entered our country, we would probably not have this problem in the first place.
As I said from the Dispatch Box last week, the position is very clear: we are not willing to have that relationship with the Irish Government and take the return of illegal migrants.
That would need to be progressed at an EU level.
We think that the European Union should take back those illegal migrants.
I think that goes to the heart of the point that my hon.
Friend has made.
Thus far, the Minister has not taken the opportunity to respond to the query from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  about why the Government declined the offer made from the DUP Benches, which would have avoided the judgment that we have heard about.
Will he do so now?
He has indicated that the Government plan to appeal, but if the appeal fails, what then?
I do not think it wise to speculate on hypothetical situations.
We are determined that there is a strong legislative basis, and we will defend it through the appeal.
As for debates that have been and gone, the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that I was not the Minister at that time, but it is fair to say that the record will speak for itself on the debates that were had.
We need only look at the situation in Dublin to see what happens when illegal migration becomes an issue and is not handled correctly, and to understand the strength of pursuing our Rwanda policy.
Although that policy is being dismissed by some, it is interesting that, as I am sure the Minister has noticed, others across Europe are starting to look to it for a solution to this question.
The question, “If not Rwanda, where do you want to remove people to?” has never been answered by Labour.
In the light of the judgment, can the Minister reassure me on a couple of points?
First, will the UK remain the UK border in terms of migration policy, so that there is no prospect of having any form of checks on people between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, which would effectively mean a border within the United  Kingdom?
Secondly, will the operation of the Rwanda plan be based on, as he said, the Nationality and Borders Act and on the recently passed legislation—the one-stop shop and the child age assessments—which were vital in getting a grip on this issue?
Is the plan being taken forward on that basis rather than on the basis of the Illegal Migration Act, which was the core point from this judgment?
My hon.
Friend always speaks with authority when it comes to these issues, and he has extensive experience, having been a Minister in the Home Office.
I can absolutely say that we will continue to apply migration policy on a UK-wide basis; the UK border will remain that.
He is right to highlight the Nationality and Borders Act, and he should be proud of the efforts that he took forward in Government to help deliver it.
Labour Members consistently opposed it.
In answer to his question about where Labour would send people, which I know he asked a few weeks ago, we are still none the wiser.
The truth is that the basis upon which we are able to advance the policy at this stage is the Nationality and Borders Act.
He can be confident in that basis.
We are getting on and delivering on it.
Of course, this judgment has UK-wide relevance because of the declarations of incompatibility under the Human Rights Act.
In our reports on the Illegal Migration Act and the Rwanda policy, the Joint Committee on Human Rights has repeatedly warned that many aspects of the Government’s asylum policy breach the Human Rights Act.
That was not just our view, but the weight of the expert evidence that we heard; in fact, those with legal expertise who disagreed with our findings were decidedly thin on the ground.
This judgment vindicates our position that on a number of fronts, the Government’s asylum policy breaches the Human Rights Act, particularly as regards the duty to remove.
As such, will the Minister confirm that the Government will respect the rule of law and not take any steps to deport anyone under the Rwanda scheme until the relevant avenues of appeal in this case are exhausted and it is clarified that such removals would be lawful?