Almost two thirds of children on remand in youth detention do not go on to receive a custodial sentence, and 17% are acquitted, meaning that they were freed from a criminal charge altogether.
It costs between £129,000 and £306,000 per year to keep just one child on remand in youth custody.
Does the Minister view that as the best use of public money, or does he feel that it could be managed in a more efficient and effective way with an alternative remand provision?
In 2010, the total number of children in custody was over 3,000; that figure is now around 500, so there has been a significant reduction.
The decision of whether to remand is a matter for the judges.
They can remand in custody only if there are substantial grounds for believing that, if released on bail, the child will commit further offences or indeed fail to surrender.
We are also investing millions of pounds in Greater Manchester, for example, to see whether there are other options in remanding children into local authority accommodation and not necessarily into custody.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure public confidence in the support provided to victims throughout the criminal justice process.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure public confidence in the support provided to victims throughout the criminal justice process.
With the Victims and Prisoners Bill, we are putting the victims code on a statutory footing.
It includes a right for any victim of crime to be signposted by the police to correct and appropriate support services.
We have quadrupled victims funding since we took office in 2010 to over £150 million a year, and have recruited almost 1,000 independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers into the criminal justice system.
In addition, we provide a range of freephone support lines, including a 24/7 hotline for rape.
Rapists, domestic abusers and stalkers cannot be convicted if trials are not going ahead, and victims are dropping out after being made to wait years for justice.
Where is the Government’s plan to tackle the record court backlog, which is making victims wait years for justice?
We are doing a huge amount to drive down the backlog, which was principally a result of the pandemic.
We have increased the fees for both solicitors and barristers by 15%; we have kept open more than 20 Nightingale courts; and we are doing everything within our power to drive down waiting times.
Bearing in mind that Harrow Crown court is not set to reopen for another year because of Ministers’ failure to invest in its repairs early enough, what confidence can victims of crime in Harrow have that Ministers are going to get those who are accused of those crimes to justice much more quickly than is currently the case?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the issue with Harrow Crown court is that reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete was discovered in that building.
We are investing more than £220 million in the court estate, because we know how much it matters, not just so that the courts are functioning, but so that the buildings convey the right sense of dignity so that people respect the process.
Harrow is just one of 350 courts in England and Wales.