What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the case backlog in the criminal and civil courts.
We remain committed to reducing the outstanding case loads across our courts in England and Wales.
To enable the courts to get through more cases, we have extended the use of 20 Nightingale   courtrooms this financial year, allocated £220 million for essential modernisation and repair work of our court buildings up to March next year, and funded unlimited sitting days, including 107,700 days during the most recent financial year, the highest level since 2016.
For anyone who has been a victim of crime, delays in getting cases into court add massively to the stress and anxiety they experience.
What would the Secretary of State say to any Member whose local magistrates court had 1,954 criminal cases waiting to be heard at the end of December 2023?
Would he say that a backlog of that scale was acceptable?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about magistrates courts.
It is true that case loads in magistrates courts, which of course deal with over 90% of crimes—common assault, criminal damage, non-residential burglary and so on—are significantly lower than they were during the pandemic.
The particular pressure is in the Crown court.
We made a decision of principle during the white heat of covid not to get rid of jury trials.
Now, I know that in Scotland the SNP Government are a little ambivalent about jury trials, but we think they are a very important part of the rights of free-born Britons.
We will hold fast to them and we will put in resources: more Nightingale courts; more judges, by raising the retirement age; and more legal aid.
We will invest in and recover the system while holding fast to our principles.
When I was a Justice Minister, I introduced virtual hearings so that cases could proceed much more effectively.
Will the Lord Chancellor kindly update the House on the progress of those hearings?
I am delighted to hear from my right hon.
Friend, who was such a distinguished Minister in this Department.
He did indeed introduce virtual hearings in our courts, and time has proved how prescient he was, because that was the right thing to do.
I welcome the recent decision by the Judicial Office to make remote hearings the default arrangement for bail applications.
In a wider context, a private Member’s Bill introduced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington South (Andy Carter) , which is currently making its way through Parliament, will amend legislation so that magistrates and judges in magistrates, county and family courts will be able to hear cases remotely when that is appropriate.
What progress he has made on implementing the recommendations of the National Audit Office report on the Government’s management of legal aid.
The National Audit Office report on the management of legal aid was a valuable piece of work, and we are considering its conclusions carefully.
The Government hugely value the work of legal aid lawyers, which is why we commissioned a review of civil legal aid to identify options for the delivery of a more effective, efficient and sustainable system for legal aid providers.
A Green Paper containing policy options is planned for July this year.
There are no providers of housing legal aid in the borough of Bedford, and the number of people living within 10 km of a provider of legal aid housing advice in England and Wales has fallen from 73% to 64% in the last decade.
Does the Secretary of State agree that whatever legal redress is provided in the Renters (Reform) and Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bills will be meaningless if there is no legal aid system to enforce those reforms?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will welcome the £10 million that is going to the Housing Loss Prevention Advisory Service, which is a revolutionary step to ensure that those who are at risk of eviction can access the legal aid they require in order to make their case.
I respectfully invite the hon.
Gentleman to come and see me so that I can discuss this with him further and he can be a voice for his constituents, signposting them to the support that is available, because it is important for them to be aware of the support that the Government are providing.
What steps he is taking to prevent domestic abuse perpetrators from using the justice system to extend control over victims.
The Government have taken significant steps to prevent domestic abusers from using the justice system to extend control over their victims.
Section 65 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 prevents them from cross-examining their victims and requires special measures to be available in court, and we have also amended prohibition orders under section 91(14) of the Children Act 1989, which can bar any individual from making a further application to court without permission when abusive partners are judged to be bringing victims back to court without reasonable purpose.
My hon.
Friend takes domestic abuse very seriously, but is she aware that perpetrators all too frequently seek to use the civil courts to perpetrate further abuse of their victims, often with the support of legal aid and often using “experts” with no relevant qualifications to make accusations of, for instance, parental alienation or child grooming?
Can she please reassure me that the Government are taking this matter seriously, to ensure that perpetrators do not continue to use our courts system to retraumatise their victims?
My right hon.
Friend asks an excellent question, but let me first remind her that this is precisely the issue at which the section 91(14) prohibition orders are directed.
Moreover, one of the changes made under the Domestic Abuse Act gave the courts themselves the power to make those orders of their own volition, rather than waiting for an application from the victim.
As for the second part of my right hon.
Friend’s question, to the extent that we are making changes to legal aid, all those changes are in favour of the victim.
We are removing illiquid and contested assets from consideration of means, all protective orders can be obtained without any assessment of means, and we are undertaking a legal aid means test review to make the test much more generous to victims.
My right hon.
Friend’s final point concerned the so-called experts who give evidence on parental alienation.
The Government do not recognise the concept of parental alienation, and do not believe that it is a syndrome capable of diagnosis.
We have responded to the Domestic Abuse Commissioner on this subject in writing.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last session of Justice questions, I have met my G7 ministerial counterparts in Italy to discuss topics ranging from preventing illegal migration to tackling organised crime.
Furthermore, we have announced a new offence—in which, incidentally, my G7 colleagues were very interested—prohibiting the creation of sexually explicit deepfakes, announced measures to remove parental responsibility from those convicted of the rape of a child, made progress with the Litigation Funding Agreements (Enforceability) Bill in the House of Lords to support access to justice for those such as the postmasters, and introduced an amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to provide further protection for victims against unnecessary disclosure of counselling notes.
I have also attended the “Unlocking Investment in Ukraine” conference, which brought together Ukrainian lawyers and eminent British jurists.
We in this country understand the importance of a strong legal sector to secure Ukraine’s future.
The British people and this Parliament are determined to ensure that once it has won the war, Ukraine wins the peace as well.
With more than 80,000 children caught up in private family law proceedings, what is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the welfare of children is protected?