There are 2,796 prisoners with indeterminate sentences for public protection languishing in our prisons, 705 of whom are 10 years over their original tariff and 112 of whom had a tariff of less than two years and are now over tariff by 15 years or more.
The MOJ’s refreshed IPP action plan clearly is not working, so what does the Secretary of State plan to do to fix this dire situation?
The total number of IPPs is slightly higher than that but, looking into the data, the really significant factor is that, whereas there were some 6,000 IPP prisoners in 2012, the number who have not been released is down to around 1,200.
Our action plan tries to address that.
Our reforms are designed to ensure that, when IPP prisoners are released, they do not face a licence period of 10 years, which can lead to them being recalled at any time.
Reducing it to three years is a humane and sensible way of trying to erase this stain on the conscience of our justice system.
Yesterday, The New Yorker published a 13,000-word inquiry into the Lucy Letby trial, which raised enormous concerns about both the logic and the competence of the statistical evidence that was a central part of the trial.
The article was blocked from publication on the UK internet, I understand because of a court order.
I am sure that court order was well intended, but it seems to me that it is in defiance of open justice.
Will the Lord Chancellor look into this matter and report back to the House?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this.
Court orders must be obeyed, and a person can apply to the court for them to be removed.
That will need to take place in the normal course of events.
On the Lucy Letby case, I simply make the point that juries’ verdicts must be respected.
If there are grounds for an appeal, that should take place in the normal way.
Taunton Deane magistrates court had 1,027 outstanding criminal cases in the first quarter of 2023, and the Justice Secretary’s own constituency, as of the end of December, had 1,954.
These delays are letting down victims, their families, witnesses and defendants, while undermining public confidence in the criminal justice  system.
How does he plan to tackle this backlog?
Will he provide those working tirelessly in our courts with adequate support and resources to carry out their duties?
We have increased capacity in the system.
We have opened 20 Nightingale courts, including Cirencester Crown court in my county of Gloucestershire.
We have increased the number of judges by 1,000.
We have put up to £141 million into legal aid.
We have raised the retirement age.
And we are ensuring there is support for victims, including through independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers, and by introducing a rape support helpline, and so on.
We are doing everything we can to support victims, to increase capacity in the system and to heal the damage caused by covid.