The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the cost of energy on disabled people.
We understand that energy bills are a concern for many people.
We believe that the only way to protect bill payers permanently, including disabled people, is to accelerate the green transition to home-grown clean energy.
We continue to work closely with energy suppliers to ensure that vulnerable customers are supported.
In my constituency of Carshalton and Wallington, Scope research estimates that disabled households face bills of up to £1,500 a month more than the average household.
We also know that disabled households are much less likely to claim the benefits that they are entitled to.
Has the Government Equalities Office made any assessment of the potential disproportion-ate impact on disabled households of cutting the winter fuel allowance?
Equality analysis was released in September, and the Government carried out our statutory duties in doing so, but I recognise the wider concerns that the hon.
Member raises, especially around the additional costs faced by many disabled people.
That is why the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh)  recently met suppliers to address some of these issues.
I encourage all those who need extra support to sign up to the priority services register.
Disabled people are also concerned about the use of artificial intelligence in Departments under the previous Government, including within the Department for Work and Pensions.
Given the recent United Nations report on AI governance, what discussions has the Minister  had with other colleagues across different Departments on the equity principles that will be integrated in the Government’s use of AI?
Discussions are ongoing across government, including with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
There are wider opportunities and challenges that technology presents us, and we want to ensure we get the balance right.