The Prime Minister’s decision to impose VAT on independent schools strips hard-working families of the ability to choose what is best for their children, while risking job losses for teachers, increasing class sizes and squeezing state school resources to their absolute limit.
What action is he taking to mitigate these impending threats if he is not undertaking an impact assessment to understand them?
I do understand that many parents across the country save hard to be able to send their children to private school because they have aspiration   for their children, but so does every parent who sends their children to a state school.
The problem is that we do not have enough teachers in key subjects in our state secondary schools.
The Conservative party may be prepared to tolerate that, but I am not.
That is why we have made this change to fund 6,500 teachers.
[Interruption.]
They chunter on, but they have to answer the question that none of them is answering.
If they are not going to make this change, are they going to leave our state secondaries without the teachers they need?
Or are  they going to cut the education budget by £1.5 billion?
Which is it?
Gloucester has a proud military history, from the battle of the Imjin river to RAF Quedgeley and the Glorious Glosters.
In fact, almost 10% of Gloucester households are home to a veteran, so can the Prime Minister update the House on what this Government are doing to support veterans, in particular how he will meet his promise to ensure every veteran in Gloucester has a roof over  their head?
We owe an enormous debt to all our veterans.
It was a great honour to announce at our party conference that our plans to build new homes across the country will ensure that homeless veterans are at the front of the queue for new social housing, recognising their incredible sacrifice and contribution.
We will repay all those who served us and house all veterans in housing need, ensuring homes are there for heroes.
We are also ensuring veterans have access to support, including with mental health and employment.
Special educational needs budgets in North Yorkshire and across the UK are under huge pressure.
As they prepare for the Budget, will the Prime Minister and the Chancellor look carefully at how increased funding and changes to the funding formula could make a massive difference to the lives of thousands of children across the country?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for raising this issue, which is of real concern across the country for many parents who are concerned about provision.
I agree that children with special educational needs and disabilities are being failed, with parents struggling to get their children the support they need and deserve.
We have to change that.
I am determined to raise standards for every child, so they succeed in education.
We will work with the sector, and across the House where we can, to deliver on that mission, which is very important to many parents who will be watching today.