Many of my constituents in Exeter benefit from maternity pay, which supports women while they spend precious time with their new-born children.
Is the Minister of the view that maternity pay, in the words of one Tory leadership candidate, has “gone too far”?
Absolutely not, and my hon.
Friend is right to mention the fact that that kind of assessment flies in the face of not only common sense, but all the economic evidence.
When we support women to return to work and to progress at work, while being able to spend time with their families, we grow our economy—something that this Government are determined to do.
Across Aldridge-Brownhills, we have some fabulous girls’ football teams and the excellent Walsall Wood ladies football club at Oak Park active living centre, no doubt inspired by the Lionesses.
The last Government committed funding to support women’s and girls’ football.
Can the Minister confirm that that funding will continue?
I assure the right hon.
Lady that we are absolutely determined to encourage our women and girls to take part in sport and physical activity—something that falls off all too often as girls reach their  teenage years.
In my work in the Department for Education, through the curriculum and assessment review, we are looking at what more schools can do, and going beyond that, we are working with sporting bodies to deliver more.
Accessible transport is a major challenge for my constituents, especially accessing rail stations on the Tyne valley railway line.
Will the Minister work with the Department for Transport to ensure that Great British Railways puts disabled access at the heart of its plans?
Yes, we will.
Accessibility is at the heart of the Government’s passenger-focused approach, and with a unified rail network, we will be able to meet accessibility needs more reliably and consistently and plan how best to improve accessibility across the entire network.
The Government have made a number of commitments on the implementation of the Cass review.
Will they commit themselves to ensuring that trans people do have access to the healthcare that they need, and to ensuring that waiting lists are brought down as soon as possible?
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to the very long waiting lists currently experienced by many people.
I know that the Health Secretary is focusing on the issue, as well as on LGBT health more broadly—indeed, on health for everyone—as part of our mission to get the NHS off the floor and off its knees and working for everyone in the country.