The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 9 October.
Earlier this week, the House marked the first anniversary of the horrific attacks on  7 October , and I take this opportunity to reiterate that the hostages must be released.
I also reiterate our call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and Lebanon.
This week, the Government will deliver on our promise to the British people of the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
The employment rights Bill will ensure that work pays; it will forge a new partnership with business, and reset the dreadful industrial relations that have cost our economy and our national health service so much in recent years.
We are also preparing for the international investment summit next week, which will bring hundreds of global chief executive officers to the United Kingdom and unlock billions of pounds of investment.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The commitment of £400 million for a new hospital at Watford General was one of the many brilliant things that the last Conservative Government did, along with my good friend Dean Russell, the former Member of Parliament for Watford.
It would have been life-changing as well as lifesaving for so many of my constituents.
Why is the Prime Minister cancelling that funding commitment, and spending billions of pounds on giving pay rises to train drivers instead?
Because the promise of 40 new hospitals did not involve 40 and did not involve hospitals, they were not new, and they were not funded.
One of the biggest issues in my constituency is poor access to GP services.
Our GP satisfaction rate is 15% below the national average.
I thank the Government for their focus on improving the situation.
What are they doing to ensure that everyone in West Bromwich can actually see their GP?
The most visible sign of the failure of the last Government was the NHS.
We are going to expand the role of community pharmacies and accelerate the roll-out of independent prescribers.
We need much more care to be delivered in local communities so that problems can be spotted earlier, and we will train thousands more GPs.
We were elected to change the country, and that means getting the NHS back on its feet.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will have much more to say about that in the Budget—about fixing the foundations of our economy so that we can put money in people’s pockets, fix our public services and rebuild Britain.