Tomorrow, the Government will publish their anticipated changes to employment law.
Given the weekend’s events, when did the Prime Minister first become a convert to fire and rehire?
I am very pleased and proud that tomorrow we will publish the Bill that will mean the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
That will do two things: first it will give people basic dignity at work, and secondly it will help to grow our economy—something on which the last Government absolutely failed for 14 long years.
When the Prime Minister talks about security at work, once again it is one rule for him and another rule for everyone else.
I know that not everything or everyone has survived his first 100 days in government, so can he confirm that when he promised not to raise income tax, national insurance or VAT, that commitment applies to both employer and employee national insurance contributions?
As the right hon.
Gentleman well knows, I am not going to get drawn on decisions that will be set out.
We made an absolute commitment to not raise tax on working people.
He, of course, was  the expert’s expert on raising taxes, and what did we get in return for it?
We got a broken economy, broken public services and a £22 billion black hole in the economy.
We are here to stabilise the economy, and we will do so.
I don’t think that even Lord Alli is buying any of that nonsense.
I am not asking about the Budget; I am asking specifically about the promise that the Prime Minister made to the British people.
So let me ask him again just to clarify his own promise: does his commitment not to raise national insurance apply to both employee and employer national insurance contributions?
We set out our promises in our manifesto.
We were returned with a huge majority to change the country for the better, and I stick to my promises in the manifesto.
But I notice that the right hon.
Gentleman is on question three, and he has not yet welcomed the investment into this country.
We have had in recent months £8 billion from Amazon for jobs across the country, £10 billion from Blackstone for jobs across the north-east, £22 billion on carbon capture for jobs in the north-east and north-west, and £500 million for UK buses in Northern Ireland.
While we are investing in our economy, what are Conservative Members doing?
They are arguing about whether to scrap maternity pay.
I am very happy to welcome investments that my Government negotiated, but when it comes to the Prime Minister’s answer on tax, businesses across the country would have found his answer just about as reassuring as Sue Gray found it when he promised to protect her job.
It is no wonder that confidence is plummeting on his watch, which he did not mention.
Turning to another commitment, before the election his Chancellor said that changing the debt target in the fiscal rules would be tantamount to “fiddling the figures”.
Does he still agree with the Chancellor?
The right hon.
Gentleman is literally the man who was in charge of the economy.
Over 14 years, the Conservatives crashed the economy.
What did they leave?
A £22 billion black hole in the economy.
Unlike them, we will not walk past it.
We will fix it, and it is only because we are stabilising the economy that we are getting investment into this country.
I notice that he has still not really talked about that investment.
We are powering ahead with clean British energy, changing the rules to build 1.5 million homes and returning railways to public ownership, and the Conservatives have nothing to say about any of it.
On debt, we left the Government the second lowest debt in the G7.
As the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said—[Interruption.]
Order.
I will hear the Leader of the Opposition.
As the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said, it is “hard to escape the suspicion” that the Government are attracted to this change because “it would allow for significantly more borrowing”.
The Chancellor previously said that this change would be “fiddling the figures”, so I have a simple question: does the Prime Minister still agree with the Chancellor?
I see the right hon.
Gentleman is back to his old script of, “They’ve never had it so good.”
It did not work so well at the election, so it might be time to change that.
I am not going to get drawn on issues for the Budget, just as he would not when he stood at this Dispatch Box.
Meanwhile, we are investing and we are building the NHS so that it is fit for the future and back on its feet, with better opportunities for young people and protections at work.
After 14 years of Tory failure, we are giving the country its future back, and that is the difference that Labour delivers.
It is clear that the Prime Minister has opened the door to raising employer national insurance contributions, including on pensions, and fiddling the figures so that he can borrow more.
He talks about what he has achieved, but economic confidence is plummeting, growth is now stalling and the UK’s borrowing costs are rising on his watch.
Can I close on another important topic?
Yesterday’s intervention from the head of MI5 will have been sobering for the whole House, not least his warning that Britain faces the most complex and interconnected threats in our country’s history.
I know the Prime Minister will agree that our security services are owed a debt of gratitude for what they do to keep us safe, but can he confirm that the forthcoming terrorism Bill will give our security services the powers they need to tackle evolving threats?
I can assure him of our constructive support on these vital questions of national security, in the same spirit that he provided that support to me.
I can confirm that we will give the security forces and services the powers that they need, and I hope that that is a shared objective across the House.
They do an incredibly important job for us.
But the right hon.
Gentleman talks about the economy, and it is a real shame
that the Opposition cannot simply —[Interruption.]
Well, he did at the beginning of his question a moment ago.
Listen on!
It is a shame the Opposition cannot celebrate Britain’s success under this Government.
Of course we have to take tough decisions, but when investment is pouring in as it has been in recent weeks, when the NHS strikes are coming to an end, when houses are getting built and when we are delivering the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation, it is time for them to accept that we are fixing the foundations.
While they fight among themselves in the comfort zone of unfunded promises, threatening to scrap the minimum wage, we are going to get on with the job of clearing up the mess they made and creating the better country that people are crying out for.
Cancer is hard on the patient and on their family, as my family knows all too well this year.
Will the Prime Minister commit to doing all he can to improve research, early diagnosis and patient care for those with cancer?
Will he join me in thanking the NHS staff who have looked after my dad in recent weeks and the thousands of cancer patients like him in Newcastle-under-Lyme and up and down our United Kingdom?
I was sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s father, and I think we would all pass him our best wishes.
Cancer is another example of the dreadful state the last Government left the NHS in.
The Darzi report, published just a few weeks ago, showed that some cancer standards have not been met since 2015 and that no progress was made in diagnosing cancer at stage 1 and stage 2 between 2013 and 2021.
I am really pleased that we have just announced a £6.4 million research network, developing new AI software to identify cancer early.
We will get the NHS catching cancer on time, diagnosing it earlier and treating it faster.