The four city and growth deals for Northern Ireland are critical mechanisms in revitalising industries and creating new economic opportunities across key regions in Northern Ireland.
The pause in UK Government funding has caused, by the Secretary of State’s own admission, uncertainty, anxiety and lost impetus in key investment projects under the city and growth deals framework.
The Mid South West deal represents over £250 million of investment across the region.
The decision to allow projects in Belfast and Derry to proceed while pausing those in the Mid South West and Causeway regions risks reproducing the very imbalances that these deals were designed to tackle, widening inequities and inequalities across Northern Ireland.
I have had the opportunity to speak to  the hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood) , who brought to my attention the risks posed to the agri-bio innovation centre in Dromore by the Government’s withdrawal of secure funding.
Therefore, on behalf of Northern Irish businesses, councils and residents, especially those in the poorest regions, I ask the Secretary of State the following questions.
What actions are the Government taking to mitigate those regional economic imbalances and to tackle inequalities, especially in the Mid South West, and what assurances can be provided that rural areas will not be forgotten, again especially in the Mid South West and the Causeway Coast?
Order.
You are allowed one minute and you are now well over that, so I am sure you are coming to the end this very second.
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
I will end there, with thanks.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, whom I welcome to his post—this is, I think, the first time we have faced each other.
He makes a fair point about the areas covered by the two deals that have been paused, and the contrast between them and Derry and Strabane, and Belfast.
It is important that, in the end, we see economic growth right across Northern Ireland, so I do not dissent from his proposition, but the reason we are in this difficulty is the legacy that this Government have found.
Any responsible Chancellor must, in the circumstances, find a way of straightening out the public finances, which were left to us in a really bad state.
My right hon.
Friend is not the sort of person who would make this announcement unless there were huge pressure to do so, but I am aware that pausing a project, especially when people are in post, is not completely cost-free.
Will he reassure the House and people in Northern Ireland that there will be some way of maintaining a degree of momentum on the projects that have been paused?
If he could give us any costings on that, it would be helpful.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The House may have seen that yesterday, the Northern Ireland Executive—whose funding is secure because of the deal that was offered, including the financial deal that was part of the restoration of the institution, which the whole House welcomes—announced that they are proceeding with their share of the contribution, which I hope will offer some comfort to those in the two city deal areas who are working out what this means.
It is important that clarity on the future is delivered as quickly as possible, which is why I set out that we will learn more on  30 October .
May I speak up for the city deals, which have been subject to a significant amount of work in communities across Northern Ireland?
The city deals were reviewed earlier in the year under the previous Government, at the time of the “Safeguarding the Union” agreement, and the decisions made then were part of that deal.
The Secretary of State is making representations on the deals, but I urge him to bear in mind that this was discussed earlier in the year and was part of the overall agreement made to get Stormont back up and running.
I absolutely take the right hon.
Gentleman’s point, given his long experience in these matters and the role that he and others have played in assisting with the restoration of the institution, but I would very gently observe that if the matter was reviewed then, what was decided did not quite make its way into the fiscal inheritance that we have found ourselves left with.
That fiscal inheritance—rather than a lack of support for the deals; I think the whole House supports them—is the cause of the problem.
City deals are a serious tool for economic growth.
That is why the Social Democratic and Labour party initially proposed them, and why we continue to be their champion.
They support skills and employability, create decent jobs and, crucially, leverage private and foreign direct investment, driving much-needed regeneration in infrastructure in parts of Northern Ireland that have been overlooked.
I am pleased that the Government are honouring their commitments to Belfast and Derry, but they should know that the decision, and its announcement on a Friday night, caused very serious frustration and a loss of public trust in Northern Ireland—although the Tories still have a thing or two to teach about uniting the parties in revulsion at announcements.
Will the Secretary of State clarify the reasons for the pause in the Causeway Coast and Glens and Mid South West region deals, and can he assure us that he will be a champion for the deals with the Treasury?
I will indeed be that champion.
May I take this opportunity to congratulate my hon.
Friend on assuming the leadership of her party?
We all wish her well in that endeavour.
I also express our appreciation of the former leader of the SDLP, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Foyle (Colum Eastwood) , who is sat next to her.
Let us be frank: the truth is that when bad news is forced on the Government, it is unwelcome, whenever it is announced.