The Secretary of State has talked about Northern Ireland being part of economic growth.
In the Causeway Coast and Glens case, much of the investment will be for economic growth, whether that is the development of food and drugs at the University of Ulster, the innovation hub at North West Regional College, or the innovation hub in Cushendall.
By not having those schemes in place, the Secretary of State is going to affect economic growth, so can he explain the logic of the decision he has made?
In fairness to myself, I have pointed out that these two schemes are not as far advanced as the Belfast and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deals, because one of them only recently signed its heads of terms and the other has yet to do so.
From memory, the time it took for the Belfast and the Derry and Strabane deals to get from heads of terms to full financial deal signing was between two and a half and three and a half years.
So there is some way to go based on past experience, precisely because a great deal of work has to be done in partnership with the private sector, the Northern Ireland Executive, local businesses and the councils to put the shape of the deals in place.
The right hon.
Member makes a powerful argument for clarity as quickly as possible.
Could I suggest that the Causeway deal was particularly well thought out and balanced in its proposition?
It is therefore very disappointing to see it paused, particularly for the small but vital village of Bushmills, which services the vast number of visitors who come to the Giant’s Causeway.
For years, there has been a neglect of infrastructure there.
Roads have been clogged with cars because there is not adequate parking in and about Bushmills.
This project was going to address that, as well as community rejuvenation  in the village.
Therefore, there is an immense sense of disappointment in Bushmills in my constituency at the lost opportunity.
Will the Secretary of State, bearing in mind the strategic significance of Bushmills to the advancement of the great Giant’s Causeway project, make a particular case for the reinstatement of the Causeway project?
The hon.
Gentleman speaks up very strongly on behalf of Bushmills and the Giant’s Causeway area.
I know that all other Members representing  constituencies affected by the decision the Treasury has had to take will be doing exactly the same.
I think all the projects are important, but he makes the case very powerfully.
I have two requests of the Secretary of State.
First, would he put together and compile information on the investments that have been made to date, perhaps in conjunction with Sue Gray in her new role as envoy, or otherwise?
Secondly, will he ensure that we get clarity on  30 October , one way or the other, as to whether these deals can go ahead, so that we do not have so many local authorities, private businesses and others who have invested in these programmes left in continuing limbo after that date?