My constituents are anxious about the financial situation at Durham county council.
The Tories’ unfair funding formula has hollowed out essential public services such as social care, while demand has been increasing.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give me that essential services will be restored and that a new funding formula will be genuinely fair, focusing on the needs of my constituents, especially the most vulnerable?
My hon.
Friend highlights yet another failing of the last Government.
Successive years of underfunding have left councils experiencing significant budget pressures, and that is felt by constituents, residents   and individuals across the country.
This Government will clear up the mess and get councils back on their feet.
Multi-year funding settlements will partly help to allow longer-term work to be done.
But we recognise the importance of councils, which know their communities best.
With greater stability, we can support them in ensuring that the services that they provide get to the people who need them.
In April, more than 50 homes and businesses in Gosport found themselves underwater when Storm Pierrick hit; some people have still not been able to return to their properties.
This has now been upgraded to a one-in-20-year risk.
We have still not had a decision from the Environment Agency about flood and coastal erosion risk management funding, for which we have applied.
Despite requests, I have still been unable to secure a meeting with the Prime Minister’s DEFRA team.
Winter is coming and my constituents are worried.
When is he going to grip this?
This is a really important issue in terms—[Interruption.]
Look, we are not going to take lessons from the Conservative party.
Year after year, we visited constituencies and areas that were flooded because there had been a failure to take adequate protection.
What I said in the election campaign was that we would set up a flood resilience taskforce to get ahead of the issue.
We will do that, and I will ensure that the hon.
Lady can get such further information as she needs.
October is Black History Month, and the theme this year is “Reclaiming Narratives”.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for the event that you are putting on in your apartments with The Temptations, and the Prime Minister—[Laughter.]
The Temptations tribute band.
The Prime Minister will be having an event at No.10 this evening.
Does he agree that it is important that we continue to have a debate on the Floor of the House in Government time on Black History Month?
I am not sure that something labelled “Temptations” is quite where I need to go at the moment—[Laughter.]
But this is a really important initiative.
It is important that it is being marked and I am very pleased to be hosting the event this evening, to which I think my hon.
Friend is coming.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on the Northern Ireland city deals.
As the Chancellor set out in July, the Government have inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
As a result, the Treasury is having to consider a range of measures to deal with this significant problem.
Last month, the Treasury informed the Northern Ireland Department of Finance that the UK Government’s contributions to the Mid South West deal and the Causeway Coast and Glens deal would now be considered as part of the spending review.
The Belfast regional city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal are unaffected and proceeding as planned.
Since the announcement of the pause on those two deals, I have met with the First Minister, the Deputy First Minister, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and the Northern Ireland Finance Minister.
I will also be meeting the chief executives of those two deals shortly.
Everyone in Northern Ireland understands the importance of the city deals to economic growth and encouraging investment, and this Government are committed to working with the Northern Ireland Executive and businesses to make the most of the huge economic opportunities that now lie ahead.
That is shown by the progress being made on the Belfast region city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal.
I attended the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal signing on  18 September .
The UK Government’s £105 million investment will help to progress transformative innovation, digital and health projects, which will build on the region’s well-established research excellence.
The Chancellor will set out the results of the first phase of the spending review on  30 October , which will include an update on the two outstanding city deals.