The Secretary of State will know that city deals were talked of for a long time, but it was in 2017 that the Democratic Unionist party got a commitment from Government—a commitment that would not just impact us but be of benefit to everyone in Northern Ireland, creating opportunities for growth in cities and regions throughout Northern Ireland in a phased, programmed, sensible and strategic way.
The decision to pause both the Causeway Coast and Glens and the Mid South West region deals was unnecessary, and I think the Secretary of State accepts that.
Given that no arrangements were in place to agree the necessary financial requirements, there was no need to pause the deals because of a lack of finance.
As I think the Secretary of State acknowledges, this decision places in jeopardy the matched funding from private investors, as well as the ability to proceed with the food and drug development centre in Coleraine, the Enniskillen bypass, and myriad other important and strategically significant proposals.
As we wait until  30 October , it would inject confidence if this Government were to say that they recognise the importance and value of city deals; are determined to deliver on these aspirations, which will be key regional economic drivers in Northern Ireland; and recognise, as I think the Secretary of State does, that pausing these proposals was foolish.
I do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman’s last proposition.
As I have already indicated to the House, given the fiscal inheritance, the prudent thing is for the Government to say, “We need to look at a range of things in the round.”
I entirely recognise that this decision is unwelcome to many people.
The best thing we can do is give certainty as quickly as possible, which would assist, but I entirely understand the practical difficulties that this decision creates in the meantime.
I will learn more about that when I meet the chief executives of the deal areas.
The House is united, though, on our shared desire to maximise economic growth in Northern Ireland.
This week, we have had a really good example of that with the announcement of the very significant order that has gone to Wrightbus.
This is a company that nearly went bust; then investment came in, and it is now helping to deliver the bus transportation of the future from a factory that I and many other Members have had the chance to visit.
There are a lot of good things happening in Northern Ireland, and we need to build on them.
What representations has the Secretary of State made to the Treasury about the continuation of these two city deals?
As I am sure my hon.
Friend understands, anyone holding my office, including me, will argue the corner of Northern Ireland.
I will continue to do so.
As the Secretary of State who secured funding from the Treasury for the first two deals—the Belfast city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane deal—I am very pleased that they are going ahead, but I have concerns, because I remember the impact that that announcement had on business confidence across Northern Ireland.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with businesses involved in the private sector element of these deals, to make sure they know that there is a commitment to them?
The right hon.
Member is very generous and kind to me, but I cannot claim credit for the Belfast city deal—it was unaffected by the announcement that the Treasury made—and the signing of the full financial deal for the Derry and Strabane city deal was scheduled anyway.
After clarification, that deal is going ahead, but when I meet the chief executives shortly, I hope to learn more about the point she raised about the practical impact.
It is important that we understand the impact; that will inform the representations that are made.
It seems to me that these questions would be better directed at the Treasury, because that is where the decision was made.
I thank the Secretary of State for the work he did over the weekend after the 17th to secure the much-needed Derry city deal.
He has said that there will be an update in the Budget about the other two deals that have been paused.
Can he confirm whether that will be an update or a decision?
Although my hon.
Friend encourages me to, I will not speak for the Chancellor.
She will tell us what is in the Budget when she stands up on  30 October .