I cannot reiterate any more strongly than I have that this Government are absolutely committed to implementing the Cass review’s evidence-based recommendations in full.
What steps she is taking to support women in the workplace.
As part of our mission to make work pay, we will provide protections from maternity discrimination and sexual harassment.
We will speed up progress on the gender pay gap and strengthen equal pay protections.
The steps we will take will enable women everywhere to thrive and transform their working lives for the better.
Does the Minister agree that, unlike some of the incredibly worrying comments we have heard from Opposition leadership contenders this week, in order to grow our economy we need to create the conditions to encourage and support more women back into the workplace?
I strongly agree.
Supporting women to return and to progress at work is a crucial part of securing economic growth.
It was very surprising that that was even in doubt.
This Labour Government are on the side of new mothers, which is why our plan to make work pay commits to strengthening their workplace  protections, improving access to flexible working and creating the conditions for all parents to balance work and care.
Four women have been brutally killed in the past six weeks in Northern Ireland, bringing the total to 24 since 2020.
Many of these young women were professional women working and contributing to society.
Does the Minister agree that we need to do more than just pay lip service to supporting women, whether in the home or in the workplace, to punish these perpetrators?
I absolutely agree.
It is extremely concerning whenever we hear of what happens to women in the home, in the workplace or on the streets.
Women deserve to be safe, as do girls.
That is why this Government are acting at pace to ensure that, for example, we have domestic abuse specialists in emergency rooms and specialist rape crisis centres.
We are working across the whole of the United Kingdom on these shared concerns for the sake of women and girls.
Today marks the start of Baby Loss Awareness Week.
It is a difficult but important time for many of our constituents and those of us who have experienced baby loss or miscarriage.
Many private sector employers, and now the NHS—the largest public sector employer of women—have led the way in offering paid bereavement leave for those who miscarry.
Does the Minister agree that all workers could and should benefit from the right to bereavement leave following baby loss?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that question, and I congratulate her on her election as Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
She has campaigned for many months—indeed, years—on the issue of baby loss, as have other Members across the House.
I am very pleased to see that progress among some major employers, and I know that she will want to work with us on ensuring that those who experience baby loss are supported and protected, particularly at the most difficult times.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Black History Month, I would like to reiterate that people’s race or ethnicity should never be a barrier to opportunity.
We are enhancing rights through upcoming legislation on race and disability, equality, employment rights and banning conversion practices.
To deliver that important work, we are reforming the Equality Hub to create the office for equality and opportunity in the Cabinet Office.
There is much to do, working within and beyond Government, to create opportunity and promote equality across the UK.
We have had some progress since the Government were elected on issues relating to black and minority ethnic women and domestic violence.
However, Valerie Forde, who was my constituent, was  brutally murdered by her partner, and Valerie’s law— named for her and campaigned for by her daughter and the charity Sistah Space in my constituency—has not yet hit the statute book.
Will the Minister reconsider and examine the support needed for women because of their ethnic, and racial or cultural background?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all the campaigning work that she has done in this crucial area in the face of the tragic loss of Valerie Forde.
We must do everything we can to ensure that all victims of violence against women and girls receive the support that they need.
I will make arrangements for her to discuss further with a Home Office Minister what more we need to do, particularly around police training and standards.