Further to the question that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  asked, DWP statistics show that 45% of people over the state pension age have a disability.
As we have already heard, they can face hugely inflated energy costs because of the need for equipment such as stair lifts, extra fridges or oxygen tanks, all of which demand electricity.
In the discussions that the Minister has outlined, have the Government given any consideration to the introduction of a social tariff to help mitigate the extra costs that disabled people face in this country?
The hon.
Lady will recognise the difficult state of the public finances that we inherited and the tough choices that were necessary to stabilise our economy.
Those decisions were not easy.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Energy Consumers is leading on much of this work to ensure we secure a fairer deal for all consumers, because we want to ensure that all support is targeted at the most vulnerable groups who need support this winter.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on violence against women and girls.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
My colleagues and I are working closely together to tackle the national emergency of violence against women and girls and to deliver our mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We have begun our work to make streets, homes and workplaces safer for women by announcing that domestic abuse specialists will be placed in emergency control rooms and that adult victims of rape in England and Wales will get access to free legal advocates.
I, like many mothers, had to bring up my daughters to be cautious of men and their motives, language and behaviour.
Sadly, many of our daughters still have to learn the hard way, with one of mine taking years to recover from the assault she experienced as a schoolchild.
Misogynistic attitudes and behaviours are often learned, tolerated and reinforced while in school.
In recent times, social media influencers are driving that, embedding women hatred into our culture.
How are the Government tackling this rising challenge in schools, and will that be embedded into the curriculum across all ages?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that misogyny must be tackled, and I know the whole House will want to say how deeply concerned we are to hear about her daughter’s experience.
It is clear that statutory relationships, sex and health education is essential to tackling misogyny.
There must be clear guidance on teaching it, which is why we are carefully considering consultation responses and evidence to ensure that new guidance meets the needs of students and teachers.
The independent curriculum and assessment review will carefully consider how RSHE fits in with the wider curriculum as part of its work.
We must tackle misogyny from the start.
That means in schools, online and across society.
Given the recent high-profile allegations of appalling abuse that many women suffered in their —[Interruption.] Order.
Please, the Member is asking a question.
You should not walk in front of her.
Given the recent high profile allegations of appalling abuse of women in their workplaces that have been all over the news, what steps are the Government planning to protect women who come forward with allegations of such abuse in future, particularly in the workplace?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for asking that incredibly important question.
Many of us have been deeply concerned by some of the stories that have come to public light.
We are determined as a new Government to strengthen the legal duty around sexual harassment so that employers take all reasonable steps to stop it before it starts.
We will also require employers to create and maintain workplaces and working conditions free from harassment, including by third parties.
My predecessor Greg Clark brought a Bill before the House to make it illegal to harass women in public.
The Protection from Sex-based Harassment in Public Bill received Royal Assent in September last year, but the Act is not in force because the Secretary of State needs to pass a statutory instrument to make regulations to allow that to happen; it is legal plumbing.
Will the Minister undertake to write to me and update me when that work will be done and when this important Act will come into force?
I am happy to write to the hon.
Member when the Act does indeed come into force.
To be absolutely clear, the new Government are determined  to halve violence against women and girls within a decade, which includes on the street as well as in workplaces and homes.
I know that the Home Secretary takes that incredibly seriously, so she is working with us on it.
Women welcome this Government finally implementing buffer zones around abortion clinics, as repeatedly voted for by MPs in the House.
Will the Minister tell me when that will happen and whether it will apply to those who, knowingly or not, silently intimidate at the clinic gates?
The Tories were trying to scrap that bit on the sly.