Across this House, we all agree that we need to get our economy growing strongly again so that we can improve people’s lives and raise the money for our public services.
The Liberal Democrats believe that one of the best ways of doing that is to improve our relationship with our European neighbours on things like trade, and I welcome the fact that the Prime Minister has made that a priority in his first few weeks, but what I just do not understand is that he has ruled out negotiating a youth mobility scheme with our European partners.
This could be so good for young people, for businesses and for re-establishing that relationship.
Will he reconsider?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: we do need a better deal with the EU than the bad deal we got under the last Government.
That is why I was pleased to meet the President of the Commission last week to talk about how we can improve on the deal.
In our manifesto we had clear red lines about the single market, the customs union and freedom of movement, and we will negotiate with those red lines in place.
I am disappointed about the youth mobility scheme—maybe we can come back to that—but the Prime Minister is right to say that one of the many problems for our economy coming from the dreadful Brexit deal is the red tape that has been put on businesses.
There are many examples of that, but a new example came to me earlier this week.
It affects fishermen in the Falklands, who are having to pay huge amounts in tariffs to be able to sell their produce into the European market, or sail under a Spanish flag.
When the Prime Minister renegotiates the trade deal, can he remember the overseas territories and ensure that British citizens fishing off the Falklands can sail proudly under the Union Jack?
My uncle nearly lost his life when his ship was torpedoed defending the Falklands.
They are British, and they will remain British.
The sovereignty of Gibraltar is equally not to be negotiated.
Of course, we will do everything we can to make it easier for all businesses to trade more freely so that we can grow our economy, but I have been very clear about the Falklands.
It is personal to me.
Conservative-led Derbyshire county council is proposing to cut adult day centres and care homes across Derbyshire.
My constituent Pat was diagnosed with dementia in 2016.
The Jubilee centre in New Mills is a lifeline for her and her family.
She always returns happier, less confused and less anxious.
For David, her partner and main carer, it provides vital respite.
Pat and David do not know how they will survive without it.
Will the Prime Minister join me in asking the Conservatives on Derbyshire county council to think again and to oppose these devastating cuts to older people and their families?
I am shocked to hear of the impact on Derbyshire county council, which is proposing cutbacks to adult social care.
Councils across the country were on the frontline of the last Government’s ruinous economic failure, which has left people who rely on services counting the cost.
There is no quick fix, but we will provide councils with more stability and certainty through multi-year funding settlements, ensuring that councils can properly plan their finances for the future.
We will work with local leaders to deliver this.
Does the Prime Minister have any sense of unease that, although he is Prime Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, there are more than 300 areas of law in Northern Ireland in which legislation is made in a foreign Parliament?
Has he any ambition to recover UK sovereignty over those 300 areas of law, thereby restoring the equal citizenship of my constituents and ending their disen-franchising in respect of making laws that govern much of their economy?