The Secretary of State has referred to money.
He knows that the so-called black hole, for which the Government have provided no breakdown, is partially of Labour’s making, given the above-inflation pay rise that it has chosen to award to the unions.
He will know that the money involved is, in the world of the Exchequer, not that significant and, crucially, will deliver major returns to Northern Ireland and to the UK.
I ask the Secretary of State for two things.
The first is an apology for how the matter was handled; I know he would not have wanted it to happen in the way it did, but someone should take responsibility for how the House and the people of Northern Ireland have been treated.
The second is that, in negotiating with the Treasury in the run-up to the Budget, he will be the lead advocate for un-pausing those city deals.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his response.
On the matter of Casement Park, since he raised it, I will say that we took the decision for the reason we set out, and I think it is one that he supports.
On the question of Sean Brown, I set out in my letter to the family why I had reached the conclusion that I did.
I would just correct the hon.
Gentleman: the Belfast city deal was never affected at all—it is roaring ahead and is a great success.
In the case of Derry, I was pleased to attend the signing of the deal, which will now progress to its next stage.
I would also simply say to the hon.
Gentleman that the public finances inheritance the last Government left us—[Interruption.]
Well, the last Government made a load of promises but never identified where the money to pay for them would come from, and then they were turfed out and left this Government to deal with the problem.
That is the reason for the situation with these two city deals.
He can rest assured that I, as Secretary of State, will continue to make the case for the two city deals, which is why I said in my opening answer to him that everybody in Northern Ireland, including me, understands their importance, and I will continue to make that case.
But in those circumstances, the Chancellor has found it necessary to look at a whole range of commitments that were made by the last Government for which no funding had been identified, and the fault for that does not lie with us, and if any apologies are required, a belated apology from the other side for the mess they left us would be much appreciated.