He was always a doer, never a complainer and put everyone else first.
His last trip to Ireland is an epic example.
A trip he had planned for some time with Nick and Vita, Bruce and Wendy, and he and Peg.
As Bruce recalls, weeks before, he had terrible and severe back pain and was not feeling well, but would not let his health stand in the way of a great trip with friends.
While I'm sure the Guiness helped, everyone knew he was in pain, but he did it because of who he was and the people he cared about.
That's Ray.
As my brother Danny says, having worked with Ray on building the house--and you heard Father say how he did it with his own hands--Ray had many skills, among his specialties was electrical, with a minor in procurement.
If we needed hardware: nuts, bolts, nails, screws, blades, zip ties, gloves, paint, or whatever, Ray always managed to come up with a donor and keep us going.
My brother went on to describe his essence, saying what I believe everyone in this room agrees with.
He was the most dependable friend you could have.
First one on the site, and there till the end, and the job was done.
He had a broad base knowledge and a hands-on versatility of all of the trades.
Nothing that he couldn't figure out with an occasional break for a Marlboro or two.
His heart was bigger than himself, it's as if he was made to help everyone else.
He was practical and direct and always with an informed view.
Now, most here assembled know Ray was the master of the power nap.
From which virtually in any environment he could fall into a deep sleep, and awake and rally.
Danny Delmastro, of course, cites the best example of his capability at the annual Aero Med Christmas Party, when about three-quarters the way through a great evening, Rammer says to Danny he's going to ``step outside for a smoke.''
Danny looks at him and says ``it's snowing,'' Ray just nodded and about an hour later with the place closing down and everyone looking for Ray, Danny went outside and found him on a bench with about three inches of snow on his head and his shoulders and said, ``Rammer!''
And Ray responded without missing a beat that

``yes, I'll have a final final.''
That was our guy.
He clearly is a giant of a man, Jim Iacobellis noted that.
He said he had a giant talent.
He could do anything he put his mind to.
He had giant knowledge.
He knew so much about so much, and if he didn't, he'd ask and inquire until he did.
He had a giant personality--the life and center of any gathering, you always wanted to be around him and talk to him.
He was a giant friend.
He had so many, and he knew them, he knew what they liked, and knew what made them happy or unhappy.
He was also the first to accept new people and become friends, as he did so with Jim more than 30 years ago when he was the new kid on the block.
Now, we have a Bocce tournament and a gathering and have done so for 32 years, and whether it's tents, limoncello, garbanzo and hot peppers, you know, and of course, grilling that sausage, it was Ray.
And as Linda and Leslie attest and verify and everyone agrees--without Ray, there would never have been a Bocce.
He was the essential part and mover.
I think it's safe to say that the way he lived his life and in talking with David McQuaid, I said, ``David, he had a great run.''
And David looked at me and says ``A run?
He had several runs.''
In short, Ray was authentic and original without a phony bone in his body, dependable as the day was long.