The Secretary of State has set out extensive responses to extensive questions on the inherited challenges in the SEND system.
We recognise the issues that the hon.
Gentleman raised, and will be happy to meet him and his colleagues around his local authority area to discuss this further.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Shrewsbury Colleges Group in my constituency on yet another excellent round of results this summer, with A-level pass rates at over 98% and 210 vocational students achieving a triple distinction?
It is a superb institution in our rural area, working to drive up engagement and standards for vocational qualifications, which are the bedrock of our industrial strategy and central to the  Government’s mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
Will she join me in celebrating its success, and assure it that it has parity of esteem with its academic school counterparts, and will she perhaps book a visit?
Further education is front and centre of unlocking opportunity.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the Shrewsbury Colleges Group on its excellent results.
Schools in Devon are missing out on £23.5 million a year due to the national funding formula—the equivalent of 450 full-time teachers across the county.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how Devon’s school children are missing out, particularly those living in the most deprived areas?
I recognise the concerns the hon.
Lady raises.
The Government intend to take time to consider the various funding formulas the Department and local authorities currently use to allocate funding for schools.
It is really important that we have a fair education funding system that directs funding to where it is needed, and I would be happy to meet her to discuss the particular challenges in her area.
The Steiner school in my constituency, with its nurturing and therapeutic pedagogy, is most challenged by the VAT policy, yet it enables many children who have anxiety or who would otherwise not be in education to access school.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss my report on the impact of the VAT policy and find ways to keep this school open and the children in education?
We expect that private schools will want to continue to demonstrate wider public benefit through the provision of means-tested bursaries and partnerships with state-funded schools after the changes are made.
As this is a taxation matter, His Majesty’s Treasury is leading the implementation of the policy.
It published a technical note about the proposed changes on  29 July  and will confirm its plans at Budget.
I encourage all private schools to engage with that process, and I would happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss her report.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as I am still a South Gloucestershire councillor.
As last Thursday’s packed debate showed, children with SEND are being let down.
Many local authorities are currently locked into safety valve agreements with the Department for Education, which were put into place pre-pandemic and contain unrealistic targets that no longer reflect the situation on the ground.
Will the Secretary of State review those agreements, and meet me and local leaders to discuss the situation in South Gloucestershire?
The hon.
Lady raises a concern that many have raised.
She will have seen the level of concern at the special educational needs inheritance that this Government have taken on.
Current safety  valve agreements will continue to operate, as they are agreed, but we will look at their use going forward.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss the particular challenges in her area.
May I take this opportunity to welcome my right hon.
Friend to her place, and to welcome students across Stratford and Bow back to school as they start their new term?
The Secretary of State understands as well as I do the struggles some parents have in getting their children back to school, especially those with mental health and special educational needs.
Will she outline what steps she is taking to ensure that school really is the best place for every child?
I recognise the important point that my hon.
Friend raises.
Many parents are doing everything they can, often in very challenging circumstances, to support their children into school.
For my part, I can assure her that this Government will do everything we can to make sure children find welcoming, safe environments at school, with better mental health support, breakfast clubs in our primary schools, a broader, richer curriculum, and more support around SEND in mainstream settings.
There were reports in the press a couple of weeks ago that the Secretary of State took meetings with teaching unions who made the argument that multiplication times tables should be taken off the national curriculum.
Given our stratospheric success in PISA—programme for international student assessment—numeracy ratings, thanks to changes introduced by the Conservative Government, can she give us a 100% cast-iron guarantee that she will not dumb down the curriculum in this country and will not take times tables off the national curriculum?
I would caution the hon.
Gentleman about believing everything he reads in the press.
Times tables are an important part of our system.
We will drive high and rising standards from Government.
Rather than picking pointless fights and avoidable industrial action, what he will see from this Government is a different relationship, as we work in partnership with teachers, school leaders and support staff to deliver better life chances for all of our children.
The last set of PISA results under the Conservative Government showed standards in England’s schools going backwards: backwards in reading——maybe Conservative Members should listen—backwards in maths and backwards in science.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is far from a record to be proud of?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Conservative Members do not like it, but it is absolutely true.
I would add that, when it comes to the concerns my hon.
Friend raises, we see stark attainment gaps in the difference between what our poorest and more affluent children are able to achieve.
That blights the life  chances of children in his constituency of Gateshead.
We are determined to make progress on that, unlike the previous Government.
I congratulate the Secretary of State and her team, and welcome them to their places.
In my constituency, children are being unenrolled after 20 days of absence, even when there is a valid and compassionate reason for their leave.
Will the Secretary of State commit herself to reviewing this harmful and punitive rule, which is leaving children in my constituency without a school for many months, and will she take steps to make the necessary changes to protect those children and their right to an education?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the points that he has raised.
Attendance and off-rolling are issues that the Government take very seriously, and we will set out more policies on them in due course.
The last Government promised to publish a register of children who were not in school.
I welcome the measures taken by this Government, but can the Minister update me on the next steps towards publication of the register?
This Government have no time to waste if we are to fix the foundations of our country after 14 years of decline.
We will legislate for the register through the children’s wellbeing Bill, which will be introduced as soon as parliamentary time allows, and which will support the Government’s work to ensure that every child has the best start in life.
Can the Minister confirm that the funding announced on  9 May  by the Conservative Government for a brand-new SEND school in the county of Buckinghamshire is in no way, shape or form “under review”, and that we will get that new school?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings that they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity and give every young person the best start in life.
We are committed to improving the condition of the estate through the Department’s annual funding, continuing the school rebuilding programme and fixing the problems caused by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
At the start of the new school year, may I wish all teachers, school staff and children in my constituency the very best for the year ahead?
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, as part of the curriculum review, which I warmly welcome and look forward to, we need an education system and curriculum—particularly in primary schools—with much more focus on learning through play, on oracy, and on multisensory movement and the recording of learning?
That would benefit not just children with SEND, but all pupils.
The curriculum assessment review, led by experts, will focus on the evidence—what we know from here and abroad about how we can best help children of all ages and abilities to learn, and that  includes children with special educational needs.
I am sure that those conducting the review will want to investigate different approaches to the primary curriculum, including those mentioned by my hon.
Friend, but I would not want to pre-empt the review’s conclusions and recommendations.
rose— Order.
That concludes Education questions.
I am sorry that I could not fit everyone in; better luck next time.
It is always nice to see the right hon.
Gentleman, but I was expecting to see the actual Secretary of State respond to this question.
Perhaps he is at a business meeting with health firms— Order.
May I ask the shadow Secretary of State just to pose the question?
The Minister will respond, and then the shadow Secretary of State will get her two minutes after that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the involvement of people with no formal appointment in the development of Government policy on health.
I apologise to the House, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am more used to answering, but believe you me, I am looking forward to the questions.
And I am committed to making sure that the right hon.
Lady is there, asking the questions, for a very, very long time.
Unlike our predecessors, this Government cannot get enough of experts.
We work with a wide range of stakeholders in developing policy, because that goes to the heart of our approach to mission-driven government.
But I think the shadow Secretary of State was referring specifically to the right honourable Alan Milburn, so let me address him specifically.
I walked into the Department of Health and Social Care on  5 July  to be confronted with the worst crisis in the history of the national health service: waiting lists at 7.6 million, more than a million patients a month waiting four weeks for a GP appointment —if they could get one at all—the junior doctors still in dispute and on strike, and dental deserts across huge parts of our country, where people cannot get an NHS dentist for love nor money.
This Government are honest about the scale of the crisis and serious about fixing it, which means that we need the best available advice—it is all hands on deck to fix the mess that the previous Government left.
If a single patient waited longer for treatment than they needed because I had failed to ask for the most expert advice around, I would consider that a betrayal of patients’ interests.
I decide whom I hear from in meetings, I decide whose advice I seek, and I decide what to share with them.
I also welcome challenge, alternative perspectives and experience.
The right honourable Alan Milburn is a former Member of this House, a member of the Privy Council and a former Health Secretary.
He does not have a pass to the Department and, at every departmental meeting he has attended, he has been present at the request of Ministers.
During Alan’s time in office, he gave patients the choice over where they are treated and who treats them, as well as making sure that the NHS was properly transparent, so that all patients were able to make an informed choice—a basic right that we expect in all other walks of life, but which only the wealthy and well connected were able to exercise in healthcare until Alan changed it.
He gave patients access to the fastest, most effective treatment available on NHS terms, so that faster treatment was no longer just for those who could afford private healthcare.
He made the tough reforms that drove better performance across the NHS and, along with every other Labour Health Secretary, delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in the history of the NHS.
That is his record and Labour’s record, and it is the kind of experience that I want around the table as we write the reform agenda that will lift the NHS out of the worst crisis in its history, get it back on its feet, and make it fit for the future once again.
I fear that the right hon.
Gentleman is betraying his inexperience.
It is a shame that he needs all that help and experience; the rest of us have just got on with the job.
The Department of Health and Social Care manages incredibly sensitive information, ranging from the development of healthcare policy to the handling of market-sensitive information concerning vaccines and medication, and the rules regarding patient confidentiality.
It has emerged that Mr Milburn, a former Labour politician, has received more than £8 million from his personal consultancy firm since 2016.
He advises one of the largest providers of residential care for older people, and is apparently a senior adviser on health for a major consultancy firm.
[Interruption.]
A Member sitting opposite says, “So what?”
Given the risk of conflicts of interest—that, rather than the right hon.
Gentleman’s inexperience, is the point of this UQ—has Mr Milburn declared his business interests to the Department?
Can the right hon.
Gentleman reassure the House on how such conflicts are being managed, so that we can get a sense of the scale of this open-door policy and Mr Milburn’s access?
Could the right hon.
Gentleman tell us how many meetings Mr Milburn has attended?
How many were with NHS England?
How many were conducted without ministerial presence?
What sensitive information has Mr Milburn been given access to?
Does it include information concerning the sale of patient information to pharmaceutical companies?
Has Mr Milburn seen internal DHSC or NHSE documents regarding the pricing of medicines and vaccinations, and other market-sensitive information?
This is all information that comes across the right hon.
Gentleman’s desk, and there is no formal record for understanding what Mr Milburn has seen.
If the right hon.
Gentleman uses, as he has done just now, the excuse that this is all okay because Mr Milburn is a former Secretary of State and a Privy Counsellor, could the right hon.
Gentleman set out where in the ministerial code or the civil service code such an exemption exists for unrecorded access to information by members of the public?
I hope the Secretary of State will also confirm his lists of other advisers, their commercial interests and any other members of the public attending meetings that are of a deeply sensitive nature, so that we get a sense of just how far this goes.
This is just more evidence of cronyism at the heart of this new Labour Government.
Following recent press reports that a Labour party worker had been parachuted into a civil service role in the Department through a closed recruitment process, will the Secretary of State  finally come clean to the House and be transparent about who is running his Department and shaping policy for him?
The right hon.
Lady wants to compare experience.
It took me three weeks to agree a deal with junior doctors—she had not even met them since March—and in the two and a half years that I was the shadow Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, she was the fifth and among the worst.
Does it not just tell us everything we need to know about the Conservatives’ priorities?
She does not ask me what we are doing to cut waiting lists.
She does not ask about the action we took to end strikes.
She does not ask about the action that has been taken to hire a thousand GPs, who she left to graduate into unemployment.
She has not asked me about the news on the front page of The Daily Telegraph that, on their watch, 50 years of health progress is in decline.
And funnily enough, there was nothing on the news from The Observer this weekend that the NHS was hit harder than any other health service by the pandemic because it was uniquely exposed by a decade of Conservative neglect.
Having broken the NHS, all they are interested in now is trying to tie this Government’s hands behand our back to stop us cleaning up their mess.
What the right hon.
Lady is implying in this question is that, as Health Secretary, she never sought the advice of people who did not work in her Department, which would explain quite a lot actually.
I feel sorry for her, because when I need advice, I can call on any number of Labour Health Secretaries who helped deliver the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history.
But she never had that luxury, because every single one of her Conservative predecessors left NHS waiting lists higher than where they found them—except, of course, for Thérèse Coffey, who was outlasted by a lettuce.
In fact, it says a lot about the modern Conservative party’s anti-reform instincts that the right hon.
Lady is so opposed to Alan Milburn.
They used to hug him close when they were cosplaying as new Labour.
Andrew Lansley even asked whether Alan Milburn would chair the new clinical commissioning board that his top-down reorganisation created, although Alan sensibly turned him down and labelled the reorganisation “the biggest car crash” in the history of the NHS, which just goes to prove that Alan Milburn has sound judgment and is worth listening to.
But if the right hon.
Lady wants to lead with her chin and talk cronyism, let us talk cronyism.
Why do we not talk about Owen Paterson lobbying Health Ministers on behalf of Randox?
The Conservatives care so much about cronyism that they welcomed Lord Cameron back with open arms following his paid lobbying for Greensill.
For reasons of ongoing court cases, let us not even get into Baroness Mone and the £200 million contract for personal protective equipment.
Where was the right hon.
Lady during those sorry episodes?
Cheering on that Government and presiding over a record of abysmal failure that has put them on the other side of the Chamber.
This Government are having to rebuild not only the public services that the Conservatives broke and the public finances they raided, but the trust in politics that  they destroyed.
We will put politics back into the service of working people and rebuild all three.
Clearly, we will have to do it without the support of the Conservative party’s one- nation tradition, who are not even running and have abandoned their flag.
It is clear that the Conservatives have not learned a thing from the defeat they were subjected to on  4 July , and we will get on with the business of clearing up their mess.