We are moving on to topicals; the questions will be short, and the ministerial responses will be snappy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As we start the new academic year, I want to say thank you to all staff working across education, and to wish all learners the best for the year ahead.
It will be the mission of this new Government to break down barriers to opportunity, so that where a person is from does not determine what they can go on to achieve, and so that  every child has the best start in life.
We launch our mission against a backdrop of many inherited challenges: a childcare pledge without a plan for delivery; a crumbling schools estate; a school attendance crisis; large attainment gaps; and falling apprenticeship starts and training opportunities.
I am determined to turn this around.
We will drive high and rising standards across education, from early years right through to adult learning.
Across the Macclesfield area, we have fantastic schools, but the legacy of 14 years of Conservative mismanagement means that they have some of the lowest funding in the country.
Will Ministers meet me to discuss how we can turn the situation about and fund our schools properly?
I know that my hon.
Friend cares deeply about the life chances of children in Macclesfield and across Cheshire East.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
The Opposition share the Secretary of State’s good wishes to all for the new term and the new year, but does she recall that last time Labour was in office, not only did England tumble down the world education rankings, but we ended up as the only country in the developed world where the literacy and numeracy of recent school leavers was worse than that of the generation who were about to retire?
If she continues to follow the same failed Labour approach, does she expect a different result this time?
The right hon.
Gentleman, as a former Minister in the Department, knows all too well that he and others were cautioned about how they should be using data.
When we look at the raw numbers, we see that under the last Conservative Government, reading standards were going down, as were standards in maths and science.
One in four children did not reach the required standard at the end of primary school, and one in five young people was persistently absent from our schools.
We will drive high and rising standards right across academic subjects, but we will also ensure that all our children and young people have a range of opportunities in music, sport, art and drama, not just those with parents who can afford it.
As the new school year begins, far too many students in my constituency have not yet been able to secure a school place of their choice.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the schools allocation policy needs a desperate overhaul?
Many people believe that it is not fit for purpose.
Could she tell the House what steps the Government are taking to address this extremely important issue?
We recognise the challenges that my hon.
Friend raises, which is why the Government will introduce changes, so that state-funded schools can be asked to co-operate with local authorities on admissions and place planning.
Local authorities have a responsibility to allocate all applicants a school place on national offer day.
If children in his area are still without places, I would be happy to meet him, and to support him in resolving those issues.
Disadvantaged pupils between 16 and 19 are likely to be up to four grades behind their more affluent peers.
We know that funding drops by about a third at 16, yet 16-to-19 tuition was axed in July, and the pupil premium has never applied to that age group.
If the Secretary of State is serious about smashing the glass ceiling, will she consider increasing funding targeted at this group?
I share the hon.
Lady’s concern about making sure that we target funding in the most effective way.
That is why I have said that my No. 1 priority is ensuring that we support children and young people at the earliest possible point, and give a real commitment around early education and childcare, because that is the single biggest way to ensure that our children arrive at school really well prepared and to stop those gaps opening up as children progress through education.
The early years sector faces significant challenges in delivering the roll-out of the expanded childcare offer promised by the last Government.
The sector consistently cites the inability to recruit and retain staff as the biggest difficulty.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government plan to publish the promised workforce strategy for the early years, and what opportunities there will be for the sector to have its say?