As the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , has set out, we will make sure that, where children have an education, health and care plan, the VAT on fees policy change will not affect those children.
I recognise the point the right hon.
Member makes and I believe that parents have a right to choose where their children go to school, but the vast majority of parents in our country who send their children to state school are also ambitious and aspirational for their children.
Maria, in my constituency, has a son who was in a specialist placement, and in October last year that school said it could no longer meet his need.
Since then, he has not been back in full-time education, while another headteacher keeps telling me that special needs provision in Shropshire is decades behind elsewhere in the country.
If the Secretary of State aspires for all children in the country to have their special needs met, how is she going to ensure that happens in places that are struggling so much with funding, such as Shropshire?
I recognise the challenge the hon.
Lady sets out, and part of it is making sure that our mainstream schools are better able to cater for children with a wide range of needs.
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of her constituent, and I am sure my hon.
Friend the Minister for School Standards will be happy to meet her or to look into that further to see if any action can be taken to support the family.
In Leicestershire, special educational needs has been a real problem that I have seen in my constituency.
The last Government made it one of the trailblazers to come together and trial some of the new things that could be done in special educational needs, and we started to see some progress in that.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the other Leicestershire MPs to discuss how we can take that forward, so we can get better provision for Hinckley and Bosworth and for Leicestershire?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to any emerging evidence that shows new ways of doing things.
As a new Government, we are keen to do precisely what he describes to make sure, particularly when it comes to a better join-up between health and education, that we see faster improvement.
I would be happy to meet him and Leicestershire colleagues, although my hon.
Friend the Minister might be able to step in.
Too many Eastbourne parents, my mum included, are forced to relentlessly fight to get their children into the school that can best meet their children’s special educational needs.
That is so often down to a lack of funding, so will the Secretary of State commit to meeting Eastbourne families, Eastbourne school leaders and me to hear  about the SEND landscape locally, and provide the funding that local children with special educational needs need and deserve?
The hon.
Member is right in his characterisation of a system that is adversarial and where so many parents have to fight to get a good education and support for their children.
I would be happy to do so, or perhaps my hon.
Friend the Minister might take that meeting.