What steps she is taking to recruit more teachers.
What steps she is taking to recruit more teachers.
As a first step in our mission to break down barriers to opportunity, we will recruit 6,500 additional teachers.
We have kickstarted the recruitment campaigns, and made a 5.5% pay award, resetting the relationship with the education workforce.
We will re-establish teaching as an attractive expert profession after years of damage under the previous Government.
This Government have promised change in education, and made a commitment to raising school standards and increasing teacher numbers after 14 years of Tory neglect.
The Scottish National party’s 17 years in power have led to falling standards, under-resourced schools and a growing attainment gap between the richest and the rest.
Does the Minister agree that it is time for change, given the Scottish National party’s dismal record on education in Scotland?
Breaking down barriers to opportunity is a key mission for this Government and the Scottish Labour party.
The SNP has seen attainment gaps widen and child poverty soar, but we will transform our education system so that all young people get the opportunities that they deserve, by driving high and rising standards across our education system.
That is the change that this Labour Government will deliver.
Many teachers in my constituency welcome the drive to recruit more teachers, but they also want the Government to recognise the pressures on those already in the profession.
What steps will the Department take to improve teacher retention in constituencies such as Penrith and Solway?
I want teachers to not only remain in the profession, but to thrive in it.
That is why we are listening and acting on feedback.
The Department, alongside school leaders, has developed a workload reduction toolkit and the education staff wellbeing charter.
We will deliver a range of measures to make teaching a better valued and respected profession.
I recently visited Herefordshire, Ludlow and North Shropshire college, which provides excellent further education opportunities for students in my constituency.
However, there is not parity of funding for teachers in the FE sector and those in the schools sector, meaning that post-16 education is now better funded for those pursuing academic courses than for those pursuing vocational courses.
Will the Secretary of State roll out the 5.5%  pay rise to teachers in the FE sector also, so that there is no increase in inequality between academic and vocational opportunities?
We accepted the School Teachers Review Body’s recommendation of a 5.5% award for teachers and leaders in maintained schools in England from September.
It is a substantial award that recognises the hard work of those in our teaching profession.
We recognise the challenges in the FE sector also and the issues that the hon.
Lady outlines.
We will continue to keep the matter under review, because we want to ensure that every child has the best opportunities, whether that is in our school system or in our FE sector.
The new Government’s focus on the serious recruitment and retention crisis is welcome.
However, as we have heard, the recent pay announcement overlooked teachers who work in colleges, who already face a pay gap of more than £9,000.
We have twice the proportion of students from disadvantaged backgrounds in our colleges as in school sixth forms, so the recruitment issue is even more pressing in our colleges.
Why is it that teachers of 16-year-olds in schools deserve a pay rise, but teachers of 16-year-olds in colleges do not?
We recognise the challenges that the hon.
Lady sets out.
We are facing an incredibly challenging fiscal position.
From the previous Government, we inherited a £22 billion black hole to make up.
This is about the opportunities of young people in this country, and we take the issues that she outlines incredibly seriously.
We will continue to do what we can within the fiscal envelope that we have, and within the system that we have inherited.
That is why we honoured the recommendations of the STRB review, and we will continue to do what we can in FE.
What steps she is taking to help improve educational outcomes for (a) children in social care and (b) other care-experienced young people.