Whether her Department is taking steps to create degree-level apprenticeships in critical minerals industries.
This Government will unleash the green skills we need to make Britain a clean energy superpower and spread sustainable economic growth across the country.
Businesses can already benefit from the level 6 mine management degree apprenticeship and we are establishing Skills England, which will work across the country and across the Government with employers, local partners, unions and other experts to ensure that we have the highly trained workforce that England needs.
In Cornwall, apprenticeships in the critical minerals industry are so important, creating great work for the next generation, fostering innovation and supercharging our mission for clean energy.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps are being taken to expand our investment in these apprenticeships and meet the growing skills demand in that industry?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about the importance of apprenticeships and skills in creating local opportunities and national prosperity.
Skills England will work with employers and other partners to identify the skills needs of the next decade, and ensure that the training needed for those skills, including apprenticeships, is accessible through the growth and skills levy.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
The Conservatives left a trail of devastation across education, and nowhere is that clearer than in our current special educational needs and disabilities system.
We know that, for too many children and families, the system is just not working, but I give my personal commitment to hon.
Members across the House that the Government will listen to and work with families to deliver reform, improving inclusivity in mainstream schools and ensuring that special schools are able to help those with the most complex needs.
Last week, I visited Expert Citizens in Stoke-on-Trent, where people with lived experience of using public services help to inform system redesign.
Many of my constituents across different councils have reported issues with SEND transport, which highlights the importance of listening to people with lived experience.
In one example, a single working mother may need to give up her job because she does not have a car.
She does not get SEND transport because she is 0.1 miles outside and therefore she cannot get her child to school.
Does the Secretary of State agree that SEND transport needs a service rethink—one centred and built on the lived experience of the parents and children who use that service?
My hon.
Friend is right to stress the need to listen to children, families and all those working in the system in order to deliver reform.
If she can share some more detail with me, I will happily take a look.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her answer and to the Minister for School Standards for her response to last week’s
Westminster Hall debate, led by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hitchin (Alistair Strathern) , on SEND provision in Hertfordshire.
As the Minister will recall, there are many heartbreaking experiences faced by children and young people in Stevenage and across Hertfordshire, where waiting times are much higher than the national average.
Will the Secretary of State therefore consider a fairer funding settlement for SEND provision in Hertfordshire when she is next able to do so?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the significant interest in the Westminster Hall debate, and the level of interest today demonstrates the importance of getting this issue right.
I know from speaking to him that he is concerned about the issue.
I agree that it is important that there is a fair education funding system that directs funding where it is most needed.
One aspect of that is the national funding formula and allocating high-needs funding.
We will take our time to look carefully at whether any changes are required, including in Hertfordshire.
May I ask my right hon.
Friend to detail the Department’s plans to help to solve the recruitment problem for SEND professionals, to enable schools to deal with education, health and care plans in constituencies such as mine, North Somerset?
It is certainly the case that there is a big workforce challenge, and making sure that we have specialists in critical areas is a central part of making sure children and young people can access the support they need.
Our school support staff will play a crucial role in that, which is why Labour will reinstate the school support staff negotiating body.
We will make sure that teachers have more training alongside support staff, in order to deliver better support and education for our young people, and this year we are investing over £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists.[Official Report,  7 October 2024 ; Vol. 754, c. 2WC.]
(Correction)