My thoughts, and I am sure the thoughts of the whole House, are with the families of those who lost loved ones during the pandemic.
Their grief and the nature of their loss is harrowing, with so many loved ones lost before their time; so many heartbreaking last goodbyes said over a phone or iPad; and in some cases there was not even the chance to say goodbye at all.
So many friends and family members were denied even the chance to go to a funeral, and many others found their lives changed by covid forever.
We can only begin to imagine the anguish and anger that people feel, because this report confirms what many have always believed: that the country was not as prepared as it should have been, and that more could and should have been done.
Baroness Hallett is unequivocal: “The UK was ill prepared for dealing with a catastrophic emergency, let alone the coronavirus…pandemic”.
She finds that “processes, planning and policy” across all four nations failed our citizens.
There were fundamental failures of state, with poorly performing public services, as well as health and social inequalities contributing to our vulnerability.
The inquiry finds that “the UK prepared for the wrong pandemic”, with a focus on influenza to the effective exclusion of other potential pathogens.
There was a lack of leadership, a lack of appropriate challenge and oversight from Ministers and officials, which allowed major gaps to open up in the UK’s resilience in the period leading up to the pandemic.
Baroness Hallett finds “fatal strategic flaws underpinning the assessment of the risks” and “a failure to learn sufficiently from past civil emergency exercises and outbreaks of disease.”
Ministers and officials took false comfort from a positive analysis of the UK’s preparedness.
Not enough thought was given to how we might seek to prevent the worst effects of a pandemic, such as with a system of test and trace, rather than accepting the consequence of spread as inevitable.
In this emergency, the cracks in our society were exposed.
The inequalities were glaring, and that weakened the response.
That is why the report’s findings on the most vulnerable are so important: what it says about the elderly, ethnic minorities and those already subject to existing health inequalities, particularly in the early months of the pandemic; those with higher risk of serious illness who were asked to shield for extended periods; those living in overcrowded houses, working in the gig economy or on low incomes; those who suffered as a result of the appalling increase in domestic abuse during the lockdowns; and, of course, disruption to education and the inequalities of vastly different access to online learning and IT equipment.
Resilience has to be for all of us, not just some of us.
The underlying picture that this report sets out is stark.
Before the pandemic began, our public services were already stretched to their limit, during what should have been normal times.
This was especially true of the NHS, overstretched even before the pandemic hit, and key workers in other services, overburdened in normal times and then asked to go above and beyond.
A nation can only be as resilient as the foundational strength of its infrastructure and public services.
As I stand here today with 8 million people on NHS waiting lists, prisons overflowing, councils pushed to the brink and public services in a worse position than they were even in 2020, we must ensure that we are prepared.
Baroness Hallett says that it is not a question of if another pandemic will strike, but when.
Resilience is not just about another pandemic, but about the full range of risk that we face.
We are reminded of that this morning as reports come in about a global IT outage affecting airlines, GP surgeries, banks, media and other organisations.
It is not easy to know what the future holds.
We cannot plan fully for every possible risk, but we must do what we can to learn the lessons of this period.
The Government’s first responsibility is to keep the public safe.
That is a top priority of this Government.
With a long-term approach to strengthening our national resilience, I shall lead a review of our national resilience against the range of risks that the UK faces.
I shall chair a dedicated Cabinet Committee on resilience to oversee that work.
Of course, it is not just about central Government, so we will work with the devolved Governments, regional mayors and local leaders as we consider the report’s recommendations.
When we have an emergency, we should do everything we can to work together locally and nationally.
The Prime Minister has already started to reset relationships with critical partners, because resilience is too important for division to get in the way.
Instead, it has to be about co-operative strength.
Some improvements to our operational effectiveness have already been made.
The previous Administration did make efforts to improve preparedness.
These include changes in the way that the Government access, analyse and share data, including with the public.
They also changed the risk assessment processes and the way in which the centre of Government works to prepare for and respond to crises.
As an incoming Government, in office for just two weeks, we will look at those efforts in the coming months as we develop our own approach.
Where things are good, they should be kept; where they are not good enough, they should be changed.
The inquiry’s report recommends improvements in the way whole-system risks are assessed and managed across the UK Government and the devolved Governments, and improvements to the leadership and oversight provided by Ministers.
The Government will carefully consider all the findings and recommendations, including any from the Grenfell inquiry that also have a bearing on resilience planning.
We will respond in full within six months.
We will also play our full part in international efforts to improve global health and pandemic preparedness, from disease surveillance and vaccine development to strengthening health systems in the global south and building even greater international co-operation.
The United Kingdom has a huge amount to offer and it is in our national interest to do so, because, as we have seen so powerfully, pandemics do not respect international borders, so global health security is an essential element of national security.
I wish to thank Baroness Hallett and her team for all their work so far and for putting the voices of the bereaved at the heart of the inquiry.
Amid the tragedy of the pandemic, the British people came together in the most extraordinary ways—from the incredible service and sacrifice of our frontline workers, not least in the NHS, to the generosity of volunteers across our communities supporting one another with acts of kindness.
It was a story of service that showed the very best of our country.
This Government of service are determined to learn the lessons from this inquiry and to prepare as best we can for the future.
That is the duty that we have to the people we serve, and indeed to the memory of those we lost.
It is in that spirit that I commend this statement to the House.