Last weekend, I visited Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, meeting leaders on both sides.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has also spoken to both Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas, and I have discussed the issue with colleagues from the G7 and, of course, the region.
This has been a priority from day one because of the desperate situation in Gaza, and the serious risk of escalation in Lebanon in particular.
I must be frank: Britain wants an immediate ceasefire.
The fighting must stop.
The hostages must be released.
Much, much more aid must enter Gaza—Israel promised a “flood of aid” back in April, but imposes impossible and unacceptable restrictions—and there must be de-escalation on the Israeli-Lebanese border.
I sincerely hope the parties will agree a ceasefire as a matter of urgency.
I have been discussing with partners the need for planning for what follows, on reconstruction, governance and security, and for reforming and empowering the Palestinian Authority, but President Biden presented his proposals nearly two months ago, so we in this new Government have not sought to cloak our position in qualifications or conditions.
This horror must end now.
My visit brought home the conflict’s appalling impact.
I met the families of those murdered and taken hostage so cruelly by Hamas, now separated from their loved ones for so long.
I told them that the UK would continue to push for the immediate release of all hostages.
I also met Palestinians displaced by settlers.
Settlement expansion and settler violence have reached record levels.
The Israeli Government have seized more of the west bank in 2024 than in the past 20 years.
That is completely unacceptable.
This Government will challenge those who undermine a two-state solution.
Finally, I met aid workers from the United Nations agencies operating in Gaza.
More aid workers have been killed in Gaza than in every other conflict globally combined this year.
Those who risk their life to save others are heroes.
With journalists banned from entering, aid agencies are a vital source of information from the Gaza strip, and their reports are devastating: almost 40,000 killed, mothers so malnourished that they cannot produce milk for their babies, rivers of sewage in the streets, a surge in disease among children—with 40 times the normal rate of diarrhoea, and with polio now detected—and looting; one aid truck driver was killed only yesterday.
I announced on my visit new funding for field hospitals run by UK-Med, which has treated more than 60,000 Gazans since the conflict began.
Humanitarian aid is a moral necessity in the face of such a catastrophe, and it is aid agencies that ensure that UK support reaches civilians on the ground.
UNRWA is absolutely central to those efforts; no other agency can deliver aid on the scale needed.
It is already feeding over half of Gaza’s population.
It will be vital for future  reconstruction, and it provides critical services to Palestinian refugees in the region.
I was appalled by the allegations that UNRWA staff were involved in the  7 October  attacks, but the UN took those allegations seriously.
I have spoken to UN Secretary-General Guterres and Commissioner-General Lazzarini.
Following Catherine Colonna’s independent review, we are reassured that UNRWA is ensuring that it meets the highest standards of neutrality and is strengthening its procedures, including on vetting.
UNRWA has acted.
Partners such as Japan, the European Union and Norway have also now acted, and this Government will act too.
I can confirm to the House that we are overturning the suspension of UNRWA funding.
Britain will provide £21 million in new funds, with some directed at supporting the management reforms recommended by the Colonna review.
UNRWA supports more than 5.5 million Palestinians, and almost 200 of its staff have died in this conflict.
I thank the agency for its lifesaving work.
As we look for a pathway out of the wider crisis, I am conscious of this conflict’s complexities and am determined to listen to all sides.
I approach every decision I must take carefully.
Our overarching goal is clear: a viable and sovereign Palestinian state, alongside a safe and secure Israel.
There is no way out of this crisis without a route to both Palestinians and Israelis enjoying security, justice and opportunity in lands that they can call their own.
We are committed to playing a full diplomatic role in a renewed peace process, and to contributing to that process by recognising a Palestinian state at a time determined by us, not anyone else.
I know that other aspects of this crisis are of great interest to the House, including the Government’s assessment of Israel’s compliance with international humanitarian law in Gaza, the investigation by the International Criminal Court, and what further measures might help to deter malign activity by the Iranian regime.
Let me reassure the House that I take those issues extremely seriously.
Our commitment to international law is clear, and we are following the necessary processes.
As soon as I took office, I tasked officials with a comprehensive review of Israel’s compliance with international humanitarian law, and that process is now under way.
I will update the House again once the process is complete.
Twenty-four years ago, just weeks after I first joined the House, President Clinton hosted the Camp David summit—a reminder that this tragedy has lasted far too long.
There are those in this House who, like me, represent constituents who are convinced that the world does not understand Israel’s predicament.
To them I say that Israel is in a tough neighbourhood and is threatened by those who want it annihilated.
There is no equivalence between Israel’s democratic Government and Hamas, a terrorist organisation responsible for an act of barbarism on  7 October  that sought to kill countless Israelis and provoke wider conflict with Palestinians.
I fully supported the UK’s role in defending Israel when Iran launched its unprecedented attack, and I utterly condemn the Houthi attack on Tel Aviv overnight.
There are also those who, like me, represent constituents who are convinced that the world does not understand the depth of Palestinian suffering.
To them I say that civilians in Gaza are trapped in hell on earth.
The  Palestinian people have been in purgatory for decades, and have been denied the state that is their inalienable right.
As Foreign Secretary, I understand both those perspectives.
I recognise the pain and anguish felt on all sides.
It makes me only more determined to do all I can in this office to advance the cause of peace.
I commend this statement to the House.