As the right hon.
Gentleman rightly set out, the situation in Gaza is desperate.
Too many Palestinian civilians have been killed.
We continue to see strikes on humanitarian infrastructure and the humanitarian situation is unforgivable.
The index on famine states that Gaza is now in just that: full famine.
I saw this when I went on my own visit to the Egyptian border with Gaza and met families who had had to be evacuated due to the severity of the harm caused to them.
We need an immediate end to the fighting and to secure the release of the hostages, whose families continue to suffer unbearable torment on a daily basis, so will the right hon.
Gentleman please provide an update to the House on reassurances he has received on the safety of the hostages?
On aid, in his meetings has the Foreign Secretary secured any reassurances to increase the number of trucks going into Gaza?
Seventy-odd a day is just not enough.
In government, we did everything we could to urge Israel to let more humanitarian aid into Gaza and open more crossings, including through Rafah, and we trebled our own aid commitment within the last financial   year, doing everything we could to get aid there by land, sea or air.
We had success in getting the Ashdod port open, as well as Kerem Shalom, and helped get 11 airdrops into Gaza.
The field hospital provided by UK aid funding to UK-Med has treated thousands of patients.
We also supported and helped to set up a maritime aid corridor to Gaza.
The right hon.
Gentleman announced today the return of funding to UNRWA.
Can he please advise the House on the timeline for that, and provide assurances that taxpayers’ funding will be directed with due regard?
Only an end to the fighting will enable a significant scaling up of humanitarian aid.
The right hon.
Gentleman rightly stated that Biden set forward a proposal backed by Israel and the UN Security Council to end the hostilities.
What action is he taking to move that proposal forward?
Can he also provide us with any reassurances he has secured in his meetings with Netanyahu?
He rightly raised the case of extremist settlers; we were one of the first Governments to put in place sanctions against some of them.
Can he assure us that he raised this issue with the Israeli Government, and whether more sanctions will be forthcoming?
The risk of escalation remains high, particularly with Hezbollah in Lebanon, so can I please ask whether his Department assesses any change in Iranian intent, activities or funding following the sham election of the Iranian President?
When they sat on the Opposition Benches, both the right hon.
Gentleman and the now Home Secretary were crystal clear that, were they in government, they would proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, so can we please now have the timing for this proscription?
We all want to see an end to this devastating situation, which threatens the stability and security of so many.
As His Majesty’s loyal Opposition, our priority will be to work with the Government, but also to challenge and scrutinise them as needed.
Ultimately, we can assure the Government that we will always work in the national interest because it is foreign policy that keeps our people safe at home, and that is our foremost duty.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for her remarks and for her work previously on the Foreign Affairs Committee, in which she was a stalwart champion for international humanitarian law.
She raised these issues frequently in the House, challenging both sides on the issues she thought were important, and I am pleased to see her elevated to this position.
I am grateful for the work that I was able to do with the former Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron, and the way in which he kept us—in opposition, in those days—up to date with what was happening in our national interests.
I also thank the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , for all his work when he was in office, particularly on the issue of development.
The hon.
Member asked me about the safety of the hostages.
That is of primary concern.
Of course, we were engaged in detailed conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu on what support we can offer to assist in the business of getting those hostages out.
I met hostage families—many of them UK hostage families—to discuss  the plight of those hostages.
They remain paramount in the Government’s mind as we head, I hope, towards the ceasefire that we all want.
The hon.
Member was right to centre her remarks on the question of aid.
Seventy trucks a day, when we know there should be 500, is not enough.
The whole House recognises the word “flood”, and we were told in April that Gaza would be flooded with aid.
Seventy trucks is nowhere near enough.
As a consequence, we hear stories of disease—now including polio—setting in, which is horrific and troubles us all deeply.
Let me reassure the hon.
Member that we allocated an extra £5.5 million to support UK-Med in Gaza because those field sites are so important against a backdrop in which hospitals and medical facilities have been pummelled and bombed into the ground.
She is right to focus on the Biden plan, which we would like to see adopted in the next few days.
The plan dominated discussion with G7 Foreign Ministers in Washington DC last week and the conversations I have had with Arab partners, and all of us want to see the deal done.
I sincerely hope that we get to that point by the end of the month.
There is a sticking point with prisoner release as well as with hostage release: what happens on the day after?
Israel’s security is paramount.
Hamas cannot remain in charge of Gaza.
But equally, the Israel Defence Forces cannot remain situated in Gaza.
There has to be a new paradigm.
It will involve, I suspect, Arab partners and others who can give security guarantees to Israel.
It is a complicated picture.
We have to work at pace on what comes afterwards.
The hon.
Member is right to raise the terrible situation on the west bank.
It was important for me to meet the new Prime Minister on the west bank to discuss the finances that have been withdrawn and the febrile situation we saw against a backdrop of an unbelievable expansion, which breaches international law that the House stands by.
I press the Israeli Prime Minister on that issue greatly.
We are of course looking closely at those issues.
On the role that Iran plays in sponsoring Hamas, sponsoring Hezbollah and engaging in malign activity, we keep a close eye.
I stand by what I said at the Dispatch Box when I was Opposition spokesman on these matters, and I will work over the coming months to review the context of terrorist activity and state threats with the Home Secretary.