My right hon.
Friend may be aware of the Oxfam report showing that the IDF has almost systematically weaponised water in Gaza; there has been a 94% reduction in the water supply, to just five litres per person per day.
My right hon.
Friend spoke about dysentery and polio.
What does he believe the UK can do to assist the restoration of the water supply in Gaza?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s continued championing of these issues.
He is right to mention the importance of water.
I think it is now half a million people who are at category 5—the definition that constitutes starvation and famine—and in large part that is due to there being no access to clean water.
He knows of the scenes of sewage getting into the system.
The lack of clean water is a desperate situation.
In the end, what we need is a ceasefire, because only with a ceasefire can reconstruction work begin.
My right hon.
Friend was absolutely right to speak of the need for an immediate ceasefire and the need to restore funding to UNRWA.
I welcome both those moves.
He also spoke of the Government’s needing to make an assessment of Israeli compliance with international humanitarian law in Gaza, but the question then arises: after that assessment has been made, what is going to happen?
He said in his statement that the horror must end now, and indeed it must, but he has just explained to  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  that to cease supplying arms to Israel would cause, as he sees it, a greater problem.
What is the leverage that he has?
If the horror must end now, and it must, then this Government must be able to take some actions once they have reviewed and received the legal assessment that he has called for.
I am prepared to give him time to get that assessment, but I want to know what he is going to do once he has got it.
My hon.
Friend is very experienced, experienced enough to know that the minute any individual describes their leverage, that leverage is lost.
Therefore, if he will forgive me, I will not share that at the Dispatch Box at this stage.
However, the passion that lies behind his question is a concern that, for nine months, Foreign Secretaries have stood at this Dispatch Box and said that the aid must get in and that we must follow international humanitarian law—and now, months later, there is a new Foreign Secretary at the Dispatch Box and there are still serious concerns about international humanitarian law and the aid has simply not got in in the quantities needed.
He shares my frustration, and it was frustration indeed that I shared with leaders in Israel.