I am sorry, Mr Deputy Speaker; I was not bobbing, but I am happy to ask a question.
Are you sure it was me you were calling on?
Please go ahead.
The Clerks are struggling a bit with new Members.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend and his entire team on their positions, and thank him for the restoration of funding to UNRWA.
As someone who has worked in international development, I have seen the vital work those organisations play, and in particular those organisations under the United Nations umbrella, because they are where we can come together as an international force.
Does he agree that the solutions in the Israel-Palestine conflict are not necessarily solutions here in Parliament, but solutions that we will have to work with our international partners to build?
My hon.
Friend has got off to a good start.
She is right, first, because we have seen so many aid workers lose their lives and, secondly, because her emphasis on the partnerships that we have to strike with allies across the world is essential if we are to see the change that we need, particularly in Gaza but also in the Occupied Territories.
It is very welcome to see the Secretary of State and his team on the Front Bench as Britain’s voice in the world.
That has a particular significance for me, as one of my predecessors in the Livingston constituency was Robin Cook.
I know Robin Cook’s time in office and his thinking did much to inform the Secretary of State’s approach to his new role.
This statement is incredibly welcome, although it set out the horrific situation on the ground in Gaza.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is no peace without a two-state solution, and that opposing a two-state solution is wrong for both Israelis and the Palestinian people?
I am very grateful to have been asked a question by the new occupant of Robin Cook’s seat.
He was a stalwart and a champion of this cause.
I was grateful to come into this House when he was serving as Foreign Secretary, and in an article I wrote recently in Foreign Affairs I paid tribute to his work over many years.
The vote by the Knesset yesterday was hugely disappointing.
We believe passionately in two states.
I say to those who reject two states, “If you are a proponent of one state, you have to explain how everyone enjoys equality under the law.
And if you are a proponent of no state, you are effectively suggesting that occupation continues.”
That is unacceptable, I would have thought, to all Members of this House.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on becoming Foreign Secretary, and I welcome his statement outlining the restoration of UNRWA funding, for which Labour Members have been calling for a long time.
He will remember that many of us have raised the issue of humanitarian aid.
We met many aid organisations throughout the last Parliament, including Islamic Relief, which is based in my constituency, who told me, two days after  7 October , the harrowing story of losing contact with all their staff on the ground.
We know that blockades and restrictions are key issues, so will he outline how they will be lifted so that urgent aid can get to the people who need it?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and may I congratulate her on her remarkable speech at the beginning of the debate on the Address?
She has also raised these issues before.
We certainly share a Christian faith and have talked about our deep concern as people of faith, and I pay tribute to Islamic Relief for its work.
One issue is that Rafah is now closed, and it needs to reopen.
Another issue is not just the trucks getting across but the distribution once they are there.
Very sadly, the picture that is now being painted is one of lawlessness in Gaza: widespread looting from the trucks that get across, and, very sadly, a driver losing his life yesterday.
Her question is, as the people of Vauxhall and Camberwell Green would say, on point.