The situation in Gaza is, frankly, soul shattering.
It has been nearly 300 days, and the death toll stands at 38,000, with the vast majority of those killed being women and children.
Only three days ago, 22 people lost their lives in a strike on a UN-run school—the fifth attack on or near a school in the last eight days.
Those who survive the bombings are at severe risk of disease and malnutrition, against the backdrop of a medical system that has been completely decimated.
I warmly welcome the restoration of funding to UNRWA as a backbone of Gazan society, but the number of deaths will only increase exponentially now that polio has been found—The Lancet estimates that the number might reach 186,000.
This has to end now.
We need an immediate ceasefire, but we also need the hostages out and the aid in.
It is also right that we should start thinking about not just the next day, but how we stop this ever happening again.
There is only one viable answer, which is a two-state solution.
That is our north star, and it is the keystone to stability in the region.
I have to express disappointment that the Foreign Secretary refuses to pull the lever that would best signify our commitment to a two-state solution, which is to recognise the Palestinian state on 1967 borders.
Ireland, Spain and Norway did it in May.
Will he consider it?
If not, why not?
Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel actively rejects a Palestinian state, and we know that the fact a Palestinian state does not exist is Hamas’s rallying cry.
We must prove them wrong, so what is the Foreign Secretary doing to ensure that it happens?
The ICC has issued arrest warrants for Netanyahu, Gallant and Hamas leaders, but there is confusion about the Foreign Secretary’s position on the block.
Will he clarify that for the House today?
Finally, will he consider meeting me so that we can work together across the House to advance the cause of an immediate ceasefire and, most importantly, an enduring peace and a two-state solution?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady not just for her remarks, but for how she took up these issues in the last Parliament, which I am sure she will continue in this Parliament.
We are all reminded of her family’s plight in Gaza, particularly in those early months.
I welcome her support for restoring funding to UNRWA.
Many of our allies made that decision months ago, back in April and May, and I am sorry that it has taken a change of Government to look at it clearly and reach this point.
She is absolutely right to raise the huge concern about polio now taking hold in Gaza, alongside the tremendous growth in respiratory disease and diarrhoea, which can both lead to death if untreated.
There is no confusion on this party’s position on Palestinian recognition.
We are committed to Palestinian recognition.
We hope to work with partners to achieve that, when the circumstances are right.
I say to the hon.
Lady that it is my sincere hope that the Biden plan is adopted in the coming weeks, and that we get the immediate ceasefire that this party has been calling  for—it is now a good almost eight months since we have been calling for an immediate ceasefire.
Under those circumstances we can work with others, because Palestinian recognition is not the end, in and of itself; it is actually a two-state solution that is the end that we want to achieve.
The hon.
Lady is right that the chief prosecutor at the ICC has made his intention clear in relation to arrest warrants, but she will know that there are further hearings to determine whether they will actually be issued.
We have been two weeks in office.
It is right that I allow Treasury solicitors, lawyers and the Attorney General to assist me in any judgments that we have to make in relation to that.
I said in my statement that there is a process; it is a quasi-legal process that must be followed with all integrity, and I intend to do that.