The hon.
Member is right to praise the role of local government.
My experience in Wolverhampton was that the council stepped up and did a fantastic job for local citizens during the pandemic.
The financial position of local government is difficult; the financial position on a number of things is difficult.
I am afraid the truth is that I cannot stand here and promise to write big cheques for everything.
We did not say that we would do that during the election, and we will have to operate with a difficult—very difficult—economic inheritance.
Everything that we do has to be underpinned by economic stability and financial responsibility.
Tough as that is, I am afraid that we have seen the consequences of doing otherwise all too clearly in recent years.
In her report, Baroness Hallett said: “The UK government’s…pandemic strategy, from 2011, was outdated and lacked adaptability.
It was virtually abandoned on its first encounter with the pandemic.”
Can my right hon.
Friend give me an assurance that any future strategy will be robust and will be updated regularly?
One of the things that Baroness Hallett advises in her report is that every three years there is a proper exercise to test any plan and see whether it is fit for purpose.
That is an important recommendation to take away and consider.
It is difficult to plan for every possible risk.
This is not an easy thing to do, but it is really important to try to have the best possible systems in place between the centre of Government, between the Departments and, as we have said, between local authorities and the devolved Administrations too.
May I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the constructive way in which this has been approached, looking both at the things that went well and at the things we need to learn?
Having external scrutiny from the covid inquiry provides that lens.
As the Government look at the recommendations and begin to put plans in place, some of that will build on the work that was already being done and some, as he said, will be on things that need to improve.
I suggest that external scrutiny of the Government’s response is equally important.
Will he ask Lord Norton’s Statutory Inquiries Committee to monitor the Government’s response to the covid inquiry?
Scrutiny is always good, and I am sure that what we do will be scrutinised.
It is really important to have a proper dialogue with the public about these things, because it does no harm for us as citizens, and as Government Ministers, to have a conversation about resilience, about what we do in an emergency, and about we think about that.
We do not want to frighten anybody, but it is a good thing to do, and it is a proper role for Government to have a good dialogue with the public about this.
I visited the wall this week, and it was a stark reminder of my own experience during the pandemic.
I am an operating department  practitioner, and I worked in emergency maternity theatres during that time.
From day one, there was next to no strategy.
Staff were fighting over inadequate personal protective equipment.
We tried to speak up, but we were not heard.
We were given out-of-date masks, gowns that were ill-fitting and visors that just fell off our faces.
Even when colleagues sadly lost their lives to the disease, the chaos continued.
I sat with new mothers, holding their hands because their partners were not allowed to be with them.
We stood by the bedside of a colleague on life support as they lost their battle with covid.
Even now, staff are traumatised all over again when people who have waited so long for treatment cannot be helped.
Will this Government ensure that NHS staff can have an input in future pandemic planning, as it is we who know how best to protect our patients?
I am very, very grateful to my hon.
Friend for reflecting her experience.
There is nothing that I can add to the power of her words.
She is absolutely right that in planning for future pandemics, we have to listen to the voice of the staff, who are the people the country will rely on if we face any kind of similar emergency in future.
Members on both sides of the House will recognise that children and young people really felt the impact of the pandemic and the lockdowns on their mental health, their learning and their social and emotional development.
We all recognise that executive decisions have to be taken in an emergency to protect children and staff in schools, but I think the public were aghast that pubs and zoos opened before our schools and colleges.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman’s committee look at putting a proper process in place—potentially designating schools and colleges as national critical infrastructure—with this House taking a vote on any extended lockdowns of our schools and colleges if those ever need to be put in place, and with evidence taken from the Children’s Commissioner and our school and college leaders?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the pandemic’s impact on education through lost learning and, as I said in my statement, the great inequality that children suffered as a result of differential access to online learning.
Did they have a good wi-fi connection at home?
Did they have the equipment?
Was the school fully geared up to providing online learning?
The answer for some children to some of those questions was yes, but the answer for a lot of children was no.
It is really important in future planning that if we have to make a change, we ensure that it does not reinforce inequality but helps everyone.
I put on record my gratitude for the service of the staff at the Hospital of St Cross and of other healthcare workers and volunteers across my constituency of Rugby.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that failures of state in the pandemic, and in other cases, have often been due to under-investment and an ideological suspicion of the state among some, including, regrettably, some members of the last Government?
Does he agree that a party that puts service first and that believes in investing in our health service and wider Government will ensure that this country is far better ready for future crises?
My hon.
Friend talks about failures of state, and that is the essential finding in Baroness Hallett’s report: there were failures of state.
He also mentions ideology; I tried in my statement to make it clear that we would not take an ideological approach and that where the last Government had done good things in response to the pandemic, we would keep them.
But I also think that a change of Government after such a long period in power is an opportunity for fresh eyes—not necessarily in a partisan way, but having a different set of people to look at what has been done, keeping what is good and changing things if need be.
That is one of the advantages of a change of Government, regardless of political colour, after one has been in office for so many years.