Our renters’ rights Bill will give protection and security to tenants, as well as responsible landlords, levelling the playing field.
We will plug the gaps left by the last Government’s Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, tackling unregulated and unaffordable ground rents and strengthening leaseholders’ rights.
Our planning and infrastructure Bill will provide the extra homes we need, unblock stalled development sites and unveil the next generation of new towns.
My constituency has vast swathes of high-risk flood area—zones 2 and 3—and we see flooding every year; we saw it most notably in 2014, but also in January.
Will the right hon.
Lady’s planning reforms protect areas at high risk of flooding, so that they are not built on, making our flooding worse?
Order.
We have a lot of speakers to get through, including some maiden speakers, so I urge Front Benchers to make shorter speeches and take fewer interventions.
Otherwise, we are not going to get through these maiden speakers.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I will take your advice, and I apologise to Members for the fact that I will not take more interventions.
We have to grapple with these issues and work with those in these areas.
Obviously, flooding has been a major issue, and the Government will look at it.
It is devastating to people when their homes are flooded, and we have to look at these things in the round when looking at planning.
We will unveil the next generation of new towns, and we will learn the lessons of the past to create safe and beautiful homes and the sustainable green communities of the future.
This Government are fully committed to the 13 targets set under the Environment Act 2021, and we will work closely with my right hon.
Friend the Environment Secretary to ensure that we protect the environment and nature.
We will work with local leaders to ensure that these towns meet our gold standard of having 40% genuinely affordable housing, with homes for social rent a priority.
In some places, we will extend urban areas and regenerate them so that everyone benefits from better public transport and extra public services.
We are building not just homes but communities.