Debate resumed (Order,  18 July ).
Question again proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows: Most Gracious Sovereign, We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
It is an honour to open today’s King’s Speech debate on behalf of His Majesty’s Government, and it is the honour of my life to address the House for the first time as the Deputy Prime Minister.
We have been given a mandate by the British people to turn the page on 14 years of chaos and start the new chapter that they deserve.
That began with this week’s King’s Speech, but it is not the words that we offer; it is the action.
I know at first hand how Government can change lives for the better.
I say that not as a politician, but as someone whose life was changed for the better by the last Labour Government, and I am determined to do the same for others.
That is why we have set out a bold vision to smash the class ceiling, to get Britain building, and to improve the quality and standard of life for everyone everywhere across our country.
Let me give a huge welcome to all the new Members on the Government Benches, who are crucial in delivering that programme of national renewal.
I also extend a welcome to new Opposition Members.
We will disagree on much, I am sure, but we all share the honour and privilege of representing those who sent us here, so I wish the very best to all hon.
Members making their maiden speech today.
Just over nine years ago, when I made my maiden speech on behalf of the people of Ashton-under-Lyne, I pledged that I would always tell it as it is, and I think that is one promise I have kept.
Now I intend to fulfil another, because we promise the people of this country that we will serve their interests and not ours.
That starts with us having the honesty to say that we will not be able to put right the mess of the past 14 years immediately.
But after just two weeks, we have already made a difference by creating a national wealth fund to grow our economy; scrapping the failed Rwanda plan; lifting the near-decade-long ban on onshore wind; starting work on the 40,000 extra NHS appointments that people need each week, and on getting the 700,000 urgent dental appointments up and running; and resuming and expanding teacher recruitment.
In my Department, newly renamed the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, we will replace slogans with substance.
We are getting back to the real work of governing in the national interest.
We have already taken early steps to unblock our planning system, creating a new taskforce   to accelerate progress on stalled housing sites in our country, beginning with four that alone could deliver more than 14,000 of the homes that Britain so desperately needs.
The housing crisis is holding Britain back.
Too many families face soaring mortgage payments, or sky-high rents for damp, unsafe homes, and there are leaseholders who are trapped, facing eye-watering charges with no way out.
All this has been fuelled by the chronic housing shortage, after the last Government failed to meet their housing targets every single year.
Housing completions are now set to hit their lowest level since world war two.
We know we have a mountain to climb.
That is why we are already taking the first steps, starting with an overhaul of our planning system—a reform that will help us build the homes we need and speed up provision of the infrastructure to support them.
We are committed not just to an ambitious target for overall housing building, but to building the biggest wave of social and affordable housing for a generation.
That is a promise that we will bring back with meaningful housing targets.
It is right that local people have a say on what kind of houses are built and where, because our aim is not to build big, but to build well.
We will work with local government to plan new housing in the best possible places, with the infrastructure, public services and green spaces they need.
Social housing must be there when people need it, and affordable housing to own should be there when they want it.
I congratulate the Deputy Prime Minister on her new role.
My local councils in South Staffordshire and Dudley have worked hard to prepare local plans that provide the housing they have assessed that the local community needs, while also protecting key green belt.
Will the right hon.
Lady really tear up plans that have been adopted, or that are in the formal process of being adopted, if her bureaucrats feel that their assessment is better than the local council’s?