My hon.
Friend knows that I know Peterborough very well, having spent seven years of my life in that great cathedral city.
I have knocked on doors with him and know that this is an issue of great concern there.
We are absolutely committed to the two-state solution.
The global community has, for too many years, talked about it but not acted, and I recognise that there is now almost tremendous cynicism when that phrase is used, but there is no way out of this crisis without a plan for afterwards.
That plan must, of course, guarantee the security of Israel, but the Palestinian cause is a just cause, and we must work with Arab partners and build up the Palestinian Authority.
I spoke to them at length about what more we can do to assist them with the reforms that they need to make so that we can realise that.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to put on record our deep concern for the hostages, their families and their plight.
If they were released, we could end this now.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend to his position as the first Labour Foreign Secretary for 14 years, which is very welcome.
Does he agree that the UK’s extensive, long-standing diplomatic, economic, cultural and defence ties with the Gulf Arab and other middle eastern Governments mean that we are better placed to bring our influence to bear and work in co-operation with our international partners, in order to achieve a two-state solution that ensures a safe and secure Israel and a viable, sovereign and—one day, we hope—prosperous Palestinian state?
Can he also assure me that all will be done to enable British organisations and companies to play their fullest role in rebuilding Gaza’s infrastructure and economy?
I say to my hon.
Friend, the new Member for Rugby, that that is a very good question.
That is why in opposition, I spent so much time with partners in the region, talking to them about the future.
All of them want to be engaged, want peace and want to move towards a process of normalisation, but they are all crystal clear that that cannot happen by ignoring the plight of the Palestinian people, or without setting up a  road map to two states.
They are not prepared to reconstruct Gaza for this to happen yet again in 25 years’ time, so we have to work with them.
They play a critical role, but we must now get that immediate ceasefire.