I am more than happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the figures for Northern Ireland, as I have done in the past; he knows that I am always happy to do that.
On the timescale for payments, I have already indicated that the first payments for infected people will be out the door by the end of this year.
I have undertaken to bring forward regulations relating to the affected people, and to get them through the House—subject, of course, to the House’s approval—by  31 March  of next year, so that payments to the affected can start in 2025.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  9 December  will include: Monday 9 December —Remaining stages of the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill.
Tuesday 10 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day one).
Wednesday 11 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day two).
Thursday 12 December —General debate on Lord Etherton’s independent review into the treatment of LGBT veterans, followed by debate on a motion on the performance of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 13 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  16 December  will include: Monday 16 December —Second Reading of the Water (Special Measures)
Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 17 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill.
Wednesday 18 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Lords Spiritual (Women) Act 2015 (Extension) Bill
[Lords], followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Financial Assistance to Ukraine Bill, followed by remaining stages of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 19 December —General debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Christmas recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 19 December  and return on  Monday 6 January 2025 .
It is great to see that Christmas has come to the Palace of Westminster.
I hope, Mr Speaker, that you enjoyed the Christmas fayre yesterday, and that you loaded up on goods from Frank’s Luxury Biscuits from Herefordshire just as heavily as I did— I was wondering who ate all the biscuits.
And just in time for Small Business Saturday, too.
I understand that the Prime Minister will deliver a speech later today setting out his plan for change.
I must say, I am delighted—I am sure we all are—to hear that the Government are at last adopting a plan and are trying to change.
As we have so often noted at business questions, the Government’s first five months  have been a festival—no, a carnival, a supermarket sweep, a fill-your-boots, all-you-can-eat blunder-fest—of delay and incompetence.
You, Mr Speaker, more than any Member of this House, will be aware that the effective functioning of Parliament rests on its ability to hold Ministers to account.
That has been true since its origins in the 13th century, and arguably since even before that.
As you will know, the practice of seeking reasons and explanations for official actions, be they the passage of Bills or the raising of taxation, is not some useful add-on or afterthought; it is absolutely foundational to the whole idea of Parliament as a deliberative assembly, so I am sure that you will understand my disappointment that the Leader of the House has been so persistently unwilling to answer, or even address, the simple questions that I have put to her in recent weeks.
On  14 November , I drew attention to the Government’s incompetence in combining at the same time three measures on national insurance and the minimum wage in a way that drastically raises the cost of hiring entry-level staff, and I asked for an assessment of the total impact of those measures.
I am afraid that the Leader of the House’s response was to blame the previous Government, and to talk about employers who will pay no additional national insurance, a completely different group—quite irrelevant to the question asked.
On  21 November , I again highlighted this problem, and got the same response: blame the last Government and change the subject.
I also extended my concern about the Government’s incompetence to include their decision to bring the clean energy commitment forward from 2035 to 2030, and highlighted a vast array of public and official worries about whether this was either achievable or financially viable.
In response, I am sorry to say, the Leader of the House again did not engage with either question, instead accusing me of political opportunism.
Last week, we saw the same thing once more.
For the third time, I raised the question of Labour’s triple whammy in combining changes to national insurance rates and thresholds with changes to the minimum wage.
This time, the Leader of the House did not simply duck the question and change the subject; she also gave me the benefit of a little homily on the duties of the Opposition.
It is true that the duties of the Opposition are a topic on which, unlike the duties of Government, she has built up considerable expertise over more than a decade, but the real point is this: for a month now, I have been putting to the Leader of the House basic questions about the incompetence of this Government.
Many different responses were open to her.
She could have said, “I agree with you.”
She could have said, “I don’t know,” “I will look into it,” “I will reply to you,” “I will ask a ministerial colleague to investigate and respond,” or “I will come back to the House with a proper account,” but on no occasion has she bothered to give any kind of proper answer at all.
Instead—and I fear the same will be true this week—the Leader of the House’s approach has been to change the subject and attack the previous Government, rather than defend the record of her Government, which is the whole point of these exchanges.
Let us see what she says when she stands up shortly.
If the Government had made a decent start, of course she might want to talk about that, but the truth is that the Government have made a dreadful start.
They have been beset by petty  scandals from the beginning; they have destroyed business confidence through a Budget that is visibly unravelling before our eyes, and only this week, they have lost a Cabinet Minister to new revelations about a criminal conviction for fraud.
It is little wonder that the Prime Minister wants a reset.
The Leader of the House’s unwillingness to engage, and to recognise and respond to questions, is arguably more important than any aspect of policy, because it strikes at the heart of the very idea of our parliamentary democracy.
It is a discourtesy—indeed, possibly even an insult—to you, Mr Speaker, to all our colleagues and their constituents, and to this House.
It is made worse because the Leader of the House is responsible for parliamentary business and procedure, and should, one might think, set an example of openness.
It is worse still for two further reasons: because she herself has so often called for transparency from Ministers, and because a failure to be accountable is itself a breach of the rules of this House, of the Nolan principles and of the ministerial code of conduct.
That is quite a combination, so I ask her whether she plans to continue as she has done, or whether she will change this unfortunate habit and start to engage with the serious questions that I have been asking.
First, I put on record that Tuesday was International Day of Persons with Disabilities, and note that the House of Commons now has more disabled Members than ever before.
I commend their contribution, and look forward to working with them through the Modernisation Committee, and with you, Mr Speaker, to make sure that this place and our politics are as accessible as they can be.
As has been mentioned, this Saturday is Small Business Saturday, when we celebrate the heart of all our high streets.
In these sessions, I like to hear about many of our constituents’ great cafés, and in particular their bars, especially when an invitation for me to visit follows.
I also put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, for the way proceedings were handled last Friday, and to all of those who took part in the debate on assisted dying, or were in the Chamber for it.
That debate was respectful, considered and thoughtful.
Whatever view we each took, it was a moment when huge attention was on us, and I thought our democracy and our Parliament showed itself at its best.
Members will see that there are lots of important issues and much important business in the run-up to Christmas.
Two thirds of the Bills that we announced in our King’s Speech are now making their way through Parliament.
The rail franchising Bill has received Royal Assent; the Renters’ Rights Bill has completed Committee; and our important Budget measures will soon be passed.
We are fixing the foundations and getting on with the job.
As has been noted, copies of the “Plan for Change” will be available in the Vote Office shortly, ahead of the statement later today.
It is another week, and another misjudged and confused contribution from the shadow Leader of the House.
He really does need to work out what the Conservative strategy for opposition is.
Is it to tell people across the country that they never had it so good as when the Conservatives were in office, or to learn from defeat and accept that they got things wrong?
I gently advise them to listen to the voters, because acting as if they did nothing wrong and accepting no responsibility will not  do them any good at all.
If the right hon.
Gentleman does not want to take my advice, perhaps he should listen to his own, because he said that the Conservatives suffered from “many disastrous recent failures of policy and leadership”, and I agree.
He said we inherited a “struggling” economy and “anaemic” growth; I agree with that, too.
I also agreed with him when he was a champion of net zero, and when he was Financial Secretary to the Treasury, he was right to care about economic stability.
I agreed with him; does he still agree with him?
I am not quite sure.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about scrutiny of legislation and debate, but I gently remind him that we have had many debates on the Finance Bill, on the Budget, and the on the national insurance contributions Bill, which is coming back to the House next week and before Christmas.
I must remind him yet again, I am afraid, that he was Financial Secretary to the Treasury when the national insurance contributions were raised not just on business but on workers; he said that was a thoroughly “Conservative thing to do.”
He was also a Treasury Minister when the minimum wage was raised.
He has had plenty of time to come to this House and explain why he thought that was okay then but not okay now.
The right hon.
Gentleman raised the topic of the economy, but he failed to mention one of the big economic forecasts out this week, from the OECD, which shows that the UK is now forecast to be the fastest growing European economy in the G7 over the next three years.
He did not mention that when he was talking about the economy.
We have always been clear that growth only matters when ordinary people right around the country feel better off and see public services improve; that is the difference between our economic plans and his.
We have a plan for change; the Conservatives have yet to change—they are yet to learn their own lessons.
We are laying out today how we will deliver our clear outcomes.
The right hon.
Gentleman might not like them, because the Conservatives failed on all their measures, which is why they lost the election.
While he and the rest of his party shout from the sidelines and try to rewrite history, we are delivering the real change that the public voted for.
My right hon.
Friend knows that on occasion, this House can come to agreement about key pieces of legislation.
In the last Parliament, one such piece of legislation was the Football Governance Bill.
Will she give an update on its progress in this Parliament and consider granting time for a debate on the sustainability of football?
I am really pleased and proud that this Government have brought back a strengthened Football Governance Bill; it is being considered in the House of Lords.
The Conservatives supported it when they were in government, but I have to say that the behaviour of Conservative peers in the House of Lords does not suggest that the Conservatives are still in favour of it, because they have tabled hundreds of amendments to slow down progress of that important Bill.
If they still care about putting fans back at the heart of our football, and making sure that we have a sustainable football industry in the future, perhaps they should tell their colleagues in the other place to pipe down.