The Liberal Democrats are glad that the Government have committed to resetting our relationship with the EU, and that the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary are actively engaging to rebuild trust and our relationships with our European neighbours through meetings with the European Commission and the Foreign Affairs Council.
Establishing a UK-EU youth mobility scheme would mirror existing capped arrangements that the UK already has with 13 countries, including Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Delivering such a scheme would provide a return on investment in the form of soft power that was never seemingly factored into the approach of the previous Conservative Government.
Will the Minister confirm that he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of a youth mobility scheme between the United Kingdom and the European Union?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the importance of the Foreign Secretary’s attendance at the Foreign Affairs Council.
It is hugely important that we work together with our European partners on security, particularly in the dangerous world environment we find ourselves in at the moment.
On youth mobility, we have of course listened to what the EU has to say, but we have no plans for a youth mobility scheme and we will not return to freedom of movement.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
I spent the last few weeks meeting small and medium-sized enterprises, voluntary and community sector organisations, wider businesses and contracting authorities to discuss how we ensure that the approximately £300 billion that is spent each year on public sector procurement delivers for our communities.
With this Government, procurement will deliver value for money, better public services and our national missions.
The Procurement Act 2023 commences in February 2025, creating a simpler, more flexible procurement system under- pinned by a new mission-led national procurement policy statement to ensure that public procurement delivers on the Government’s missions.
Small businesses are a crucial part of the economy in Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch.
There are huge opportunities to help them further, and one way of doing that is to work across the public sector and with local authorities—in my case, North Lanarkshire and East Dunbartonshire councils, with contracts as big as the redevelopment of Cumbernauld town centre.
Will the Minister work with local authorities and the Scottish Government to help more small businesses to bid successfully for contracts?
It is critical that we open up public procurement to small businesses.
As I have said, £300 billion is a huge amount of public money, and the opportunity to ensure that small and medium-sized enterprises have access to that is also critical.
As my hon.
Friend said, SMEs are rooted in our communities, and provide local, often good-quality jobs.
We are taking action now to crack down on late payments that hit the cash flow of small businesses.
The Chancellor announced recently that companies bidding for large Government contracts would be excluded from the procurement process if they did not pay their own suppliers within an average of 45 days.
The last Government promised to give more contracts through procurement to small businesses, but failed to do so for 14 years.
Instead, they chose to use Government contracting to support their mates through covid.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government will use the power of Government spending to contract directly with small businesses to support local companies and economies across the country, in stark contrast to the Conservative party’s enrichment of their mates?
As I have said, we will work hard to ensure that public contracts are supporting small businesses.
I have spent a lot of time talking to them about how we  can do that through the new public procurement policy and the measures in the policy statement.
This week the Chancellor announced the appointment of a new covid corruption commissioner, who will be taking action to recover public money.
The residents of Falkirk want a Government who work day in, day out to deliver value for money for the taxpayer.
Never has that been so true as now, given the broken public finances left by the Tories and 17 years of waste and inaction from the Scottish National party up the road.
Does the Minister agree that the billions we spend on public procurement must deliver value for the taxpayer, and can she tell me what steps the Government are taking to ensure that that is the case?
When our public services are facing so much strain and desperately need rebuilding, it is critical that we cut waste and deliver value for money.
Under the last Government the procurement system too often failed to drive that efficiency, as was shown by the shocking levels of fraud and waste during the pandemic.
We will bring new transparency to public sector procurement, along with a relentless focus on fraud.
Gross spending on public procurement was £400 billion last year.
What is the Government’s precise target for delivering greater savings from that budget?
That £400 billion is an enormous amount of money, and we need to ensure that it is going into growth, delivering for our communities and SMEs, and delivering on our missions.
We are determined to act on procurement and reduce inefficiency, and we will provide further information about that in February.
We cannot take lessons from the Conservative party about cutting waste inefficiencies, given that they oversaw gross mismanagement—Lord Agnew himself referred to “schoolboy errors”—in the delivery of procurement for this country.
The focus on public procurement will be welcomed by SMEs in the cyber-security sector in my constituency.
CyNam has thousands of members, and when I talk to its SMEs they tell me that there is a real risk of our losing talent in the start-ups community to cities abroad such as Lisbon and Toronto.
Can the Minister confirm that the steps being taken by the Government are good news for SMEs and Cynam?
As I have said, I firmly believe that we need to support SMEs, and I should be more than happy to speak to those in the hon.
Member’s constituency and discuss the opportunities that are available.
There is so much innovation and talent in this country.
We need to ensure that public sector money is supporting our growth mission, and supporting good businesses in communities such as those in his constituency.