My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It just should not be the case, in a modern legislature, that there are places reserved for people by accident of birth.
The Bill has now passed this House unamended.
As I have indicated, it will now go before the other place for Second Reading next week.
We want to get that Bill on to the statute book as soon as possible.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As I said a few moments ago, last week I addressed the NATO cyber-defence conference about the increasingly aggressive and reckless behaviour from Russia, in particular in the cyber-realm, including attacks on NATO members.
I made it clear that no one will intimidate us into weakening our support for Ukraine.
I also announced the Laboratory for AI Security Research and a new incident unit to help our allies respond to cyber-attacks against them.
We promised to make a tangible difference to people’s lives.
I will shortly be setting out in this House our ambitious plan for change over the next few years, and copies of that plan will be made available to Members in advance of the statement.
During the recent debate on the infected blood compensation scheme, the Government made promising indications regarding boosting engagement with affected groups.
Victims and their families in Mid Sussex and across the country have been waiting for decades for answers.
It is essential that people begin to receive the compensation that is so long overdue.
Why did the Government make last-minute changes to the accepted documents for interim compensation claims required from the estates of people who died after receiving contaminated blood and blood products?
Will the right hon.
Gentleman tell me what action is being taken to tackle the unacceptable delays?
Order.
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that we are now on topicals, which are meant to be short and punchy.
Today, we seem to have a bit of time, but please try to help each other.
Let me assure the hon.
Lady
that my right hon.
Friend the Paymaster General, who leads on this, is fully aware of the issues she has raised.
He is working with the groups affected and is determined to ensure that initial payments are out by the end of the year.
This  Government have rightly made tackling child poverty a top priority.
Of course, this is not a children problem but a society problem, so I welcome the cross-Departmental approach that has been taken.
Last week, the “Get Britain Working” White Paper was published.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that helping people, particularly parents, into decent, well-paid jobs is a key part of that agenda?
It is shameful that child poverty increased by 700,000 under the last Government.
Tackling child poverty is at the heart of this Government’s mission.
The child poverty taskforce, which I sit on, will publish its strategy in the spring.
Increasing the number of parents who are working, and their earnings and hours, plays a crucial role and that is why our plans to get Britain working and the Employment Rights Bill are important in tackling the scourge of child poverty.