Order.
We have to get through the list.
Give me a chance to get through it—we are only on question 6.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology on the potential merits of designating genomics databases as critical national infrastructure.
Genomics is a great British success story, and our genomics databases are vital for world-leading life sciences and health research.
The organisations that have such databases have to provide data protection and security training, and have to make sure that researchers can access data only for approved purposes.
The opportunities come with risks, which is why the Government will always try to minimise the risks of biological data to protect our bio-economy.
We are working on this issue across Government Departments and through our national security structures.
I take it that genomics databases will not be designated as critical national infrastructure, then, which was the question.
As the Government seek to reset the relationship with China, will Ministers be mindful of the old maxim that you need a long-handled spoon to sup with the devil, and of the fact that Chinese genomics companies such as BGI do not behave as normal commercial competitors?
Will the Secretary of State ensure that the interests of British genomics are not left vulnerable as a consequence of any reset relationship?
The right hon.
Member asks a very important question about the twin interests of national security and economic growth.
In this territory, we work with UK organisations that hold genomic data to make sure that they have robust data protection systems in place, and our security services give them advice on these matters on a regular basis, so that our pursuit of growth does not conflict with our very important national security objectives.
What steps he is taking to increase national resilience.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
The Government’s first responsibility is to keep the public safe, which is why national resilience is a top priority for us.
In July, I announced that I would lead a review of resilience, and work has been progressing across Government.
We have engaged at all levels with the public, private and voluntary sectors, and this work is overseen by the dedicated resilience sub-committee of the National Security Council, which I chair.
It is also closely linked to our consideration of the covid inquiry module 1 report, to which the Government will respond next month—within the six-month timeframe set out by the chair of the inquiry.
The module 1 report recommended resilience and preparedness, and particularly “Bringing in external expertise from outside government and the Civil Service to…guard against ‘groupthink’”.
How is the Minister planning to bring in that external expertise?
Would he consider issuing a brochure to British citizens on preparation for crises, as the Swedish Government have just done?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Ms Oppong-Asare) , has done a great deal of work on consulting people outside Government—external experts across business, the voluntary sector, local government and so on.
It is really important that, as part of this, we hear voices not just from Whitehall but from beyond, too.
The module 1 report of the UK covid-19 inquiry has found that the impact was most acutely felt by the most vulnerable—the elderly, those with pre-existing health conditions, people living in overcrowded housing, and those on low incomes.
As the Government undertake their review, can the Minister assure the House that they will work to deliver resilience for everyone, not just some of us?
This is such an important point.
If resilience is to mean anything, it has to be for us all, not just for some.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that one of the lessons of past tragedies, whether it is covid-19, Grenfell Tower or others, is that it is often the most vulnerable in our society who are hardest hit.
That is  why it is so important that we learn the lessons of the past and have support for the most vulnerable at the heart of our work.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend the Member for Erith and Thamesmead, recently met senior representatives from a range of organisations that support people who are disproportionately impacted by emergencies and crises to make sure that resilience is, indeed, for all, and not just for some.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber-security.
As I set out in my speech to the NATO cyber-defence conference last week, we are working to strengthen the UK’s cyber-resilience, but there is, of course, still more to do.
In the King’s Speech, we announced that the Government will bring forward a cyber-security and resilience Bill, which will help to strengthen the UK’s cyber-defences and our work with industry to help to make the UK a safe place to live and work online.
I stress to the House that this is an ongoing effort.
It can never be perfect, but we are constantly working to make sure we have the strongest cyber-defences possible.
The college in Ebbw Vale has a brilliant cyber security course training young people for jobs in this growing sector.
However, the national cyber-security chief says there is a “widening gap” between the UK’s defences and the threats posed by hostile nations, so can the Minister confirm what is being done to scale up the workforce to defend our crucial infrastructure?
I congratulate the college in Ebbw Vale on its brilliant cyber-security course.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the threat, which is why I spoke at the NATO cyber-defence conference last week.
State and non-state actors are constantly probing our defences.
It is a constant effort to keep those defences strong, and we are determined to work not only with education but with business and our critical national infrastructure to make sure we are as well protected as we can be against the threats we face.
Security is no longer just about hard military power; it is also about cyber-security, which is why that has to be a real priority for the Government.
What job vacancies in the Prime Minister's Office are being advertised.
There are currently four vacancies in the Prime Minister’s office that are being advertised.
These roles are all advertised across the civil service or externally.
The House will also have seen that the Prime Minister announced the appointment of Sir Chris Wormald as the new Cabinet Secretary earlier this week.
I am sure the whole House will join me in congratulating him on his appointment.
I personally would be delighted to welcome the new Cabinet Secretary to his role.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but in her list I did not hear her say whether the Cabinet Office is hiring a new Prime Minister’s envoy to the nations and regions, to carry out the vital work that was about to be done by Sue Gray when she decided not to take the job.
Is the Cabinet Office hiring another person to undertake that role?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have a curious interest in jobs at No. 10.
If he is considering a career change, I would be very happy to have a private word with him.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
As a former council leader, I have seen at first hand the crisis in public services, with people falling between the cracks of systems that are under extreme strain.
To reform that, we need to get out of Whitehall and support workers across the public sector to do things differently.
From intervening early to support families, a White Paper overhauling employment support and an ambitious programme of reforms of the NHS, this Government are determined to reform public services to deliver for citizens.
Under the Conservative party, too much taxpayers’ money was wasted on projects and schemes that simply did not work.
Does the Minister agree with me that in order to improve healthcare services, including mental health services, educational opportunities and social services, as well as transport provision and public safety in my constituency of Wolverhampton West, it is vital that the Government continue their tests and refine their policies to ensure they are effective, and continue to be effective?
I wholeheartedly agree with that.
I heard too often from those on the frontline that they are fed up with policy being made in a closed room in Whitehall, and not with those who have real experience of the frontline.
The Budget announced the introduction of a public sector reform and innovation fund to support us to test and learn with places around the UK.
We are learning from the best evidence across the public sector.
On Monday, I met representatives from all the What Work centres across Government, to understand the evidence of what works and how we can scale that to deliver for communities around the country.
We all remember that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Centre undertook that there would be no additional money going into the NHS without securing reform.
That, like so many other broken promises, was dropped, and £22 billion or £25 billion—whatever it is—of funding was announced.
Then afterwards he repeated the pledge that there would be no extra money without reform.
Well, the cat is out of the bag.
Will the Minister give the undertaking today, on behalf of the Government, that never again will we see vast increases in public expenditure without reform of public services, because we need an improvement in productivity, not just additional spending?
I am surprised to hear a Member on the Conservative Benches express concern about money that is desperately needed going into our NHS, when people are waiting for GP appointments and in ambulances.
Under the Conservative party, police officers would spend hours sitting with people with mental health concerns.
Is that productivity?
The Secretary of State has set out an incredibly ambitious reform agenda for the NHS, moving resources into prevention and taking account of the amazing opportunities in digital technology to give people more control over their own health.
Labour is the party that backs the NHS and fixes the mess left by the previous Government.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
The Government have brought forward the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers)
Bill as an immediate first step in reform.
That will remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
The Bill passed this House unamended and will have its Second Reading in the other place next week.
In addition, I am proud to announce today that I have laid a written ministerial statement that will ensure that political parties nominating people for peerages in the other place will now have to publish, alongside the nomination, a 150 word summary as to why they are putting that person forward.
That is another reform that this Government are proud to announce as part of our wider agenda.