The Prime Minister is very engaged in the delivery of these missions, and meets for missions stocktakes regularly with the Secretaries of State in charge.
That is the benefit of having this kind of programme: the Prime Minister can personally hold Secretaries of State to account and ensure they are all focused on delivery of the Government’s priorities.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: as the holder of two shadow portfolios, I get double the money.
[Laughter.]
I am sorry not to hear an explanation for why the Prime Minister has gone back on his word.
There are growing concerns that the mission delivery boards are not being taken seriously.
Those concerns were felt by members of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee yesterday, when the right hon.
Gentleman’s very capable permanent secretary said that “the governance and the wiring of how we do this might not be immediately observable”, which is a masterful piece of civil service phraseology if ever there was one.
These boards are not Cabinet Sub-Committees, which means they are not authorised to make policy.
The Prime Minister is not there, so his authority is absent.
The Government will not reveal who is on them, what they discuss or when they meet.
They are starting to sound like figments of the Government’s imagination—a litter of Schrödinger’s cats.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman at least commit to regular published updates on what each of the boards is doing, who sits on them, what decisions they make, what work they are undertaking and what achievements they have achieved?
The hon.
Gentleman is going to get a published update in a couple of hours, when he will receive a very full account of what the boards have been doing, how they have been prioritising their work and what the next steps are.
He is a former Cabinet Office Minister, so he will know that one of the wonderful things about the Cabinet Office is that it does a great deal of work under the bonnet—sometimes not in the full gaze of publicity—and that that is the privilege of all of us who have served in the Cabinet Office.
That is true of this work.
However, we are publishing a very important update later this morning.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce trade barriers with the EU.