Due to our dire economic inheritance, it is vital that every penny of public money is spent wisely.
In my constituency of Harlow, £29 million was spent on Sir Frederick Gibberd College only for it to be deemed unsafe and to be pulled down.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that we spend money wisely, that we do not spend unnecessary money on unnecessary consultants, and that we get the best for the people of Harlow?
Under the Conservative Government, too much taxpayers’ money was wasted on eye-watering consultancy contracts.
We are taking steps to stop all non-essential Government consultancy spending this year and halve Government spending on consultancy in future years.
[Interruption.]
It might be hard for Conservative Members to hear about their record, but it is harder for us to live with it.
Last week, the Government released their latest departmental lobbying transparency data.
The data was two months late and relates to the last months of the previous Government, namely April to June 2024.
The public will learn who the new Government met during their first weeks in power only at the end of December, a full six months after the election, and that is only if the data is released on time.
UK lobbying rules have more holes than Swiss cheese, so will the Government set a timeline for creating a central database of departmental transparency data, with monthly updates, thereby closing the litany of loopholes in the current lobbying rules?
The Government are committed to transparency around lobbying.
That is why we will have regular transparency updates.
The approach that we take will frankly be in stark contrast with that of the Government who preceded us.
Last week, I listened earnestly to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster at the cyber-security conference,  which was timely, given that my local council was subject to a cyber-attack, possibly by a foreign actor, just in the last four weeks.
What measures has he undertaken to improve cyber-security resilience in local councils and critical national infrastructure that might impact us in the future?
I am very sorry to hear about the cyber-attack against my hon.
Friend’s local authority.
Such attacks can have a serious impact on local residents.
As I said in my speech to the NATO cyber-defence conference last week, the Government are determined to strengthen cyber-resilience in the UK.
We publish guidance on it and meet with stakeholders.
Advice is available from the National Cyber Security Centre.
In October, the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government launched the cyber assessment framework for local government, which is particularly geared at the local authorities about which he speaks.
“What now for our special envoy?” lament the people of Scotland, now that Sue Gray has told the Prime Minister what he can do with his job offer.
In the spirit of cross-border co-operation, might I suggest that the Minister informs No. 10 that we have known all along that this has been nothing more than an embarrassing fiasco, and a cynical face-saving attempt by the Prime Minister, who must think we button up the back?
I thought that the hon.
Member was going to give me a Christmas greeting, but I am still waiting.
In the absence of any envoys, he will have to put up with me instead, as the Minister for intergovernmental relations.
It is a part of my job that I take very seriously, for perhaps obvious reasons.
I enjoyed my conversations yesterday with the First Minister of Scotland, the First Minister of Wales, and the First Minister and Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland.
I will keep having such conversations.
In the light of today’s very important announcements about the mission milestones, could we hear a bit about the important work of the mission boards, which have led us to this point?
I will have more to say on this shortly, but it is important that Governments set out what they are trying to do and on what timescale, particularly when we have an atmosphere in politics—this is the serious point—of a lack of faith among many in the electorate in the ability of Governments of any stripe to deliver.
We take that seriously, and want to do something about it.
Next Tuesday, the Northern Ireland Assembly is to be invited to agree that the European Parliament should make its laws for the next four years in 300 areas of law affecting Northern Ireland.
The Cabinet Office issued an explanatory document that does not set out what was meant to be set out, according to the Windsor framework.
Article 18 said that the process would be conducted “strictly in accordance with” the UK unilateral declaration of October 2019.
That declaration required a public consultation.
There has been no public consultation.
Why is that, and why is the matter proceeding in the absence of it?
I will of course look at the specific document that the hon.
and learned Gentleman refers to.
He also referred to the important consent vote taking place in the Northern Ireland Assembly next week.
This Government support the Windsor framework.
That is why, when we were in opposition, we voted with the then Government to support it.
We are committed to implementing it in good faith, and that is what this Government will do.
Public procurement is a vital lever for delivering our growth mission, and growth must be felt by people in every part of our country.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that when taxpayers’ money is spent on private contracts, the key workers delivering the contract and local communities such as mine in Darlington maximise the benefits of that public money?