In addition to the business announced by the Leader of the House, next Thursday in Westminster Hall there will be debates on Disability History Month and the opportunities for floating offshore wind power in the Celtic sea.
On  Tuesday 17 December , with your permission, Mr Speaker, there will be a debate on the impact of Old Oak Common on rail services to the west and to Wales.
There are opportunities for the two remaining debates in Westminster Hall on  Thursday 19 December .
I remind colleagues that the Committee is closely monitoring those people who sign applications and say they will speak in debates but then fail to turn up.
Yesterday, I met representatives of the Afghan community.
This is another of those areas that has been neglected following the general election, with people in Afghanistan in fear of their lives because of the Taliban.
Equally, the oppression of women in Afghanistan is outrageous and needs to be called out.
There also seems to be a change of policy at the Home Office in respect of issuing visas to people fleeing Afghanistan.
Can we have a statement on the Floor of the House on what policy the Government are following to help and assist these vulnerable people at a time of terrible trouble?
First, I join the hon.
Gentleman in advertising all the debates that happen in Westminster Hall, and I encourage colleagues to attend them more often.
The hon.
Gentleman raises the important matter of those fleeing persecution, especially women fleeing the situation in Afghanistan.
This Government have always taken a positive view of these issues, as did the previous Government.
I will ensure that he gets a full reply on that matter.
This week, Gordon Brown and the US ambassador to the UK jointly launched a new £6 million investment by Comic Relief and Amazon UK in the Multibank project, which is a fantastic initiative that donates surplus stock from companies to families in real need—everything from basics like baby clothes and bedding to household products.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating John Shaw of Littleborough, who was named Rochdale man of the year recently, for his charitable work for organisations such as Multibank?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating John Shaw, Rochdale’s man of the year—perhaps an award that my hon.
Friend might one day be lucky enough to receive—for all his work with Multibank, which does great charitable work.
Despite the valiant effort of Superintendent Simon Hutchison of Romford police, who does a superb job looking after my constituency, in the London borough of Havering we do not get the police cover that we pay for.
The Mayor of London is not being fair to Romford.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that we have a debate about police reform in the Greater London area, so that places such as Romford get police on the streets, looking after the community?
We will soon have a debate about police reform, when we bring forward the crime and policing Bill next year.
This Government are putting 13,000 extra police officers on the beat, bringing in respect orders and taking tough action—more police and more powers —so that police in his constituency can get on with the job that they need to do.
I have been supporting constituents in North East Derbyshire who face many issues with their new build homes.
The construction quality can be poor, communication with the developers unsatisfactory, and key landscaping left unfinished.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate on the responsibility of developers?
First, I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her recent engagement to another Member of this House, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher) .
We have a new power couple emerging on the Back Benches.
She raises some serious points.
The Government are looking at giving the New Homes Ombudsman Service the powers it needs to investigate and resolve complaints.
I will ensure that the House is informed of that as it progresses.
The right hon.
Lady will be aware from her constituency of the economic value that HOME has brought as a venue for theatre and the arts.
In Salisbury, we have a new executive director of Salisbury Playhouse.
Will she ensure that, when thinking about regeneration, Ministers from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government come together to centre investment in our high streets on the therapeutic value of arts and culture?
That has had such an impact in many other places, and it now must happen in Salisbury.
I absolutely agree that the cultural and leisure offer is vital to regeneration and to bringing together our town centres and communities like his in Salisbury.
Those Departments are already coming together, and that will continue when we consider how to create great places such as Salisbury.
At the Excel parking on Copeland Street in Derby, some residents are getting parking fines if they do not pay for their parking within five minutes.
I am pleased that the Government will drive up standards in the private parking sector and are on the side of motorists.
Could we have an update from a Local Government Minister on when the new code of practice for private parking will be published?
I suggest that a five-minute rip-off charge is an example of what needs to go.
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights a pretty scandalous case of private parking charges in her constituency.
As she said, we will soon announce our plans for the new code of practice, and I will ensure that the House hears about that first.
Rachel was a village postmistress in my constituency, and her life was smashed to pieces by the Horizon scandal.
Her claim was decided by a body of professionals put together to work these things out.
It was submitted, and the Post Office had 40 days to respond.
On the 38th day, the Post Office asked two questions, which were answered on day 39, but the timetable was reset right back to zero.
She is now 23 days into the second lot of 40 days, and she still has no offer.
She says it is “mentally battering”, and I say it is not fair.
Can we have a debate on how we stop big corporations, and the Post Office in particular, playing games with little people, whom they have ruined—financially and reputationally—and continue to bully?
I am sorry to hear about Rachel’s situation.
The hon.
Member is right that sub-postmasters have waited too long for justice, and they continue to wait too long for compensation.
This Government have set aside for the first time a proper budget to deal with this.
We will act swiftly, and I will ensure that the House is continually updated.
In Doncaster, Thorne and the Isle of Axholme, we are proud to be the home of a few branches of the Lions charity.
Each year, in the run-up to Christmas, I feed myself up and swap my usual suit and red tie for a very different festive outfit.
The Lions sleigh and volunteers bring Father Christmas to the doorsteps of thousands of smiling children.
Will the Leader of the House join me in praising the hard work of the volunteers and their dedication, and wish the Thorne, Doncaster and Isle of Axholme Lions every success in smashing their fundraising goals this Christmas?
I hope to see some fancy dress going on as we approach Christmas, although I am not sure Mr Speaker would allow it in the Chamber.
I join my hon.
Friend in praising the work of volunteer groups such as the Doncaster Lions in his constituency, which he does every week in these sessions.
I hope he continues to do so.
My constituents in Boston and Skegness and people across the whole of Lincolnshire are concerned about the uncertainty surrounding British Steel.
There were reports this week that it might be on the verge of collapse.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that there is a ministerial statement to update us on the position, with a guarantee that British Steel will not be allowed to close?
The Government are working flat-out to protect British Steel, because it is vital to our future economy and our security.
We have made some statements to the House about progress, but I will ensure that this House is the first place to hear about any developments.
Community pharmacies are becoming an increasingly important part of our place-based healthcare provision, so I am  pleased that our Government are committing to more localised delivery.
None the less, numerous pharmacies in the St Austell and Newquay constituency have closed in recent years, thanks to a shocking contract under the last Government.
What discussions has the Leader of the House had with Department of Health and Social Care colleagues regarding pharmacies to ensure that they are properly remunerated for the services they provide and that the sustainability of the operating model is secure?
Community pharmacies play a vital role in ensuring that healthcare is delivered and is based in our communities.
I will ensure that the Department of Health and Social Care has heard my hon.
Friend’s question today.
It would make a good Backbench Business or Westminster Hall debate, as I know there is a vacancy for them.
Will the Leader of the House provide time for a debate about free trade and how best to approach the incoming American Administration to secure a free trade agreement?
Will she remind her right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister that we already have a free trade agreement with the European Union, but we do not with the United States, which is our single biggest national trading partner?
Such an agreement would be greatly to our advantage, rather than aligning with the EU, which might see the United Kingdom subjected to the American tariffs applied to the EU.
That would be very much to our disadvantage.
As the Prime Minister made clear the other evening in his speech at the Guildhall, we do not see this as an either/or.
Both are crucial partners, and we will pursue the best free trade agreements we can get with the United States and with others, just as we have one already with the EU.
These things are a delicate balance, and I am afraid that too many of the trade deals signed by the previous Government signed away many of our farmers in this country.
Perhaps that is something the Conservatives should consider.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating all the winners of the Saltires, Scotland’s national book awards, particularly Jen Stout for her courageous and compassionate dispatches from the frontline in Ukraine?
On a lighter note, I congratulate all the Gaelic singers and musicians who triumphed at the Trads in Inverness at the weekend.
Will she find Government time for a debate on the Scottish arts, so as to encourage Creative Scotland and the Scottish Government to carry on funding events such as the Eilean Dorcha festival and HebCelt and the dynamic galleries of An Lanntair and Taigh Chearsabhagh in my constituency?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Jen Stout and the other winners of the awards he mentions.
As others have done, he raises the importance of culture to local communities.
He will know this is a devolved matter, and that the Scottish Government, thanks to this Government’s Budget, now have the funds and the powers they need to continue supporting art organisations like his.
Today, a hugely significant report from Amnesty International finds that Israel has perpetrated three acts against Palestinians in Gaza that are prohibited under the genocide convention.
The Government have repeatedly said that it is for judicial bodies to determine whether genocide is taking place, but that utterly fails to take account of the obligation to prevent under the convention.
If the Government have a duty to prevent, they cannot wait until a court has made a determination before taking action to—again, I emphasise—prevent.
In the light of Amnesty’s report, would the Government be prepared to make time to debate this matter, which goes to the heart of UK compliance with international law?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue, and I think the whole House will join in saying that we want an immediate ceasefire.
Far too many civilians have died in this conflict, and it is time it came to an urgent end.
What we need is a long-term path to a two-state solution with a fully recognised state of Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel, and that is what this Government will continue to work towards.
I will ensure that there is time to consider some of the issues she has raised.
I am frequently contacted by constituents of mine in Haltwhistle who are outraged by the empty buildings that pockmark the town.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time on how we can re-energise towns such as Haltwhistle so that they can fuel the growth that this country desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Breathing new life into our high streets is a priority of this Government.
We have a range of measures around business rates, devolution of powers and support for local communities that are coming, and I will ensure that the House is always updated.
Dunoon Mugs, based in Stone, is celebrating 50 years producing some of the world’s greatest ceramics.
Can we have a debate not just to celebrate the amazing work of our potters in Staffordshire but on how we secure their future ?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises the future of ceramics, which is so important to his constituency and the surrounding region.
It is one of our important, long-standing industries.
I am sure that if he were to apply for a debate—as long as he adds his name and then turns up for it—he might get one of the slots that are going.
Today,  5 December , is International Volunteer Day.
In the interests of time, I will not list all the voluntary organisations, volunteer groups and roles in my constituency, but the contribution they make is vital.
May we have a debate in Government time to celebrate the contribution that volunteers make to our local communities?