Sadly, it is difficult to deny that there have been many times in recent years when debate in this House has not been of the highest quality, when Members have not shown the public their best side, and when, dare I say, some have perhaps lost a little of their sense of perspective, as could be seen in the way they conducted themselves.
But as the Leader of the House has said, the debate on the private Member’s Bill last Friday was entirely different.
It was measured, respectful and considered.
Members listened carefully, intervened with important and pertinent points, and showed British democracy at its best.
In short, it was something to be extremely proud of, regardless of whether we agreed with the outcome or not.
Party politics was largely kept out of that debate, as MPs were rightly given a free vote; a vote of conscience on a consequential topic.
Free votes should surely be granted when we are debating issues that transcend party political boundaries, and surely there can be no issue more important than ensuring that our planet is still able to support human life.
The Climate and Nature Bill is a crucial cross-party Bill promoted by my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  with support from 250 parliamentarians, including 88 Labour MPs, and sponsored by MPs from six of the parties that sit in the House.
Indeed, the Bill was championed in the last Parliament by the hon.
Members for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel) and for Sheffield Hallam (Olivia Blake), and even, I understand, by  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) .
Will the Leader of the House ask the Government to commit to a free vote on that crucial Bill’s Second Reading on  24 January ?
I wholeheartedly agree with the hon.
Member’s representation of the House last Friday and how we really did show ourselves at our very best.
I welcome the opportunity to work with her on the Modernisation Committee.
One thing we are looking at is how to ensure that Back Benchers can come together more often in the interests of what our constituents want us to be talking about and in the public interest.
The hon.
Member asked about the Bill that will come before us early next year.
I am not quite sure of its status, but I reassure her that the Government are absolutely committed to being a clean energy superpower by 2030.
Many in the Conservative party now want to change the targets, but we are committed to them and to the benefits they will bring, not just to tackling climate change, but to creating the jobs of the future and making sure that we have lower bills and energy security for the long run.
In a cross-party spirit, I will say at this juncture that I saw that the leader of the Liberal Democrats’ Christmas song—I am sure everyone will want to download it—is riding high in the charts this week.
I hope that it will not be the same as his paddle boarding, which gets off to a great start and then falls flat on its face.
rose— Order.
Can I say to the House that hopefully, with quick questions and short answers, we can get through?
I want to make sure that we time the statement, which is important to the House, with the Prime Minister.
I am aiming for about 10 past or quarter past 11.
Let us have a good example from Jayne Kirkham.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Last month, it was announced that several Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government offices will be closing, including the one in Truro in my constituency.
The next nearest office is about an hour and a half’s commute away, making relocation difficult.
Will the Leader of the House facilitate a meeting between me and the appropriate Minister to discuss the future for Truro MHCLG workers?
I am really sorry to hear that.
I understand that there will be no redundancies, but this is obviously a difficult time for the staff.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Minister to discuss it.