The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked— What progress the mission delivery boards have made.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
The Government’s five missions offer real benefits to people living in every part of the country: higher living standards, more energy security, safer streets, lower waiting lists, and a renewed confidence that the future will be better for our children.
We have already made progress, including launching a national wealth fund, providing an additional £22.6 billion for the NHS over the next couple of years, launching a new border security command, providing £1.4 billion more for school rebuilding and removing the de facto ban on onshore wind farms.
The Prime Minister will unveil his plan for change later this morning, which sets out how we will deliver further on our missions over the next few years, and I am due to give a statement to the House on that matter later this morning.
How will the Prime Minister’s five mission boards learn from the clear lack of join-up between the Treasury and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs over the family farm tax and the family business tax to ensure that they do not become five mission silos?
The hon.
Lady is right to say that one of the benefits of missions is to work across departmental boundaries.
That has been tried many times and is difficult to do, but I believe that farmers and people in rural areas will benefit from greater energy security, from lower waiting lists in the NHS, from rising living standards, and from the other things that are at the heart of our missions.
Too many children face barriers to opportunity.
Their life chances are being held back by rationed access to mental health support and diminished by a system that does not do enough to support those with special educational needs and disabilities.
What action can be taken on a cross-Government basis to increase the availability of mental health support to cover 100% of schools, so that we can achieve our vital mission to break down barriers to opportunity?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this matter.
He will be aware that we have announced extra funding for special educational needs.
That issue is rising up the agenda and is causing a lot of anxiety for parents throughout the country.
At the heart of our missions is making sure that a greater proportion of young children are ready to start school, because if that is not the case, it can hold back their opportunity for the rest of their lives.
With GB Energy headquartered in Scotland and the Methil yard in my constituency—a fantastic facility to build the renewables infrastructure we will need—how is my right hon.
Friend ensuring collaboration across Government and with the Scottish Government, to deliver the mission for growth through investment in renewables?
As my hon.
Friend says, we have made good progress in setting up Great British Energy, a publicly owned energy company, including announcing that its headquarters will be in Aberdeen.
This transition to clean power offers huge economic opportunities for the whole UK.
I am glad to report to the House that co-operation between the Scottish Government and the UK on this matter has been good, and this is at the heart of our clean energy mission.
Can the Minister give us some indication on the timeline for GB Energy?
When does he expect it to be up and running at full capacity?
Does he think there is any opportunity to incorporate green skills to support new jobs in areas such as North East Lincolnshire, Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
In just five months, the Government have made progress in setting up Great British Energy.
We have announced £25 million to establish the company, with a further £100 million of capital funding to spend in the next financial year.
We have announced the partnership with the Crown Estate and selected the chair, Juergen Maier.
As I said a moment ago, we have chosen Aberdeen as the location for the headquarters.
As for the next steps, more information on Great British Energy’s early priorities will come in the new year from the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
That will support skills development  across the country, including in the Humber, which is at the absolute forefront of the UK’s net zero ambitions and is home, I am pleased to say, to several groundbreaking renewable energy projects, which we support.
A recent report by the Social Mobility Foundation showed that on average people from working-class backgrounds are paid an incredible £6,000 less than their privileged peers.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s opportunity mission will be critical to ending that damning statistic and finally smashing the class ceiling that enables it?
We firmly believe that, whoever someone is and wherever they come from, Britain should be a country where hard work means they can get on in life, and that their circumstances of birth should never dictate their future.
The reality for too many children in Britain today is that that can be the case—that opportunity can be limited—and our opportunity mission is aimed at breaking that link.
We will roll out Government-funded childcare to support improved access, delivering on the funded hours expansion and on the Government’s manifesto commitment to create 3,000 more school-based nurseries, increasing the availability of childcare places where they are needed most.
As I said, we want to get a greater proportion of children ready to start school when they walk into primary school for the first time.
Stepping Hill hospital in Hazel Grove is reported to have a repairs backlog of £130 million.
The people on waiting lists, which have been elongated by this repairs backlog, are police officers, teachers and nurses, thereby making it more difficult for the Government to deliver on any of their other missions.
Can the right hon.
Gentleman assure the House that due weight is being given to reducing NHS waiting lists, so that all the other missions can be achieved?
We announced an extra £22 billion for the NHS over the next couple of years in the recent Budget.
I can certainly assure the hon.
Lady that reducing waiting times is at the heart of our missions, because current waiting times are bad for people’s health and bad for our economy.