Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
177

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, December 3, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 4

10 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine new revelations about airline

fees.
DECEMBER 5

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine the public health impacts of

PFAS exposures.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nomination of David

Samuel Johnson, of Virginia, to be Inspector General

for Tax Administration, Department of the Treasury.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine what the FDA is doing to

reduce the diabetes and obesity epidemics in America,

focusing on the food and beverage industry.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States

Postal Service, focusing on understanding proposed

service changes.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, S. 2082, to make

technical corrections relating to the Justice Against

Sponsors of Terrorism Act, and the nominations of

Benjamin J. Cheeks, to be United States District Judge

for the Southern District of California, and Serena

Raquel Murillo, to be United States District Judge for

the Central District of California.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine implementation of the Global

Magnitsky Laws.
2:30 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine the role of Belarus in

Russia's crimes.
2118-RHOB