Mr. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Irene Burrus, a woman known as a dear friend, mentor and confidant to many, and most notably, a cornerstone of the Algiers community, my hometown and part of the Congressional District I represent, whose influence was felt far and wide.
Her commitment to service was evident through her extensive involvement in various organizations.
Irene Burrus, lovingly known as ``
Ms. Irene'' and the ``Queen of Algiers,'' passed away peacefully on August 23, 2024, at the remarkable age of 101.
Born on March 31, 1923, Irene's life journey began on a humble farm in rural Mississippi, where she was raised by her parents, Annis and Alonzo Harrison, alongside her four siblings: Ellie, Jack, Ruby, and Imogene.
The Great Depression deeply influenced her upbringing, instilling in her a profound resilience and an unwavering sense of community that would define her life.
Irene's life was a testament to devotion--to her family, her community, and the countless causes that she championed with passion and dedication.
The year she turned 100, she proudly served as the Grand Marshall of The Algiers Mardi Gras and rode in the 2024 Krewe of NOMTOC.
Irene was known for her sharp mind and quick sense of humor, qualities that endeared her to all who had the pleasure of knowing her.
She often remarked, ``You've got to leave a place better than you found it or we're really in trouble.
I hope I've helped.''
Her life embodied this philosophy, as she worked tirelessly to uplift her community and inspire others to do the same through her active participation and generosity.
As a key figure in the Kiwanis Club, she generously contributed her time and resources to numerous other causes.
She served as Vice President of the Board of Welcome Neighbors and was actively involved in the Kiwanis Club, Tall Timbers Garden Club, and the Algiers Charter School Association for Fundraising.
She was a member of the Algiers Police Advisory Group.
She not only organized and funded Mardi Gras breakfasts for local officers, but also Irene's dedication also extended to the Military Wives Organization, the Old Aurora Neighborhood Association's Night Out
Against Crime, Save Algiers Courthouse, Chalmette Refining's Westbank Citizens' Advisory Council and the Historic New Orleans French Quarter Easter Parade.
As a member of the Algiers Republican Women, she tirelessly worked to support and raise awareness for local initiatives.
She was a cherished daughter, sister, wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother.
Irene is survived by her loving daughter, Marilyn Mislove, and her son-in-law, Michael.
Her legacy continues through her grandchildren: John Crowe (wife Kelly), Rebecca Crowe Claunch (husband Charles), Alan Mislove (wife Talmadge), and Caroline Mislove, as well as her great-grandchildren Ivy, Courtney, Ava, Abby, Sarah, Reeves, Evan, and Mira.
Preceding her in death were her first husband, Arvid Dahl, her second husband, John C. Burrus, and her beloved daughter, Marcia Dahl Crowe.
I am so blessed and grateful to have known this phenomenal woman, a real Trailblazer and Leader, my true friend.
Ms. Irene will forever be remembered for her indomitable spirit, her tireless dedication to her community, and her boundless love for her family.
Her legacy of kindness, leadership, and service will continue to inspire all who were fortunate enough to know her.
I will certainly miss my dear friend.