Mr. CRENSHAW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a tremendous community in my district, The Woodlands, Texas, as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary on October 19th.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, George Mitchell began developing plans for a new hometown called The Woodlands.
Mr. Mitchell's vision was for an all-encompassing, integrated community where residents could live, work, play, learn and pray among a natural forested and preserved environment.
Beginning with the modest purchase in 1964 of 2,800 acres from the Grogan Cochran Lumber Company, over the next decade 
Mr. Mitchell would invest in an additional 17,455 acres as a start to the master planned community.
The first public school opened in 1971, and The Woodlands celebrated its grand opening with the opening of the Village of Grogan's Mill on October 19, 1974.
A master planned community far ahead of its time, 
Mr. Mitchell created in The Woodlands a thoughtful and diverse living experience that balanced the spirit of neighborhood life with business and innovation, all nestled within a grounded natural setting.
Over its five decades, The Woodlands has grown to include nine residential villages, The Woodlands Town Center, Hughes Landing and the Woodlands Waterway, the community's nexus of business and entertainment.
The Woodlands boasts some of the highest ranked schools in the greater Houston region, award-winning medical and wellness centers, and places of worship of virtually every denomination.
Today, approximately, 2,668 businesses, including the headquarters of major corporations, are based in The Woodlands.
The Woodlands has become an economic juggernaut in the Greater Southeast Texas area led by the development of The Woodlands Town Center.
Spanning 1,000 acres, the urban core features premier office and retail space, a plethora of world class dining and entertainment options, hotels, healthcare and residences, all within a walkable environment.
Economic development has been key to the success of The Woodlands generating commercial growth that has contributed to sustaining a low tax rate for residents while preserving the exceptional amenities that distinguish The Woodlands from many urban cores.
Likewise, the 151 parks, over 220 miles of hiking and bike trails, pools, public art, water sport destinations and signature golf courses highlight the community's natural surroundings.
And yet, with all the community offers, the forest remains.
Over the years, nearly one million seedlings have been given away at Arbor Day festivals and planted to enrich the community's forested beauty.
Today, almost 8,000 of 28,500 total acres, remains open space.
This dedication to the natural environment was a priority in the development.
Parks have been planned and developed hand-in-hand with residential development.
Families can enjoy a park within a 10-minute walk.
In fact, The Woodlands was designed to be park plentiful, boasting one park per 815 residents, placing the community 200 percent above the national average for parks per resident, according to the National Recreation and Parks Association.
George Mitchell strategically planned The Woodlands with a focus on residential development first, laying the groundwork and support for a robust commercial destination aimed to create a central hub that would enhance the overall community experience and attract businesses, residents and visitors.
Since its founding, The Woodlands has emerged from a fledging outpost of the Greater Houston area to a thriving community ranked the No. 1 Community to Live in America in 2021 and 2022.
As The Woodlands celebrates five decades of diversity, innovation and community pride, we all look forward to its even more promising future.
In recognition of the 50th Anniversary, The Woodlands community will come together for a week of events culminating in a community wide celebration on October 19th.
I congratulate The Woodlands on its 50th Anniversary and wish its residents a safe and joyous celebration on this momentous occasion.