MAY 14 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider the nominations of William L. Doffermyre, of Texas, to be Solicitor of the Department of the Interior, and Catherine Jereza, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Electricity), and Kyle Haustveit, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary (Fossil Energy), both of the Department of Energy; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Jonathan Brightbill, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Tina Pierce, of Idaho, to be Chief Financial Officer, and Conner Prochaska, of Texas, to be Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency--Energy, all of the Department of Energy, and Ned Mamula, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, Department of the Interior.
SD-366 9:45 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nomination of Paul Dabbar, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce.
SR-253 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine FAA reauthorization one year later, focusing on aviation safety, air traffic, and next generation technology.
SR-253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine trade in critical supply chains.
SD-215 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Environmental Protection Agency.
SD-124 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Sean McMaster, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, John Busterud, of California, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, Environmental Protection Agency, and Adam Telle, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department.
SD-562 1:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department SD-430 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Intellectual Property To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to American innovation and economic leadership.
SD-226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine financing America's manufacturing and industrial boom.
SR-428A
Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters.
SH-219 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and United States Capitol Police.
SD-192 3:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs
To hold oversight hearings to examine delivering essential public health and social services to Native Americans, focusing on Federal programs serving Native Americans across the operating divisions at the Department of Health and Human Services.
SD-628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine preparing for disasters, focusing on unique challenges facing older Americans.
SD-106