MAY 15 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense responsibilities related to Foreign Military Sales system and international armaments cooperation.
SD-G50 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomination of Janet Dhillon, of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
SD-430 10 a.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the Department.
SD-192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines, and Safety To hold hearings to examine pipeline safety reauthorization, focusing on ensuring the safe and efficient movement of American energy.
SR-253 10:15 a.m.
Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 180, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the use of grant amounts for providing training and resources for first responders on the use of containment devices to prevent secondary exposure to fentanyl and other potentially lethal substances, and purchasing such containment devices for use by first responders, S. 237, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide public safety officer benefits for exposure-related cancers, S. 419, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize grants to support law enforcement officers and families, S. 539, to reauthorize the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008, S. 911, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include certain retired law enforcement officers in the public safety officers' death benefits program, S. 1316, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that COPS grant funds may be used for local law enforcement recruits to attend schools or academies if the recruits agree to serve in precincts of law enforcement agencies in their communities, S. 1563, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to establish a grant program to help law enforcement agencies with civilian law enforcement tasks, S. 1595, to establish standards for trauma kits purchased using funds provided under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and the nomination of Jason Reding Quinones, of Florida, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida for the term of four years.
SH-216