Senator Diana E. Bajoie at their Fall 2018 Commencement.
The University recognized the 
Senator as a pioneer in state politics and acknowledged the many contributions and efforts in improving the quality of life for all.
Former 
Senator Diana E. Bajoie is a part-time member of the staff of LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans as Director of Community Relations.
She works with LSU Health Sciences Center's six schools to define and implement community relations programs and work to promote cultural diversity among faculty, staff, and students.
As a State Legislator, 
Ms. Bajoie served as Vice Chair of the Finance Committee that handled the operating budget for the State.
At that time, the operating budget was over several billion dollars.
Her health care experience is extensive.
She was a ranking member of the Health and Welfare Committee where she served for over 25 years between the House and the Senate.
She led the efforts to create school-based health clinics and wrote legislation to provide breast cancer screening and treatment for low income and uninsured women, mandated coverage of mammography and other cancer screening tests, and increase health care coverage for citizens with mental health disorders.
She sponsored legislation that created the Louisiana Cancer Research Center in New Orleans, The Metropolitan Human Services District that services Orleans, St. Bernard, and Plaquemines Parishes to treat vulnerable residents for mental illness, addictive disorder intellectual and or developmental disabilities
and she also created The Minority Health Care Commission.
She worked to ensure recognition of the contributions of African Americans to New Orleans, Louisiana, and the nation.
Her efforts resulted in legislation to create the Louisiana State Museum on Civil Rights, that has finally come to fruition in 2023, and the expansion and renaming of the New Orleans Convention Center in honor of the city's first African American Mayor, ``The Ernest N. Morial Convention Center.''
Bajoie introduced the Civil Rights Museum legislation during the Governor Foster administration.
Governor Murphy James Foster Jr. was Louisiana's 53rd governor.
His grandfather, Murphy J. Foster Sr., the 31st Louisiana governor, supported the 1898 Louisiana Constitution, which disfranchised the Black majority.
Murphy Jr.'s conservative platform included attacks on welfare abuse, gun control, affirmative action, and racial quotas during the era of affirmative action.
Undeterred by Foster's position, every year, Bajoie ensured ``something'' was put in the state budget for the Civil Rights Museum.
During speaking engagements, Bajoie credits Hassan Haley (son of Oretha Castle Haley and Richard Haley), Don Hubbard and Loyce Wright for keeping the dream of the museum alive.
``I also want to thank Lieutenant Nungesser.
We need people to keep the fight going because we're just beginning.
We want to make sure we tell our own story.
It's taken a long time.
It's like making gumbo.
If you go too fast, it won't come out right.''
She continues to express a need to focus on raising more money to keep the museum going.
The Civil Rights Museum will be permanently housed on this property.