Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
Ms. Josayne Anderson-Tejera, for receiving the President's Volunteer Service Award, an honor bestowed by the President of the United States to recognize the invaluable contributions of volunteers in our Nation.
Over the course of her career, Josayne has demonstrated a steadfast commitment to making a difference in her community, specifically in the areas of civil rights and women's advocacy.
Josayne was driven to a career in public service after she lost a close friend to domestic violence.
Coupled with her own experiences surviving domestic violence, she has since dedicated her life to speaking out against domestic and sexual violence.
In 2004, she founded the Love Quest Foundation, an organization that seeks to provide a safe space for young adults and survivors of domestic violence to learn healthy relationship habits and heal from trauma.
Over the past 2 decades, the Love Quest Foundation has transformed the lives of countless young people and survivors across Dutchess County.
In addition to her work with her foundation, 
Ms. Anderson-Tetera has served as Dutchess County's Equal Opportunity and Inclusion Officer since 2020.
In her position, Josayne is charged with maintaining and improving the County's commitments to diversity, equity, and inclusion.
Previously, she worked for the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision where she conducted investigations which aimed to prevent discrimination, misconduct, and assaults in the workplace.
She has also served as: Financial Secretary and recruitment presenter for the New York State Minorities in Criminal Justice, Board Member for Life Flows Through Every Body, and Fellow for CEO Action for Racial Equity.
I commend Josayne's impressive contributions to the Hudson Valley.
Through her work, she has undoubtedly made a positive impact on the lives of countless men and women, The President's Volunteer Service Award is a formal acknowledgment of the hundreds of hours she has devoted to improving her community, but I want to take this opportunity to attest to the immeasurable contributions that she has selflessly made to Dutchess County and to our state.