Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and an exceptional leader in our U.S. Navy.
Commander Bruce Kimbrell has distinguished himself through his professional character and dedication by serving this Nation in uniform.
For the past year, Commander Kimbrell served admirably as the Department of Defense Legislative Fellow for my office where he handled House Armed Service Committee hearing preparation and execution while also contributing to my work on with the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
Above all, he was the driving force behind my Maritime policy portfolio via multiple, pieces of maritime legislation, congressional letters, as well as multiple Maritime Statecraft engagements with representatives from the Secretary of the Navy, Chief of Naval Operations, Maritime Administrator, and an extensive executive list of Maritime industry stakeholders involved in carrying out maritime statecraft activities and national maritime strategy.
His efforts advanced a shared effort for reinvigorating our Nation's maritime sector and gaining greater insight into the tools available for helping create a more favorable global environment for advancing America's maritime power.
Commander Kimbrell has had a remarkable twenty-two-year career after enlisting into the U.S. Navy in 2002, graduating from the University of Massachusetts in 2011, and commissioning as an Ensign designated as an Intelligence Officer.
He served aboard two aircraft carriers, an amphibious war ship, as well as temporary duties aboard the NATO Afloat Standing Maritime Group Flag Ship.
Later, he won the 2017 RADM Thomas A Brooks Junior Officer of the Year for the Naval Intelligence Community Award while assigned to Carrier Air Wing THREE.
He also served as the Deputy Director of Maritime Intelligence Operations Center and Chief of Targets for U.S. FIFTH Fleet during which he was designated as a member of the Military Top 40 Under 40 in 2017 by Recruit Military, Bradley Morris, Inc.
In addition, he served as the Executive Assistance to the Director Maritime Operations as U.S. Pacific Fleet prior to his role as Special Advisor to the Chief of Naval Operations on force design, strategic planning, ally and partner interoperability, and strategic risk.
The Secretary of the Navy was impressed enough by his legislative work and especially in his creation of the maritime task force that he selected Commander Kimbrell to serve as his Special Advisor in which he advised the Secretary on maritime policy at the intersection of industry, government agencies, strategic think tanks, maritime advocacy groups, and U.S. Congress.
His efforts led to the second annual Maritime Statecraft Innovation workshop sponsored by the Secretary of the Navy and Maritime Administration.