Ms. Bajoie is a founder and former chair of the Louisiana Legislative Black Caucus and the Louisiana Legislative Women's Caucus.
She also is a founder and served as President of the National Organization of Black Elected Legislative Women, a national legislative women's organization which encourages and supports women in public and community service.
She also served on the Louisiana Recovery Authority Board helping to rebuild the state after the devastating disasters of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
Outside of state politics, 
Ms. Bajoie has been involved in a myriad World War II Museum, a member of the WYES-TV Board of Directors, Xavier University of Louisiana Board of Visitors and Dillard University Advisory Board.
The Former 
Senator presently serve as a commissioner on the board of the New Orleans East Hospital, the National Organization of Black Women Legislators, LePetit Theater, and Mercy Endeavor Senior Center, just to name a few.
She is a Life Member of the Southern University Alumni Federation and a Diamond Life Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
She has received numerous awards, including the City of New Orleans' Mayor Morial Medal.
Former Sen. Bajoie was named the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Survivor of the Year in 2000.
She was honored at the Delta Sigma Theta's 48th National Convention with the National Patricia Harris Award for Excellence in Government.
She was inducted into the Louisiana Political Hall of Fame in 2007 and was later honored in 2010 by The Louisiana Center for Women in Government with its Lifetime Achievement Award.
She was also named by the New Orleans Tribune as one of 18 Black Women ``That Made New Orleans Better'', who changed the City in the last 300 years.
Mayor Landrieu named the former 
Senator a New Orleans Legend in honor of the city's Tricentennial.
Last, but certainly not least, Sen. Diana E. Bajoie is a mentor--a mentor to students, to young people and families across the state striving to better themselves, their communities and Louisiana.
She frequently shares her experiences and ideas in the classroom as well as with civic organizations and leadership development programs.