Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michelle Reimers, who recently retired as General Manager of the Turlock Irrigation District (TID).
TID was founded in 1887, making it the oldest irrigation district in California.
Today, TID provides water from Don Pedro Reservoir to over 150,000 acres of farmland in Stanislaus and Merced counties through 250 miles of canals.
It is one of only four irrigation districts in California that provide retail electricity to homes, farms, and businesses in its service territory.
Michelle was with TID for 18 years, starting with its public information operation, but through hard work and dedication to the District, she assumed various other leadership positions, culminating in becoming the first female General Manager in 2020.
During her time leading the agency, she focused on transparency, collaboration, and commitment to its customers, but always prioritized ensuring that TID had water supplies to serve its communities, such as through creating new water rights for the District to capture flood flows on the Tuolumne River.
In addition, under Michelle's leadership, TID electricity rates remained among the lowest in California, without wavering on reliability.
Just three months into her role as General Manager, Michelle successfully navigated the most challenging pandemic of our time.
Additionally, she led TID through extreme weather conditions, including the third direst three year stretch on record and then one of the wettest winters in history, and through significant wildfires multiple years in a row all the while maintaining the reliability our community expects and deserves.
Michelle was also a driving force in the longterm relicensing of the Don Pedro Project, a federally licensed water storage facility with hydroelectric energy generation on the Tuolumne River, with Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Pragmatic and results oriented, Michelle would bring disparate groups together from the Environmental Defense Fund to the American Public Power Association to get the job done.
While she encouraged collaboration, she never shied away from her main objective--to ensure our communities and farms had a reliable supply of water and power.
And when she was not leading TID or representing the District in waterrelated negotiations, she could be found growing walnuts and almonds on her farm.
Michelle was a tireless advocate of our community and farmers and always led with the customer in mind.
She should be proud of all she accomplished while leading TID and, as she begins this new chapter in her life, I am confident she will continue to make positive impacts in our Valley.