Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedication ceremony for the Lieutenant Colonel James C. Warren Memorial Interchange.
In 2015, the Interstate-80/505 Interchange was officially named the Lieutenant Colonel James C. Warren Memorial Interchange, yet a physical sign designating the recognition and new name of the interchange was never established.
Lt. Col. Warren began his 35 years of service in the U.S. Air Force during World War II as an original member of the 477th Bombardment, comprised of African American military pilots known as the ``Tuskegee Airmen.''
He flew over 12,000 hours and 173 combat missions, never failing to answer the call to serve our country.
As a result of his bravery and aptitude, Lt. Col. Warren was selected as the navigator of ``Homecoming One,'' bringing home the first group of American POW's from North Vietnam.
In 1971, when Apollo 14 landed on Earth, he was a member of the team that safely recovered the space crew.
Lt. Col. Warren participated in countless crucial moments in our history and his selfless service undeniably solidified him as an American hero.
Lt. Col. Warren's service alongside his fellow Tuskegee Airman was critical to the Civil Rights Movement and breaking down the barriers of segregation in the U.S. military.
In 1945, Lt. Col. Warren and the Tuskegee Airman attempted to integrate an all-white Officers' Club at Freeman Army Airfield.
The incident led to the arrest of 102 officers, including Lt. Col. Warren.
This event is widely regarded as a seminal moment in the push toward full integration of the U.S. military and as a model for civil disobedience during the Civil Rights Movement.
For his critical contributions to our country, Lt. Col. Warren was awarded numerous medals, including the Distinguished Flying Cross with two Oak Leaf Clusters, the Air Medal with eleven Oak Leaf Clusters, and the Congressional Gold Medal.
Lt. Col. Warren dedicated his life to serving our country, and his bravery and tenacity helped create a better, more equitable society for future generations.
I am thrilled that the dedication for the Lieutenant Colonel James C. Warren Memorial Interchange will finally be completed.
On behalf of California's Eighth Congressional District, I extend my sincere gratitude to Lt. Col. James C. Warren for his selfless service, advocacy, and tremendous impact on our country.