The Global Health Council, together with 70+ additional organizations, stated the following: Global Health Council and 70+ Organizations ``As a community of global health and development advocates, we are deeply concerned with the steep cuts being proposed to the House State and Foreign Operations and Related Programs (SFOPS) budget at a time when the world is facing concurrent destabilizing events, such as the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, further instability and food insecurity caused by the war in Ukraine, and the continuous threat of emerging infectious diseases.
The Fiscal Year (FY) 2024 budget being proposed by the House Appropriations SFOPS Subcommittee falls woefully short and severely undercuts critical global health and humanitarian assistance programs, which are a key component Agency for International Development, these cuts would reverse gains made to combat infectious diseases, including through the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), programs to prevent maternal and childhood deaths, and funds to support health workers and global health security.
This bill is a dangerous signal to the rest of the world that the U.S. is ceding leadership on the global stage...''
The Catholic Relief Services released the following statement (excerpt): Catholic Relief Services Executive Vice President Bill O'Keefe ``Recognizing we are a blessed nation, strong bipartisan majorities have long supported humanitarian and development aid that has saved millions of lives, contributed to greater stability and rolled back global health threats, such as HIV.
The House's current proposal is a departure from this legacy and threatens the lives of many around the world as well as our national security.''
The United States Global Leadership Coalition (USGLC) released the following statements: Former Secretary.
Mark T. Esper ``America's leadership in the world cannot be left to doubt.
When we don't lead, we create a vacuum that will be filled instead by China, which has only increased its spending on defense, diplomacy, and development.
America's leadership means more than just military capability; diplomacy and foreign assistance are part of it too.
This proposed budget would upend that relationship by gutting our civilian toolkit and depriving America of the diplomatic leadership whose benefits I have seen last a lifetime.''
Admiral James Stavridis ``Senior military leaders have seen first-hand around the world the risks of instability to national security, and we know that responding to these threats requires more than just a strong military.
Significant cuts to our nation's civilian national security toolkit in the International Affairs Budget would chart a dangerous course for the United States at this pivotal moment.''
USGLC President and CEO Liz Schrayer ``Cutting nearly one-third of America's footprint in the world would be dangerous to our national security and economic interests--undermining America's ability to compete and win on the global stage while ceding influence to China.
If enacted, this would be the lowest funding level for our diplomacy and development toolbox in a generation at a time when America is facing the greatest threats since the Cold War...''
The American Jewish Committee stated the following (excerpt): American Jewish Committee ``We are concerned by drastic cuts to the proposed FY24 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs (SFOPS) appropriations bill.
At just 1% of the federal budget, the international affairs budget is a strategic investment that advances America's interests around the world.
Strong, principled American leadership in global affairs is the best protection for our national security interests, the preservation and advancement of democratic values and human dignity, and the security of our closest allies.''
InterAction released the following statement (excerpt): InterAction ``The proposed inadequate funding levels will forcefully cut short life-saving programs and weaken the United States' position as a global leader.
The lack of investment compels nations, including American allies, to seek alternative solutions, accumulate more debt, or worse, go without lifesaving support.
As a result, the most vulnerable people will face heightened risks, leading to a more unstable world and diminishing the influence.''
The ONE Campaign released the following statement (excerpt): President of The ONE Campaign Tom Hart ``Foreign assistance, especially development funding, is an incredibly important tool to advance America's foreign policy, national security, and economic priorities.
It is not a handout--it is a strategic investment that can lift millions out of poverty, turn the tide against deadly diseases, strengthen our economy, and make America safer.
These shortsighted cuts will have long-term consequences, jeopardize our investments, and hurt the American taxpayer.''
The Christian Connections for International Health released the following statement (excerpt): Christian Connections for International Health ``Christian Connections for International Health (CCIH) is alarmed and extremely disappointed that the House Appropriations Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations is proposing to drastically reduce funding to life-saving programs.
We believe this abandons the U.S. leadership role on the global stage and undermines decades of progress toward sustainable health.''
CARE USA released the following statement (excerpt): CARE ``CARE is deeply disturbed by the House Subcommittee-passed version of the FY24 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations (SFOPS) bill.
This legislation would gut the foreign assistance allocation by over 30% at a time when the U.S. presence in the world is vital, we have the worst global hunger crisis in decades, and record levels of mass migration.