Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, the people of Turkiye and Turkish Americans celebrate Turkish Republic Day every year on October 29th.
This important date commemorates when Turkiye in 1923 became a republic thanks to the leadership.
This October 29th is a special celebration because it marks 100th Anniversary of the Republic.
While Anatolia, the home of the Republic of Turkiye, has been a cradle of civilizations for millennia, Turkiye has transformed from its ancient history to the modern skylines.
The progress the Turkish people have made over the past century is a testament to their resilience, determination, and spirit.
The Republic of Turkiye has historically been a strong and reliable ally of the United States thanks to its founding principles of democracy, secularism, and equality.
Turkiye boasts the second largest military in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and is allied with the United States on key issues of counterterrorism, energy diversification, securing the global supply chains, and drug and human trafficking prevention.
I am proud to recognize the rich tapestry of Turkish-American contributions to the United States.
Turkish-Americans have made important strides in several fields, including academia, business, medicine, arts, and culture.
Turkish-Americans have enriched our society with their traditions, cuisine, and heritage.
These contributions are especially ever present in New Jersey's Ninth Congressional district, with the largest Turkish immigrant community in the United States centered around the thriving Little Istanbul in South Paterson.
The Turkish-American community is an important bridge to strengthen the understanding and friendship between our two nations.
As I reflect on Turkiye's 100th Republic Day, I hope everyone will celebrate the shared values and interests that bind our nations.
I congratulate, Turkiye, on their centenary, and I thank them, Turkish-Americans, for their enduring contributions to the United States.