Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the contributions of Colonel Elizabeth Aptekar as she is honored as one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Elizabeth serves as the Commander of the 60th Mission Support Group at the 60th Air Mobility Wing at Travis Air Force Base.
She leads a 1,900-member group that provides support to three wings and more than fifty mission partners.
Her team rapidly mobilized support for 104 nations, readied 3,000 missions, and executed 2,000 deployments and seven Presidential Support packages which empowered six Combatant Commands to enable diplomatic and economic ties globally.
Locally, she oversaw 54 construction projects totaling $137 million which facilitated the KC-46 aircraft activation at Travis Air Force Base.
She also guided a $208 million Defense Health Agency contracting transition strategy for the Air Force's largest hospital, saving $48 million and harnessing $15 million for other critical priorities.
She also leveraged Defense and hybrid energy initiatives positioning $20 million toward alternative energy, fuel resources, and electric vehicle infrastructure.
Elizabeth has also worked to integrate Travis AFB with the surrounding community, organizing meetings between base and city leaders and fostering support for initiatives focused on infrastructure and quality of life improvements.
Demonstrating her commitment to Airmen, her team's 90 percent execution rate of resiliency funds was No. 1 in the Air Force, ensuring Team Travis Airmen and Families across 77 units were immersed in surrounding community activities.
Elizabeth's work has improved quality of life for all members of the Travis AFB community, and her engaged leadership, service to others, and commitment to excellence is noted and celebrated.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Elizabeth Aptekar for her positive contributions to our community.