Title: CELEBRATING 35 YEARS OF THE LOCAL INITIATIVES SUPPORT CORPORATION OF HOUSTON; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
161

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 35 YEARS OF THE LOCAL INITIATIVES SUPPORT CORPORATION OF

HOUSTON

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

organization that has spent 35 years building a legacy of hope,

resilience, and sustainable communities across the Houston area--the

Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) Houston.
Since 1989, LISC

Houston has been more than a community builder; it's been a lifeline to

countless families and neighborhoods, investing over $592 million and

leveraging $1.5 billion to bring more than 11,000 affordable homes and

over two million square feet of community spaces to life.
Think about that for a moment.
Over three decades of building homes

and hope--three decades of investing in people, families, and

neighborhoods that are the bedrock of this great city.
LISC Houston is

grounded in the belief that everyone deserves a roof over their head

and a vibrant community, a place where they can work, raise their

children, and feel a sense of belonging.
Through its Financial Opportunity Centers and partnerships with local

businesses,

LISC has helped thousands in our area find good-paying jobs, start

businesses, and build brighter futures.
When it comes to affordable

housing, they haven't just built homes; they've built foundations--

places where families feel rooted, children feel safe, and communities

can grow and thrive.
LISC stands alone in the Houston region as the

organization that tackles every facet of affordable housing--from

providing training and developing new housing to preserving existing

homes, expanding access to homeownership, and leading post-disaster

recovery efforts.
And LISC Houston's work is far from finished.
As they look to the

future, they're setting their sights on new challenges--focusing on

digital literacy, place-based development, economic mobility, and

climate resilience.
They're supporting small businesses, including

childcare providers, and empowering emerging housing developers.
They're creating pathways to homeownership, lifting up families, and

transforming communities with every project.
Mr. Speaker, LISC Houston's legacy reminds us that when we come

together, we can build something lasting.
It's a vision that speaks to

the best of who we are--a belief in the power of community, in lifting

each other up, and in making sure that everyone has a fair shot at a

better future.
I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating LISC's important

milestone and their tremendous impact.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LOAVES & FISHES COMMUNITY

SERVICES

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 40th

Anniversary of Loaves & Fishes Community Services, one of the largest

food pantries in Illinois.
Founded in 1984 by a group of compassionate

members of St. Raphael Catholic Church, this organization began as a

small food pantry in a church closet, serving just eight families.
Today, 40 years later, Loaves & Fishes provides assistance to over

10,000 individuals each week, including residents of DuPage, Kane,

Kendall, and Will Counties.
The success of Loaves & Fishes can be attributed to the collaboration

of its dedicated staff and more than 1,000 volunteers, who range from

teenagers to seniors nearing 90 years old.
Their commitment has been

instrumental in ensuring the prosperity of countless families.
The

extensive volunteer hours contributed over the years have allowed

Loaves & Fishes to scale its operations, enabling efficient and cost-

effective service at facilities such as the Frank J. Rus & Donald S.

Toy Food Market & Resource Center.
Over the years, Loaves & Fishes has expanded its mission beyond

addressing food insecurity to include programs that promote self-

sufficiency.