Above all else, Coach Abdur-Rahim loved his family.
He is survived by

his wife, Arianne, and their three children, Laila, Lana and Aydin.
His

legacy will live on through his family and all who had the privilege of

sharing time with him on the basketball court.
Coach Abdur-Rahim used to say: ``No record is going to tell you what

impact you have on people around you.''
The impact Coach had on the USF

community is immeasurable, and his optimism, devotion and servant

leadership will continue to inspire us all.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors across Tampa Bay, I sincerely

thank Amir Abdur-Rahim for the joy and life he infused into our

community.
We are all eternally grateful.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CLEMENTINE PUGH

HON.
ADRIANO ESPAILLAT

Mr. ESPAILLAT.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to celebrate the life,

legacy, and work of Clementine Pugh, a dear and distinguished friend of

my predecessor, The Honorable Charles B. Rangel.
As a strong believer

in the power of knowledge, she demonstrated the importance of learning

and expanding educational opportunities for women and African Americans

throughout our great Nation.
On June 20, 2015, at Harlem's historic Riverside Church, family and

community gathered to memorialize Clementine's life and contributions

to opening our minds to the importance of culture, honesty, and

knowledge.
On April 11, 1925, Clementine was born to Alberta and Otho

High in Raleigh, North Carolina.
She attended Shaw University, where

she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree.
She began her career as a

psychiatric social worker, moving on to becoming a public school

teacher and, eventually, a professor at Hunter and Lehman Colleges of

the City University of New York.
After 20 years of service at Lehman College, she was awarded the

title of Professor Emeritus of Education.
She earned a Master of Social

Work degree in 1949 from New York's Columbia University and a Doctorate

in Education from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst in 1982.
For her teachings, she was awarded the prestigious title of Professor

Emeritus of Education.
Clementine vividly strived for honesty and understanding.
She made it

her duty to present others with the awareness she obtained.
Her

tireless effort to engage, enjoy, and educate people touched the hearts

of every person she met.
A woman ahead of her time, Clementine Pugh

tackled the many realms of ``isms'' including racism, sexism and

classism.
Her life was devoted to acknowledging and improving how these

systems affect African American people.
With her remarkable resilience,

my predecessor, The Honorable Charles B. Rangel, is proud to have

called Clementine and her husband, G. Douglas Pugh, dear and very

special friends.
I know that Clementine's legacy will live on for many years to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me as

we pay tribute to such a treasure to our community.
I pledge to

continue to carry out her tradition of provoking thought and feeling

for all who have lost their way or simply need to be reminded of who we

are, what we come from, and how we can overcome any obstacle.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN PRAISE OF THE IDF'S TRIUMPH OVER TERROR

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the majority of

Americans who feel as I do, I commend the Isreali Defense Forces (IDF)

for ridding the world of one of its most wretched war criminals, Yahya

Sinwar.
As the mastermind of October 7th, the deadliest day for Jews since

the Holocaust, Sinwar orchestrated the murder, maiming, mutilation,

rape, torture, and abduction of Israelis as well as Americans.
The

IDF's triumph over Sinwar's reign of terror sends a resounding message

to the rest of the world.
The fate of the Middle East no longer belongs

to the antisemitic wars of the past.