Returning to Fresno in 1972 with his wife and baby daughter, Cynthia,

Gary, as a father, reveled in coaching his daughters' cross-country

teams, participating in family activities, and instilling a love for

adventure and shared experiences.
In 1978, he founded G.L. Bruno

Associates, Inc., focusing on real estate development and medical

facility construction, making significant contributions to healthcare

accessibility in the Central Valley.
Beyond his business endeavors, Gary was driven by a core belief in

giving back.
In 1996, he established the G.L. Bruno Family Foundation,

channeling over $2 million to support socially and economically

disadvantaged individuals, with a particular emphasis on matters

concerning women and children.
Gary lived life with fervor, finding joy in flying his airplane,

playing golf, and savoring a good martini.
His dignified demeanor,

witty jokes, and a ready handkerchief became hallmarks of his presence.
Even in the face of a courageous battle with Parkinson's disease,

Gary's sense of humor endured.
Gary leaves behind a legacy of passion and generosity.
Survived by

his daughters, Cynthia Bruno Rafferty and Aimee Bogna, their families,

and loyal dog Bailey, Gary's impact extends to his ex-wives, brothers,

nieces, nephews, and cherished friends.
In commemorating Gary Lee

Bruno, we honor a life that blended duty, enterprise, and compassion--a

life that will forever inspire those who knew him.
Mr. Speaker, I extend my heartfelt condolences to his family and

invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the

memory of Gary Lee Bruno.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEADERSHIP OF COACH AMIR ABDUR-RAHIM

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to

honor the life of Amir Abdur-Rahim who Inspired students and our Tampa

Bay community with his sincerity, generosity and passion.
As the

vibrant Head Coach for the University of South Florida Men's Basketball

team, Coach Abdul-Rahim set high moral standards for all and displayed

an uncommon commitment to students, players and the entire USF Family.
Amir Abdur-Rahim grew up in Marietta, Georgia, and held his first

head coach position at Kennesaw State University from 2019 before

joining the Bulls family in 2023.
Coach

Abdur-Rahim was credited with turning KSU's program into a record-

breaking success.
But it is not his incredible professional

accomplishments that made him the great man he was.
He was a servant

leader with genuine care for those around him.
He transformed not only

records but also the hearts and minds of entire communities.
Coach Abdur-Rahim was immediately embraced by the USF family.
When

USF Vice President for Athletics Michael Kelly described Coach's impact

on the team and university, Kelly said, ``he connected this whole

community.
`` Around campus, Coach was known for picking up students'

coffee tabs, personally greeting camped-out fans in front of the

Yuengling Center, and dancing with the school band after home game

wins.
His spirit and joy were felt by the entire student body.
To his players, he was so much more.
At the press conference

following the team's historic first regular season conference

championship, Coach Abdur-Rahim said, ``It's just great to see growth

in young people, man, when they start to see themselves as more than

just basketball players, when they start to see themselves as men.''
Following last year's historic season, Coach was unanimously voted

American Athletic Conference Coach of the Year.
Yet, he felt an

individual accolade was unfitting.
Coach changed the trophy engraving

from ``Coach of the Year'' to ``Staff of the Year.''
In all he did,

Coach Abdur-Rahim found a way to serve those around him.
Above all else, Coach Abdur-Rahim loved his family.
He is survived by

his wife, Arianne, and their three children, Laila, Lana and Aydin.
His

legacy will live on through his family and all who had the privilege of

sharing time with him on the basketball court.