In 2011, he

was promoted to Lieutenant and continued to be a driving force of

innovation and positive change within the department.
His efforts and

contributions towards enhancing and improving the department's IT

infrastructure resulted in nearly all the technology MTPD utilizes

today.
From dash cameras and departmental training to a records

management and scheduling system, Lt.
Mellus's vision and leadership

were pivotal in revolutionizing the department's technological

landscape and ensuring MTPD had the necessary tools to serve and

protect our community.
Mr. Speaker, it is through the work of people like Lt.
Mellus that

our communities thrive, and our Nation grows stronger.
His actions

remind us that progress is not forged in grand

gestures, but in the cumulative power of selfless acts.
He embodies the

timeless American values of resilience, generosity, and compassion,

showing us that the future is built by those who care deeply, act

decisively, and give without hesitation.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Lt.
Mellus for his extraordinary service.
I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual, whose

leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to come.
May

his example remind us of the boundless potential within each of us to

make our communities, country, and world a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1'S HOMETOWN HERO: PLUMSTEAD TOWNSHIP POLICE CHIEF DAVID

METTIN

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Chief David Mettin, one of our

district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Chief Mettin has embodied this spirit in ways

that words can scarcely capture.
In his role as Plumstead Township Police Chief, David Mettin has not

only served our community but transformed the lives of those around

him.
Throughout his remarkable 37-year career, his efforts and

contributions have played a pivotal role in safeguarding our community

and nurturing the next generation of law enforcement professionals, in

which he instills a commitment to upholding excellence.
Constituents

like Chief Mettin strengthen the fabric of our district and prove that

when driven by purpose, compassion, and a resolute sense of duty, one

individual can leave a lasting and profound impact on an entire

community.
In times of uncertainty, it is the work of individuals like Chief

Mettin that reminds us of the strength of the human spirit.
Their

service, given without expectation of recognition, stands as a

testament to the belief that one individual's dedication can ripple

through the lives of many, sparking change, fostering resilience, and

inspiring hope.
Today, we honor

Chief Mettin not just for their remarkable deeds, but for who he is--a

true hero, in every sense of the word.
Mr. Speaker, it is through the work of people like Chief Mettin that

our communities thrive, and our Nation grows stronger.
His actions

remind us that progress is not forged in grand gestures, but in the

cumulative power of selfless acts.
He embodies the timeless American

values of resilience, generosity and compassion, showing us that the

future is built by those who care deeply, act decisively, and give

without hesitation.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my

deepest gratitude to Chief Mettin for his extraordinary service.