Additionally, Sister Judith Ann worked to build a strong

relationship between the Children's Hospital of Illinois and Easter

Seals.
This partnership and collaboration, stemming from Sister Judith

Ann's work, has inspired innovation for children's healthcare across

Central Illinois.
In recognition of her dedication to Catholic healthcare and

leadership, Pope Benedict XVI granted Sister Judith Ann the Pro

Ecclesia et Pontifice Cross in October of 2012.
Additionally, Sister

Judith Ann's incredible service and leadership to the Peoria area,

through OSF Healthcare, earned her the Pere Marquette Award and the

Edythe A. Cohen Business and Industry Award.
Sister Judith Ann's tireless work has greatly impacted the Peoria

community and the state of Illinois.
Her commitment to her vocation and

service to others is truly inspiring.
Congratulations to Sister Judith

Ann on 18 years of service to the Third Order of St. Francis and to OSF

Healthcare.
We are grateful for her dedication to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE LA DODGERS AND FREDDIE FREEMAN

HON.
MICHELLE STEEL

Mrs. STEEL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Los Angeles Dodgers for

bringing home their eighth World Series title.
I am especially proud of

first baseman Freddie Freeman, a California-45 native from Fountain

Valley, for representing Orange County so well on the national stage

and bringing home the World Series MVP award.
Freddie has shown remarkable perseverance in overcoming personal and

professional trials, and this tremendous accomplishment is a testament

to his work ethic and drive to succeed.
A true Orange County hero, Freddie and this Dodgers team have

excelled at the highest level and added to the rich baseball tradition

of Southern California.
I'm so proud of them for their accomplishments

and can not wait to see more championships in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GIUSEPPE ANOIA'S 90TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege and honor to recognize Mr.

Giuseppe Anoia as he approaches his 90th birthday this November.
Born November 19, 1934, Mr. Anoia has been a constituent of

Maryland's First Congressional District since he immigrated to the

United States from Italy in 1961.
He received a degree in civil

engineering from Johns Hopkins University in 1970 and worked for

Baltimore City for 17 years until his retirement in 2000.
Mr. Anoia has

been happily married to Phillis, nee D'Adamo, for over 32 years.
It is a distinct privilege to recognize Mr. Anoia on his upcoming

90th birthday and celebrate this wonderful milestone.
On behalf of

Maryland's First Congressional District, I wish Mr. Anoia a very happy

birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF OFFICER GRACIELA SANTILLANO JAMES

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Graciela

Santillano James for her service and dedication to the community's

safety and prosperity.
Graciela graduated from Dos Palos High School in 1992 and earned her

bachelor of arts degree from Saint Mary's College of California in

1996.
She began her lifelong career after completing the California

Highway Patrol Academy in September 2003.
Initially serving in the San

Jose area, she later transferred to Fresno.
Her skills and teamwork

were recognized, leading to her promotion to the Central Division

Traffic Management Center in April 2009.
She quickly established herself as a respected member of our valley

through her unwavering dedication and eagerness to grow.
In May 2012,

she was chosen for the Central Division El Protector Community Outreach

Program, where she engages with the Hispanic community to share

information about local events, such as townhall meetings, and to

foster trust in law enforcement.
She takes great pride in this

initiative, describing it as a ``service to California.''
As a young girl, Graciela aspired to become a California Highway

Patrol Officer.