In May 2012,

she was chosen for the Central Division El Protector Community Outreach

Program, where she engages with the Hispanic community to share

information about local events, such as townhall meetings, and to

foster trust in law enforcement.
She takes great pride in this

initiative, describing it as a ``service to California.''
As a young girl, Graciela aspired to become a California Highway

Patrol Officer.
She remembers her parents consistently stressing the

importance of education, and she was inspired by watching Spanish

television with her father.
From an early age, she resolutely decided

that she wanted to be the ``El Protector'' of her community.
Her service extends beyond her job as she has demonstrated her

involvement with numerous organizations such as El Concilio de Fresno--

Cesar Chavez Concilio, who has built fundamental relationships for her

programs, Mexican Consulate of both Fresno and Atlanta, Proteus, Inc.,

the Latino Rotary--Fresno, Holy Cross Center for Women, U.S. Department

of Homeland Security--U.S. Citizenship and Immigration and numerous

schools in both Madera and Fresno Counties.
Officer Santillano James has been recognized for her extensive

accomplishments among which include holding office as vice-president

and scholarship coordinator for the Latino Peace Officers Association--

Fresno Chapter, where she is committed to their mission of ``honoring

family, education, and community through service and mentorship.''
Additionally, she was appointed vice-chair for Centro La Familia

Advocacy Services and recognized as an Outstanding Board Member for her

commitment.
Today, we bid farewell and thank Officer Graciela for her service and

going above and beyond for her community.
Despite her career coming to

an end, she continues to represent the Hispanic community as a

bilingual and bicultural officer and aims to motivate individuals.
As

we honor the career of Officer Graciela Santillano James, I commend her

for her advocacy and leadership.
Mr Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring

the career of Officer Graciela Santillano James.
Let us celebrate her

diligence and devotion to the safety of others and educating her

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF GARY LEE BRUNO

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a

distinguished marine, successful businessman, philanthropist, and

cherished family man, Gary Lee Bruno.
Born on August 11, 1946, in

Morgantown, West Virginia, Gary's life unfolded as an inspiring

tapestry of service, resilience, and unwavering commitment.
At the age of 8, Gary and his family planted roots in Fresno,

California, where he navigated the vibrant complexities of a large

Italian family as the middle child of five boys.
His academic journey,

led him to Central High School and later to Fresno State University,

where he earned a bachelor of arts degree in political science.
Concurrently, Gary embraced a profound sense of duty, joining the

Marine Corps while in college, earning his commission as an officer in

July 1966.
Gary's steadfast commitment to service saw him proudly serving as a

U.S. marine for nearly four years, including a tour in Vietnam as an

artillery officer.
His valor and dedication earned him accolades such

as the Navy Commendation Medal (V for Valor), Combat Action Ribbon, and

numerous other commendations.
Retiring from the Marine Corps Reserve as

a lieutenant colonel in 1986, Gary carried the pride of his military

service throughout his life.
While in the reserves, Gary served as the

Headquarters and Support Commanding Officer and was well respected by

fellow marines for his honorable leadership.
Returning to Fresno in 1972 with his wife and baby daughter, Cynthia,

Gary, as a father, reveled in coaching his daughters' cross-country

teams, participating in family activities, and instilling a love for

adventure and shared experiences.
In 1978, he founded G.L. Bruno

Associates, Inc., focusing on real estate development and medical

facility construction, making significant contributions to healthcare

accessibility in the Central Valley.
Beyond his business endeavors, Gary was driven by a core belief in

giving back.