As the mastermind of October 7th, the deadliest day for Jews since

the Holocaust, Sinwar orchestrated the murder, maiming, mutilation,

rape, torture, and abduction of Israelis as well as Americans.
The

IDF's triumph over Sinwar's reign of terror sends a resounding message

to the rest of the world.
The fate of the Middle East no longer belongs

to the antisemitic wars of the past.
It belongs to the Abrahamic peace

of the future, a peace forged in the crucible of Israel's formidable

fighting force.
The heroes of the IDF have shown Israel to be one of the few liberal

democracies willing to fight for liberal democracy and one of the few

Western nations willing to fight for Western civilization.
May God

Bless the IDF.
Am Yisrael Chai (The People of Israel Live).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ANTHONY ``TONY'' VENDETTI

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Anthony ``Tony'' Vendetti.
Tony is guided by a sense to better his community and has always

demonstrated his ability to overcome complex challenges and situations.
As an accomplished scout from BSA Troop 82, Tony is no stranger to

giving back to our community.
He has contributed to several service

projects, such as Adopt a Highway, Scouting For Food, and Wreaths

Across America.
He also continues to volunteer alongside his father at

Harvest Ministries food pantry.
Tony is also a member of Neshaminy High

School's Football Team as a defensive tackle and is a proud electrical

engineering student at Bucks County Technical High School.
After his

graduation in 2025, Tony plans to join the United States Marine Corps

while continuing his education to earn a degree in electrical

engineering.
We are all incredibly proud for the positive impact Anthony has on

our community and wish him the best of luck in his bright future ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PA-1's HOMETOWN HERO: MIDDLETOWN TOWNSHIP POLICE DEPARTMENT

LIEUTENANT KENNETH MELLUS

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

extraordinary individual from Pennsylvania's First Congressional

District--someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in

service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect

and admiration that I recognize Lt.
Kenneth Mellus, one of our

district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles of accolades but by the

quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their

unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their

steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the

foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others

up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of

service and compassion.
Lt.
Mellus has embodied this spirit in ways

that words can scarcely capture.
For the past thirty-eight years, Lt.
Mellus has tirelessly served and

protected our community here in Bucks County.
Lt.
Mellus began his

career with the Middletown Township Police Department in 1985, first as

a patrol officer before serving eight years as a K-9 handler alongside

his faithful partner, K-9 Snowball.
Following his promotion to Sergeant

in 1995, he was instrumental in the development and implementation of

several outstanding and successful community policing initiatives,

including the Citizens Police Academy, Neshaminy School District's

Adopt-a-Cop program, child fingerprinting/ID programs, K-9

demonstrations, and a series of Crime Prevention seminars.
In 2011, he

was promoted to Lieutenant and continued to be a driving force of

innovation and positive change within the department.
His efforts and

contributions towards enhancing and improving the department's IT

infrastructure resulted in nearly all the technology MTPD utilizes

today.
From dash cameras and departmental training to a records

management and scheduling system, Lt.