Their commitment has been

instrumental in ensuring the prosperity of countless families.
The

extensive volunteer hours contributed over the years have allowed

Loaves & Fishes to scale its operations, enabling efficient and cost-

effective service at facilities such as the Frank J. Rus & Donald S.

Toy Food Market & Resource Center.
Over the years, Loaves & Fishes has expanded its mission beyond

addressing food insecurity to include programs that promote self-

sufficiency.
These initiatives include offering emergency assistance

for rent and utilities, help with public benefits, vehicle donations,

Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA), employment readiness support,

and the Moving Up program--a 20-session intensive course designed to

help clients identify and overcome barriers to progress.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have Loaves & Fishes Community Services in

my district, actively working to alleviate hunger and support our

community.
I invite my colleagues to join me in expressing gratitude to

Mike Havala, the current President and CEO of Loaves & Fishes, along

with all the dedicated members of this organization.
May it continue to

be a beacon of service for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 43RD ANNIVERSARY OF CARECEN

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Central American

Resource Center (CARECEN) Established in the District of Columbia as

the Central American Refugee Center, CARECEN is celebrating its 43rd

anniversary this month.
CARECEN was founded in 1981 to provide legal assistance to Central

American refugees.
Today, in addition to providing such assistance,

CARECEN provides several services to D.C.'s Latino community, including

citizenship classes, tenant organizing and legal services.
CARECEN also

advocates for refugees and immigrants from Central America on the

federal level.
Since the 1990s, CARECEN has advocated for granting

Temporary Protected Status for nationals from Latin American countries.
I ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing CARECEN

for its contributions to D.C. and D.C.'s Latino community over the last

43 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SISTER JUDITH ANN ON 18 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE THIRD

ORDER OF ST.
FRANCIS AND OSF HEALTHCARE

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Sister Judith Ann

Duvall for her 18 years of honorable service as the major superior of

the Sisters of the Third Order of St. Francis and as Chairperson of the

OSF Healthcare system in Illinois.
Sister Judith Ann was born just outside of St. Louis, Missouri as the

middle child in a modest Catholic family.
She entered the convent in

September of 1964 and then went on to receive her Bachelor of Science

in Nursing from Northern Illinois University, a master's degree in

Catholic doctrine from St. John's University in New York City; and a

Bachelor of Science in Business Management and Administration from

Bradley University.
Since entering the convent, Sister Judith Ann has

devoted her life to her vocation and the advancement of the mission of

OSF.
During her time with OSF, Sister Judith Ann worked tirelessly in

support of improving the healthcare system in Illinois.
Under Sister

Judith Ann's leadership, OSF experienced dramatic growth.
The OSF

Healthcare system grew from 6 hospitals to 16 hospitals across the

state and has expanded its employment level from 13,000 to 25,000

employees.
In 2013, she helped Peoria welcome the OSF Richard L. Owens Hospice

Home which provides individuals facing chronic illness with

compassionate and merciful caregivers during their journey to eternal

life.
Additionally, Sister Judith Ann worked to build a strong

relationship between the Children's Hospital of Illinois and Easter

Seals.
This partnership and collaboration, stemming from Sister Judith

Ann's work, has inspired innovation for children's healthcare across

Central Illinois.
In recognition of her dedication to Catholic healthcare and

leadership, Pope Benedict XVI granted Sister Judith Ann the Pro

Ecclesia et Pontifice Cross in October of 2012.