It is fascinating that some Conservative Members want to defend not only this completely outdated and barbaric practice of trophy hunting, but the procedure by which a few hereditary peers are elected among themselves, no member of the public having any say in the matter.
May I help my hon.
Friend by saying that in the previous Session, the Bill was introduced by a Conservative Member?
Indeed, a Conservative Member of the House of Lords was going to take up that Bill, but someone else shot in and grabbed it beforehand, with a bit of sleight of hand.
If  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  wants to defend that sort of jiggery pokery, he is welcome to.
Order.
I am anxious for us to come back to the Bill before us, as opposed to discussing a Bill that we might deal with later today about hereditary peers.
Thank you for clarifying that, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Member for Warley for setting out what happened in the Lords, but I will move on.
The Bill will prevent people from bringing into Great Britain hunting trophies from the species listed in annex A, which are the most endangered species, or annex B, which are species threatened by commercial trade, of the principal wildlife trade regulation.
Those lists largely correspond to equivalents in CITES, which is an important international agreement protecting endangered plants and animals, and the UK is a party to it.
The Bill also creates an advisory board on hunting trophies, as some Conservative Members highlighted, which will advise the Secretary of State on any issues relating to the legislation, or any matter relating to the import to Great Britain of hunting trophies derived from species that are, or are likely to become, endangered.
I cannot emphasise enough how crucial this legislation is.
Trophy hunting is not only barbaric, but wholly unnecessary.
In this country, as in most others, we have long recognised that animals should not be subjected to unnecessary suffering.
That principle is reflected domestically in our Animal Welfare Act 2006, and aligns with our understanding, supported by animal welfare science and enshrined in legislation, that animals are sentient beings.
As such, they deserve to be treated with dignity and humanity.
There is nothing dignified or humane about the sport of trophy hunting.
It involves killing innocent animals for the sole purpose of turning their bodies into trophies.
The animals often experience immense pain, fear and distress in the moments before they die.
Some may be shot by inexperienced hunters using less efficient weapons, such as crossbows or spears, which do not deliver a rapid death.
We saw this with Cecil the lion in 2015, who suffered for several hours following his wounding by crossbow in a beautiful part of southern Africa before he was finally put out of his misery.
His death quite rightly caused outrage around the world, including here in Britain.
Other practices that trophy hunting can involve raise further welfare concerns.
I was horrified to learn of the practice of canned hunting—the captive wildlife farming of animals for hunting.
It often involves inflicting extremely poor welfare conditions on the captive wild animals, mostly lions, who may have to suffer from unsatisfactory enclosures, a lack of enrichment, and insufficient provision of shelter and vet treatment, all so that part of their body may eventually become somebody’s trophy.
Let us not forget the negative impact that trophy hunting can have on other animals, such as the harm to offspring, who may be unable to survive on their own after their parent is left for dead.
That was highlighted earlier, as was the weakening of the gene pool.
These are important factors to consider.
Trophy hunting can have a negative impact on wildlife.
Trophy hunters tend to target the world’s most iconic animals, including endangered wild animal species such as lions, polar bears, giraffes and rhinos.
Hunters selfishly kill these vulnerable animals so that they can display their body parts as some sort of perverse prize.
World Animal Protection notes that British hunters have brought home approximately 25,000 hunting trophies since the 1980s, and approximately 5,000 of these came from species at risk of extinction.
The public are right to find  this absolutely abhorrent, and to want to increase the protection afforded to these species, which are already under pressure from habitat loss, climate change, poaching and the illegal wildlife trade, by passing this important legislation.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  eloquently outlined those issues earlier.
Let us not forget how unnecessary these horrors are.
Compared with the overall revenue that local economies gain from tourism, income from trophy hunting is insignificant.
A 2017 report by Economists at Large that analysed eight African countries found that while overall tourism was between 2.8% and 5.1% of GDP in the eight countries, the total economic contribution of trophy hunters was, at most, about 0.03% of GDP, in stark contrast to the claims made by some Conservative Members.
There are more ethical and sustainable alternatives to trophy hunting for conservation.
A recent study showed that 84% of previous or potential tourists to South Africa, including those visiting from within Africa, would be willing to pay a daily “lion protection fee” for wildlife conservation.
Photographic safaris, which, as the Born Free Foundation puts it, involves shooting an animal “with a camera, not a gun”, is another welfare-friendly alternative to hunting trophies.
These alternative activities have the potential to generate income equalling or even exceeding the income generated from trophy hunting without causing pain and suffering to wild animals.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Eltham highlighted that when he mentioned the amazing experience he had on his photographic safari.
Supporting global efforts to promote humane tourism is consistent with recent legislation passed in this House, namely the Animals (Low-Welfare Activities Abroad) Act 2023.
However, I note that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is yet to even consult on the activating regulations that are necessary for the 2023 Act to have any impact, or to give any indication of when such consultation will begin.
I encourage him to do so as a matter of urgency, because wild animals deserve protection, and that requires regulatory action.
On this and so many animal welfare issues, the Government are letting animals and the public down by failing to act.
As the shadow Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed) , pointed out last Friday when another private Member’s Bill containing a broken Conservative party promise was before the House, the Government have completely abandoned an extraordinary number of the animal welfare pledges they had made.
The Government like to tell the public that they have progressed world-leading animal welfare commitments, but Compassion in World Farming ranked the UK only ninth among European countries by percentage of cage-free farm animals, trailing Luxembourg, Austria, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany, Slovenia, Denmark and Belgium.
Although the Government have announced their support for private Members’ Bills on animal welfare issues put forward by their Back-Bench MPs since they abandoned the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, that is not leadership.
I gently say to the Minister that if the Government really cared about animals and wished to honour the enormous public interest in passing strong laws for animals, they would put forward their own  promised measures.
Until they do so, Labour will keep reminding the Government of their broken promises and putting forward private Members’ Bills like this one, which we hope will become law as soon as possible.
We have seen in the House today a near unanimous show of support.
This is not racist, colonial legislation; it is UK law governing what comes into the UK.
That is our right, and the Bill seeks to exercise that, so let’s get on with it and get it done.
Many Members on both sides of the House have been eagerly awaiting the passing of this piece of legislation, as have many outside campaigners who have worked tirelessly on the issue and many of our constituents.
I have had many emails on the issue in Taunton Deane.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar)  for introducing the Bill and all those who have taken part in the debate, not least my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) , who did such a sterling job just one year ago.
I think he will agree that we had a lively debate then, and we have had a similarly lively debate today.
I want to list some of the colleagues from both sides of the House who have spoken eloquently.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  made the point well about taking photographs of these wonderful creatures.
There were interventions by my right hon.
Friends the Members for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers) and for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Watford (Dean Russell) , but there have also been moving speeches, in particular from my hon.
Friend the Member for Crawley.
Of course, many Opposition speakers have joined in as well.
It is clear that the issue of hunting trophies continues to divide opinion.
We have witnessed some of that today from my hon.
Friends the Members for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) and for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin).
There is disagreement over the scientific, social, economic, moral and ethical rationales for trophy hunting, and that will no doubt continue for some time.
There are those who point to evidence of the potential benefits of well-managed hunting—we heard a great deal about that from my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire.
We also heard the other side of the argument, with evidence of the harm caused by poor practice.
I want to stress something critical: we face the triple planetary crisis of biodiversity loss, climate change and pollution.
Those are the greatest threats we face globally and, as the nature Minister, they are in my inbox every day.
I am only too aware of all those threats and of how we need to tackle them.
About 1 million animal and plant species face extinction.
Much of that has occurred very recently—in our lifetime.
The abundance, diversity and connectivity of species is declining faster than at any time in human history, and that includes the species targeted for trophy hunting.
We all know and love them: elephants, rhinos, lions, leopards and polar bears, to name just a handful.
There are those who argue that banning the import of trophies from those animals will do nothing to improve their conservation status, and I am certainly listening to  my hon.
Friends on that, but we have to ask ourselves whether importing into Great Britain trophies from endangered animals helps to tackle biodiversity loss.
Does this trade really help to secure a sustainable future for species on the brink of extinction?
Many animals are under terrible threat anyway because their habitats are shrinking.
That is happening for a range of social and economic reasons, but climate change is certainly part of it.
Ultimately, the aim of the Bill is to ensure that imports of hunting trophies to Great Britain do not put additional pressure on already threatened species.
That is what should concentrate our minds, and that is why I am pleased to confirm that the Government will support the Bill.
In doing so, we signal our continued determination to fulfil our manifesto commitment in this regard.
I have heard the argument that a ban will have implications for local communities and conservation efforts globally, which is definitely something we must consider carefully.
We must be alive to the unintended consequences.
However, the Bill is about imports into Great Britain, as many have said in the debate—my right hon.
Friend the Member for Suffolk Coastal reminded us of that.
This is about listening to the British public.
There is a clear, strong and consistent message that we need to bring to an end the imports of endangered animals taken as hunting trophies.
The winds of change are blowing us in that direction, and a number of countries have already put restrictions in place.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not going to take any interventions, because Members have made so many already and we do not want to restrict the debate on the ultra low emission zone, but I will refer to some of the points that my hon.
Friend rightly raised in a moment.
It is important to recognise that the import ban will not prevent a UK resident or citizen from participating in hunting while they are overseas.
Trophy hunting can and will continue around the world.
It is right that each country should be able to decide how best to manage its own wildlife, and the Bill does not change that.
That point was highlighted vociferously by my hon.
Friends the Members for Christchurch and for North Herefordshire, but it has to be remembered that we are not preventing that.
Countries around the world on both sides of the debate have had regular opportunities to discuss this issue and raise their points.
Indeed, we have had letters from the Presidents of Botswana and Namibia—the high commissioner was written to just yesterday.
It is important to keep in mind the contribution that the UK trade in hunting trophies makes.
Annual imports of hunting trophies to the UK are very few in number—on average, there have been 73 a year over the last 10 years.
Even so, it is essential that we play our part to ensure that communities around the world benefit from conserving the wildlife that they live alongside.
That was reflected in the agreement of the hugely important global biodiversity framework.
There is now a strong and essential focus on how, as a global community, we finance biodiversity, conservation and restoration work.
Members will be aware of just how much the Government are doing on that front, with our huge £93 million Darwin initiative  and our £30 million Darwin Plus initiative.
All of that focuses on biodiversity and conservation, working with locals and indigenous peoples.
Penultimately, let me run through some of the provisions in the Bill.
The Bill will ban the import of hunting trophies from specific species, with the explicit aim of ensuring that imports into Great Britain do not place unnecessary pressure on species that are at risk.
For those species, an import ban without exemptions will be the most effective protection, as it will provide clarity and address the conservation concerns arising from trophy hunting.
Clauses 1 and 2 make provision for the import ban, which will cover trophies brought into Great Britain from animals hunted after the legislation comes into force—there are strict, clear lines about anything that happens before that.
The definition of a hunting trophy in clause 1 is: “the body of an animal, or a readily recognisable part or derivative of an animal, that…is obtained…through hunting…for the hunter’s personal use”.
That is how hunting trophies are defined in our current controls under CITES.
Clause 2 applies the import ban to all species listed in annexes A and B of the wildlife trade regulation.
The wildlife trade regulation implements the convention on international trade in endangered species—CITES—in Great Britain.
Annexes A and B are broadly equivalent to appendices I and II of the convention, and include species that the global community has agreed to protect through trade restrictions due to their conservation status.
They cover a great number of species threatened by international trade, such as big cats, all bears, all primates, hippos, rhinos and elephants.
As a result, the Bill will end the permit system for imports of hunting trophies derived from those species.
There will be no provision for exemptions to the import ban.
Clause 3 is about movements from Northern Ireland.
The clause states clearly that the import ban will “not apply in relation to the removal of qualifying Northern Ireland goods from Northern Ireland to Great Britain.”
Clause 4, which was mentioned by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch, establishes an advisory board on hunting trophies.
The clause states: “The role of the Advisory Board is to advise the Secretary of State on any question relating to this Act”.
Clause 5 simply covers the Bill’s extent, application, commencement and short title.
Let me quickly discuss the impact assessment, as I did not allow any interventions.
We heard some views about the impact assessment and what the Government will do about it, but there are two sides to that.
The impact assessment presented both sides of the debate, but it also highlighted that trophy hunting can lead to population declines and that over-hunting threatens more than 30% of endangered mammal species, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
The impact assessment also noted that trophy hunting quotas are inappropriate, unscientific, excessive and over-reliant on opinions, and that the management of such quotas is based on poor-quality data.
Similarly, a report by the University of Oxford found that the damaging effects of the unsustainable trade in hunting can extend beyond hunting areas.
I hope that I have answered some of the questions.
This has been a very positive and lively debate on both sides of the House.
I thank the right hon.
Member for Warley for bringing the Bill back to the House, and reconfirm that the Government are fully committed to supporting it.
With the leave of the House, I call John Spellar to wind up.
Object!
In that case, I will put the Question.
Question put, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
The House proceeded to a Division.
Will the Serjeant at Arms investigate the delay in the Lobby?
The House having divided: Ayes 49, Noes 0.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No. 63 ).
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
The Bill would overturn the expansion of the ULEZ scheme, simply because it is a cruel, cruel form of taxation.
It is particularly cruel to the poorest in society, hitting heavily those people who have old motor vehicles that they cannot afford to upgrade, with or without a scrappage scheme.
It is also very unfair on business owners—especially those in outer London, who lose out on business that they would otherwise have secured from people travelling in from neighbouring counties to purchase their goods—and on people who live outside London, who have no say in who the London Mayor is.
The border between London and the home counties is not neat.
People in my constituency live in Kent, but some of them have to go into London just to exit their road.
The border straddles some roads.
It is a border that cannot be avoided, and the Mayor of London knows that.
My hon.
Friend and parliamentary neighbour is making an impressive start.
He and I share roads in Crayford and Dartford where people living on different sides of the road pay different taxes.
Some people, such as gardeners and plumbers, travel regularly from Dartford to Bexleyheath and Crayford for work, and they cannot afford this.
It is so unfair, especially as it was not in the Mayor’s manifesto when he was last elected.
That is an absolutely valid point, but I would go further.
About 50% of police officers in the Metropolitan police area live outside London and commute in, and the percentage for all emergency workers is probably about the same.
These are the people who Londoners rely on the most—they are vital to Londoners—but if their vehicles are not ULEZ-compliant, they are hit with £12.50 every single time they go to work.
Even worse, those doing night shifts have to pay on the way in and on the way out again, because at 3 am there might be no public transport.
For emergency workers to be hit with £25 just for doing a night shift is totally and utterly wrong.
My hon.
Friend is making a great speech.
As he knows, he has my full support.
Does he agree that today we will see whose side Labour Members are on?
Are they going to talk the Bill out, or are they going to back those emergency service workers and others in Bexley who want to be rid of ULEZ?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that he has done in this respect.
He is entirely right: we will see today whether Labour Members are in favour of the workers or in favour of Sadiq Khan.
I am following the hon.
Gentleman’s arguments with interest.
In Bristol we have experienced the first year of a clean air zone, which was actually imposed on us as a requirement by the then Secretary of State for Environment, Food and  Rural Affairs,  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , because the Government had been taken to court by ClientEarth for being in breach of air pollution limits and therefore insisted that we should adopt the scheme in Bristol.
If I have a chance to speak later, I will comment on how successful it was, but in any case that seems slightly at odds with the hon.
Gentleman’s argument about local autonomy.
I am grateful for that intervention, because it gives me an opportunity to smash the myth that the expansion of the ULEZ scheme has anything whatsoever to do with air pollution.
If it was about air pollution, the Mayor of London would ban motor vehicles from going into London, but he does not want to ban them; he wants to make money out of them.
If those motorists give the Mayor £12.50, they can drive all day long in London.
He does not give a damn.
Take my constituency in Dartford, for example: many people who previously used the Blackwall tunnel with ULEZ non-compliant vehicles are now having to use the Dartford crossing to get across the Thames.
It is adding to pollution in areas such as Dartford, not removing it.