As I was describing, it was interesting in the interviews I did that none of the commentators could respond when I asked, “How can you defend someone who wants to travel a distance to shoot a giraffe, stand on its corpse and bring parts of it back to this country?”
Nobody seems to be able to answer that question.
I am not saying it was ever right to do that, but what is absolutely clear now is that the British public are certain that they do not want any part of it.
My right hon.
Friend makes a very valid point.
Some in favour of trophy hunting argue that it lends itself to supporting conservation in the country, which seems to me an entirely spurious argument.
We have just seen really promising figures on tigers; there are 5,574 in the wild now.
That is actually a tiny number; there should be many thousands more, but it shows that conservation efforts can pay off if we focus on certain species.
Trophy hunting is not about conservation.
As my right hon.
Friend said, it is about people shooting animals, taking pictures of themselves parading around the corpses and cutting the animals’ heads off to take home.
It is an abhorrent act.
I absolutely agree.
My hon.
Friend has been campaigning on this in Bristol and here in Parliament for many years, from the days when we worked in the Whips Office.
She makes a very strong point.
The argument that says, “We are killing these animals in order to save them” is a bit like saying, “We created a desert and called it peace.”
I really do not buy into that and, importantly, neither do the British public.
There has in the past been the argument that trophy hunting performs the role of culling for protected species.
We have always been able to negate that argument.
There are times when there is a strategy for culling certain species, but that is done on the basis of scientific fact rather than inhumane delight at the killing of animals.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Vastly excessive numbers, such as in certain parts of this country where there are problems with deer, have an impact on woodland and the very proper campaigns by the Government to reforest the country.
In many cases professional hunters do the cull, rather than having people firing crossbows at animals, which can then linger for several days.
Cecil the lion was mentioned.
That case caught the attention and imagination of the British public, and it focused them on this issue and they made it clear that they do not want this practice to continue.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right, but there is another factor to consider.
The elephants taken out are the big leaders of the tribe.
That has a significant effect on the gene pool.
There is already some evidence that elephants with smaller tusks are surviving and therefore, contrary to natural selection, changes are taking place to their appearance.
Also, some hunters do not seem to accept that, although some are solitary, many animals live in social structures.
We saw that with the death of Cecil the lion
and we see with elephants that the social structure and cohesion of elephant herds are completely disrupted.
That applies to other creatures as well.
Hunting is to the detriment of gene selection and the development and maintenance of groups of species.
I wholeheartedly support my right hon.
Friend’s Bill.
As in the title of the Bill, these people are after trophies.
They will not select the weakest in the herd or the pride.
They will go for the one that looks the most magnificent on their wall or wherever they want to display it.
Therefore, they are taking out the strongest, weakening the gene pool and having exactly the opposite effect on conservation.
That is another reason why we need to send a strong message and support my right hon.
Friend’s Bill.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The negative impact on the species as a whole has to be considered, especially, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy)  said, because we are seeing real reduction in some species.
We are getting below the critical mass necessary to sustain the genetic variation of a healthy species.
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
I will just make a little progress, because I mentioned one of the campaigning organisations and if I take interventions before I mention the others, they might think I am leaving them out.
I pay tribute to the many campaigns that have maintained interest in this issue over the years, bringing us—I hope —to the culmination today.
Humane Society International, LionAid, FOUR PAWS and Born Free have all played a prominent role in contacting Members and campaigning.
There is also the coalition against trophy and canned hunting, which includes Action for Primates, A-LAW, Animal Defenders International, Animal Aid, Animal Interfaith Alliance, Catholic Concern for Animals, the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation—again, showing the bipartisan nature of the support—International Wildlife Bond, Labour Animal Welfare Society, OneKind, People for Nature and Peace, Protecting African Lions, Quaker Concern for Animals, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Voice4Lions, World Animal Protection, Wildlife Conservation Foundation and Zimbabwe Elephant Foundation.
If I have missed anyone out, they can text me and I might include them in the wind-up.
Those organisations have worked together successfully to highlight the issue, and we pay tribute to them.
I totally agree with the right hon.
Member on that point.
I support the Bill because I stand with many of my Falkirk constituents who have written to me on the issue.
He mentioned many of the non-governmental organisations.
I have been heavily involved with FOUR PAWS in the UK, which has provided so much useful information to me on the subject over a long while.
As we all know, this is a non-partisan issue.
MPs from all corners of the House have spoken at great length and passionately on the totally incomprehensible nature of this brutal sport.
Enough talking—the time is to make this actually happen.
Does he agree that killing animals for sport is just not an acceptable practice?
The hon.
Gentleman makes that point strongly and stresses once again the all-party support for the measure.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing the Bill forward.
I fully support it and will be voting for it today.
He outlined an impressive list of organisations.
I do not think anybody has mentioned that apparently nine out of 10 of the British public support the ban, and that is something the House of Lords needs to take note of.
I have just been looking through the list of emails I have had on the subject from right across my constituency from Chorlton, Didsbury, Burnage and Withington.
From all kinds of different demographic groups and areas around the country, the British public are absolutely united in wanting this trade banned.