It is a great privilege to follow  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) .
I pay tribute to him, and to many other Members from across this House who have worked so hard, not only in supporting my Bill when it was before the House last year, but in campaigning to end the importation of hunting trophies—the body parts of endangered species —to this country.
It has been a fantastic effort.
As we  have heard, the Bill enjoys the support of well over four  fifths of the British public.
Indeed, there was a commitment to do what the Bill proposes in a manifesto on which I stood for election four and a half years ago, and I understand that that commitment has been reflected in the manifestos of many other parties represented in this House.
Last March, the Hunting Trophies (Import Prohibition) Bill that I introduced passed through this elected Chamber unanimously.
As we have heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , we accepted compromise amendments to make sure that it reflected as many views as possible.
When it went to the other place, a very small minority of peers acted discourteously in the way that they sought to block the legislation.
That is why we have had to bring it back, and I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for Warley for doing so.
I mentioned the widespread support for this legislation in this country, but it is also extremely popular in other parts of the world.
Southern Africa has been mentioned.
Last year, I was in a number of southern African countries where there is a clear desire among the majority of people to make sure that such legislation is enacted in this country—and, as the right hon.
Gentleman said, in other countries as well.
Hunting for trophies is not a natural practice for people in southern Africa; it is a colonial import to the continent from the time of colonisation.
It is not native.
The ending of this practice enjoys widespread support across the world.
As the right hon.
Member for Warley said, the practice that we are discussing is not unique to Africa.
Claims have been made that somehow this is racist legislation that tells countries around the world how to act and conduct their hunting policy.
Let us just remind ourselves that this Bill is import legislation; it says that we in this country, by a clear majority, choose not to allow the importation of body parts of endangered species slaughtered by hunters to Great Britain; that is the territorial extent of this Bill and what it is designed to do.
Nevertheless, it would send a strong signal that these practices are deeply damaging to conservation, as he eloquently said.
Damage is done to the gene pool by taking out the top animals in a pride of lions, or the big tuskers from a herd of elephants.
That is beginning to damage the ability of those animals to survive.
Let us remind ourselves of what this Bill is about.
It is not about banning hunting, although I might have a view on that; it is about protecting endangered species before it is too late.
In my hon.
Friend’s tour of Africa, did he have the opportunity to meet President Masisi of Botswana, who has described western interventions as “a racist onslaught”?
He has said: “It’s racism.
They talk as if we are the grass the elephants eat.
It startles me when people sit in the comfort of where they are and lecture us about the management of species they don’t have.”
I have not met the current President of Botswana, but I have met the previous one, President Khama, on a number of occasions.
He is passionate about ending trophy hunting, because it is not typical African communities who benefit from it, but the big industry that supports it.
Botswana is a good example, because in such countries there is a huge difference of opinion over whether trophy hunting should go ahead.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman for the work he has done on this issue.
Is not the answer to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  that the Bill deals with the import of trophies to the UK, and says nothing about Botswana?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct.
As I said, this is import legislation; its territorial extent is Great Britain.
It is about what we choose to import to this country, and a clear majority of the British people do not want the body parts of endangered species imported here, because they care about these majestic species and want them to continue to exist, for the sake of their children, grandchildren and many generations to come.
The idea that killing an endangered species saves an endangered species is absurd and should be called out for what it is.
I, too, pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that he has done on this issue.
I reiterate that it is absurd that we are back here, because this House agreed unanimously to take this Bill through.
My constituents, who are very far away from many of the countries in which this practice happens, are absolutely passionate about ending it.
However, as has been stated, this Bill is not about the practices in those countries; it is about what we import to our country.
If we do anything, we should make sure that we end this abhorrent act of importing the carcases of endangered animals for people to stick on their wall.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has been stalwart in supporting me in this campaign.
He is absolutely right to remind us again about what the legislation does; it is about what we choose to import or not to this country.
The Bill applies to the importation of endangered species’ body parts, no matter where in the world the animals were hunted, so it would also prohibit the importation of trophies hunted from polar bears in Canada, as the right hon.
Member for Warley said.
We do not hear people claiming that we are being racist against the Canadians because we choose not to import endangered polar bears.
We need to remind ourselves what the legislation does.
I could speak with passion on this principle for hours, but I am conscious of parliamentary procedure, and I do not want to detain the Bill’s passage any further.
I once again call on hon.
and right hon.
Members from across this elected House to send a clear message: we in this country choose not to import the body parts of trophy-hunted endangered species to Great Britain.
All of us here are familiar with the term “trophy hunting”.
We have come to recognise the evil acts that those two harmless-sounding words represent, but for those watching who may be less familiar with the term, animal welfare organisations such as SPCA International define it as “the hunting of…animals for sport, not for food.
Usually, the animal is stuffed or a body part is kept for display.”
They go on: “Many hunters claim that trophy hunting isn’t bad for animals.
They say they are supporting animal conservation.
The opposite is true, live animals support the population of their species.”
The League against Cruel Sports says: “We believe this multi-million pound industry is unjustifiable from an animal welfare point of view, but also for conservation, as it is responsible for endangering several species around the world.”
As for “sport”, that word is usually reserved for activities that revolve around the more positive aspects of life: fitness, healthy competition, teamwork, friendship, personal achievement, endeavour and endurance.
Not a single one of those could be attributed to an activity that involves an individual choosing to photograph themselves grinning triumphantly as they celebrate killing a once gentle and graceful giraffe, whose lifeless body now lies slumped and twisted at their feet, pumped full of deadly bullets.
My good friend the vet and animal welfare campaigner Dr Marc Abraham OBE agrees.
He says: “Anyone with an ounce of compassion and kindness despairs at seeing these images of cowardly, pathetic trophy hunters grinning over their still-warm kill.
Exploited animals used as pathetic props to maintain, even elevate, an online self-image of superiority, without any shred of guilt or conscience.”
He describes those taking part in these killings as having “a tragic lack of empathy and the highest form of narcissism”, and says that “to be complicit in this most extreme, callous form of animal cruelty, plus then to harvest the body parts and ship them back home to the UK, couldn’t be a clearer indicator of violent antisocial behaviour.”
Every Member of this House will have had emails and letters from, and meetings with, constituents who love and value animals, and loathe those who exploit, harm or kill them.
There are so many British people who show such kindness—who campaign on behalf of animal charities, who volunteer, who make donations or fundraise, and who share a love for our planet and the incredible, breathtaking wildlife that we are so fortunate to benefit from.
How dare a few wealthy individuals decide that they have the right to buy and cause the death of a lion, polar bear or elephant.
Alongside our constituents, there are those who use their fame and public platforms to fight for the protection of animals.
Those campaigners include frequent visitors to Parliament whose passion is infectious—people such as the wonderful Peter Egan, friend to many in this place, who for years has fought hard to raise awareness and keep a ban on trophy hunting imports at the top of MPs’ agendas.
Peter works with the fantastic campaigner Eduardo Goncalves, who we talked about earlier, and who is supported by many across this House, including my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar) , who has never given up fighting to protect animals during his time here.
He steps down at the next general election, but it is vital that we carry on his compassionate work.
I absolutely pledge to do that to the best of my ability.
No speech about animal welfare should leave out top animal champion Ricky Gervais.
He could spend his days polishing his many awards, but instead he chooses to condemn trophy hunting and shame those who consider the murder of animals to be a hobby.
He supports the ban and has called trophy hunting “humanity at its very worst”.
The murder of animals for fun is also condemned by Chris Packham, Bill Bailey, Joanna Lumley and Sir Ranulph Fiennes, as well as MPs and activists across the political divide and those with no political affiliation whatsoever.
The legendary Jane Goodall said: “Trophy hunting is utterly cruel, utterly unnecessary and utterly disastrous from a conservation perspective.
It inflicts pain and suffering on animals for no other reason than to boast of some ephemeral ‘prowess’.
There is no material human need met by it; it is a hobby, pure and simple, and a deeply wrong one at that.”
I urge colleagues to support the Bill.
I sincerely thank my right hon.
Friend the Member for Warley for bringing it forward.
I echo the words of the Humane Society and say that there is “no excuse” for trophy hunting, so let us get the ban done.
The one thing that unites the House is that we all want to see successful conservation, but this Bill has always been about racism and neocolonialism.
This Bill is questioned by science and by African countries.
If anybody, no matter how much they think they love animals, is thinking about writing to me or contacting me about trophy hunting, I insist that they seriously consider what African representatives have said about both the Bill and the people who support it.
Over the last 22 years, 73 CITES-listed species of animal have been imported as hunting trophies.
In the same period, the pet industry has traded in over 560 listed species.
If hon.
Members care about CITES, then perhaps the Bill should include pets as well.
I do not believe anybody in the House intends to be racist, but this Bill crosses the line.
The Namibian Environment Minister, Pohamba Shifeta, has written to our Environment Secretary denouncing the Bill as “regressive step towards neo-colonialism…
Your bill implies that your judgments supersede our insights and expertise… Such unilateral actions, made without consultation and collaboration with us…challenges the sovereignty of nations like Namibia.”
We have talked about Botswana and I will quote what President Masisi says.
It is worth remembering that Botswana had 50,000 elephants; it now has 130,000 elephants.
The population increases year on year by about 5,000 elephants.
Some 400 trophy hunting licences are issued, but those licences have never all been taken up.
When President Masisi describes intervention in Africa’s wildlife as “a racist onslaught”— On that point, will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I am in the middle of a quote, but I think the President will forgive me for allowing the hon.
Gentleman to intervene.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that the House is perfectly entitled to make decisions having considered all the facts, not just selective facts?
It can then decide that it does not want hunting trophies to be brought into this country, and it is perfectly entitled to make that decision.
If I did not respect the House, I would not have bothered to turn up today, so I do not think that is a valid point.
We must consider how we would feel if Botswana, Namibia, Tanzania, Zambia, South Africa or Zimbabwe were legislating on what we do here.
Awkwardly for the hon.
Gentleman, we  are not banning trophy hunting in the UK.
We are targeting CITES-listed species, but we do not seem to care that there are 5,000 such species, of which only a handful are actually relevant.
To continue, the Namibian Environment Minister, Pohamba Shifeta, says this is “regressive step towards neo-colonialism”— whether it is meant that way or not.
He goes on to say, “Your bill implies that your judgments supersede our insights”— those of the people who actually look after these animals.
He says: “Such unilateral actions, made without consultation…challenges the sovereignty”.
President Masisi said that this is “a racist onslaught” from people who “sit in the comfort of where they are and lecture us about the management of species they don’t have.”
He was not just speaking for himself.
Last November, The Times, The Telegraph and the Daily Mail reported that ordinary Africans share the President’s view.
The paper quoted from a survey of 4,000 people in Botswana, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe who said that the UK legislation was “racist” and “neocolonial”.
That is what they are saying about us.
Although I respect the sovereignty of this House, I would not like it if they said things like that about us, and I am astonished that the hon.
Gentleman does.
I do not read The Times very often, but the hon.
Member said that the African community leaders and conservationists he referred to rightly argue that it is not for us in the west to decide how they should manage their wildlife, and that that is why he cannot endorse the Bill.
I am not telling them how to manage their wildlife, or demanding that they do it in a certain way.
What I and many Members in this House are saying is that we do not want those disgusting trophies in this country.
It is simple.
The African countries find it appalling that British politicians show no concern for the African lives threatened by these animals.
They are furious with the virtue-signalling proposals, which lack scientific credibility.
Time and again, they return with the facts and they are completely ignored by hon.
Members in this debate.
I will come on to what Oxford University said about the facts and figures given by  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) .
This week, Botswana’s Minister for Environment and Tourism, along with the high commissioners of Namibia, South Africa, Zambia and Botswana, came to this House to express their dissatisfaction with the Bill.
This is significantly different from when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith)  brought forward his Bill.
There was no pushback from African countries then.
Now we are seeing significant unhappiness from those countries about the Bill.
DEFRA Ministers and their Labour shadows know that the high commissioners of the six African nations have jointly condemned the Bill as inexcusable meddling in Africa’s democratic affairs.
There are in the UK tens of thousands of trophy hunting animals that the Bill does not cover.
If the UK hates trophy hunting, it should ban it here first.
I do not particularly want to see that, but that is what people in Africa feel.
On Second Reading of last year’s Bill that proposed such a ban, the Minister told the Commons that its purpose was to reduce the “impossible pressures” on Africa’s wildlife.
Other MPs argued that the measure would save thousands of animals from the barbaric and savage African practice of legal hunting.
Indeed,  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  used other such adjectives, but this is misleading.
In fact, MPs’ statements on Second Reading were analysed in an Oxford University study, and 70% were deemed to be factually incorrect.
The Bill covers 6,000 species and most of those are not threatened by trophy hunting.
Since 2000, the UK has imported about 1% of the species in the Bill—that is in 24 years.
At least 20 species that the UK imports may be or are benefiting from trophy hunting.
Rural Africa welcomes controlled legal hunting, as it helps to manage excessive herds and rogue animals.
Furthermore, the fees that hunters pay bring significant amounts of cash into remote areas, where tourists and photo safaris cannot get to.
This creates incentives for villagers to refrain from poisoning, snaring or shooting the animals.
Between 20% and 100% of concession fees usually go towards community land.
Africans know that legal hunting reduces illegal hunting.
It is the poaching, often funded by Chinese criminal gangs, that puts at critical risk the survival of the species that we all treasure.
Those brutal gangs are indiscriminate in how many animals they kill.
By contrast, legal hunting estates need and want to grow their herds to ensure the future of their businesses, and that is why they invest heavily in anti-poaching patrols.
They provide the armed guards that are vital to protect these animals from gruesome deaths.
This legal hunting operates under strict quotas, agreed by national Governments and the international regulator.
As a result, the herds have flourished.
One paper found that in Kenya, where hunting has long been banned, there has been a dramatic fall in wildlife numbers.
Another study found that Botswana, which did ban hunting, saw a horrific surge in human-wildlife conflict, with a 593% increase in the discovery of elephant carcases.
That disaster led to a quick reversal of the ban.
In 2016, briefings from the International Union for Conservation of Nature stated that “legal, well regulated trophy hunting programs can, and do, play an important role in delivering benefits for both wildlife conservation and for the livelihoods and wellbeing of indigenous and local communities”.
In a letter to the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Namibia’s Minister for Environment and Tourism said: “We are most concerned about how this proposed law would undermine the finances of our Protected Areas and Conservancies… The lack of dedicated land and the protection which protected hunting pays for would critically undermine the survival of species which we all love.”
He went on to say: “The implications of this legislation, therefore, extend far beyond what has become known as ‘trophy’ hunting, potentially impacting the livelihoods of rural communities that rely on the revenue it generates.”
A joint statement from southern African Government representatives in the UK opposed the Bill.
I think the hon.
Gentleman indicated that only 1% of trophies have come to this country.
If it is only 1%, enacting this piece of legislation will not make that much difference to those countries, will it?
It would make enough difference for the hon.
Gentleman to turn up for the debate, and for me to do so.
It would also make enough difference for all the representatives of those southern African countries who care about the creatures that we all purport to care about to say that the Bill is wrong.
In fact, they said: “If income streams from trophy hunting were substantially reduced—as would be the outcome of this Bill—land would be abandoned and subject to poaching, or converted to less biodiversity-friendly uses, such as agriculture and livestock production.
Local communities who live near and with wildlife would suffer.”
I think it is pretty clear that they do not think that the hon.
Gentleman is right.
The statement ends: “Southern Africa’s track record on conservation is world-leading, and we use trophy hunting to do it.
Let us continue to do so.”
I recognise that that is awkward for Opposition Members who care about animals, but the people who are responsible for those animals are telling us that we are wrong.
Botswana is the top country in the world for large animals, with Namibia second and Tanzania third.
All three countries have paid hunting, which finances protected space and armed guards for those animals.
The country that is 123rd in the world—that is us—is, in the words of David Attenborough, one of “the most nature depleted countries in the world”.
We got rid of the last brown bear 1,000 years ago and our last wolves 264 years ago.
Africa’s human population has risen eightfold during our lifetimes, causing immense pressure on the land available for wildlife.
That means that Africans increasingly come into conflict with big animals, which may eat their goats, threaten their children or trample their villages.
Last year, Botswana’s Minister for Environment and Tourism started an article published in the Daily Mail by saying: “Last month, I attended the funeral of two villagers in my homeland, Botswana.
Both were in their teens, tragically killed by charging wild buffalo as they travelled to school and work.
Sadly, this was not an isolated incident.”
She went on to say: “believe me, I do understand the horror people feel when they see a photograph of a trophy hunting person posing beside a recent kill.
Lion killings in particular seem to cause outrage among Britons, especially after the notorious shooting of Cecil the lion by a US trophy hunter in Zimbabwe in 2015.
The widely circulated picture of Walter Palmer standing over Cecil’s body became emblematic of man’s destructive relationship with nature.
Reasonable though this reaction is, it is a knee-jerk one.
It fails to acknowledge that for many Africans, trophy hunting is vital for the local population.
It is a wildlife conservation measure that generates income used to combat illegal poaching, support community development and enhance habitat protection.
Sadly,” she says, we “all too often…focus solely on animal welfare at the expense of human life in Africa.”
I have thought carefully about the amendment that I intend to table.
The Bill does not need to keep coming back in the way in which the right hon.
Member for Warley has brought it back.
My amendment will ensure that the Bill protects certain species, while recognising that other countries may be even better at managing conservation than we are.
It will allow the Secretary of State to add or withdraw countries from a list of those that issue hunting licences and show sufficient levels of concern for conservation.
Any hunting trophy obtained  under licence in a country that was on the list would be exempt from the ban.
Kenya would not be on the list, as it does not allow hunting and its wildlife numbers, sadly, have declined; but countries that do allow it and are doing a good job should be allowed to continue.
This Bill is being questioned by science and by African countries, and there is no excuse for blundering into inadvertent racism.
If we want Africa’s big animals to survive into the future, I ask the House not to ignore the science and the misinformation that endangers the animals that we care the most about.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin) , but I cannot say that I agreed with a single word of his speech.
He quoted David Attenborough, but David Attenborough has described trophy hunting as “incomprehensible” and certainly does not support it.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar)  for presenting the Bill, to  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Henry Smith)  for his earlier work, and to our departed friend Bob Blizzard, who did an enormous amount of work on this issue when he was a Member.
I wanted to make this short contribution because I had the privilege of going on safari when my wife and I visited Africa.
It was the trip of a lifetime.
If I ever have the chance to go back and do it again I do not think it will be the same trip, because the first experience of seeing these magnificent beasts in their own habitat is something you never forget.
I want to impress that on the people who seek what I suppose is the “thrill” of murdering these beasts.
Within two hours of arriving at our camp, we were in a truck being taken to look at the wildlife.
As we sat in that open-sided truck, a lion walked past the bottom of it; I could look down and see its back as it walked past me.
I sat there and thought, “What the hell am I doing here?”
There is no cage around the truck, but you trust entirely the stranger you have just met—the guide who takes you around—while a wild beast only a couple of metres away walks calmly past the truck.
The experience of getting close to those animals is something never to be forgotten, but the most memorable experience was seeing, beside the Chobe river in Botswana, a herd of elephants feeding at dusk, talking and grumbling to one another as they ate the reeds on the river bank.
We got quite close to these huge beasts, and felt entirely safe.
Indeed, we felt that we were privileged to be so close to them in their natural habitat.
The idea that anyone would go into that environment with a gun and slaughter those animals is beyond me.
If you want to experience wildlife, don’t go murdering it; get up close to it and experience it in that way.
I ask Members to imagine this for a minute.
There were probably about a dozen people in our truck.
If every one of us had a gun and went out slaughtering these animals, the effect across the species would be enormous, but when large numbers of us go to these countries armed with cameras rather than guns, the effect on their economies is enormous.
We have heard arguments today about being racist towards African countries, but it is not just about African countries.
I have not heard anyone say we are  being racist to Canadians by not wanting polar bears to be imported.
In the words of David Attenborough, this is incomprehensible.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I am going to give way once, but I do not want to take up too much time.
The Canadian Government have not written to object—it is the African countries that object to this.
I hope that was clear from what I said earlier.
I am sure it was, but the hunting fraternity only contributes to a very tiny bit of those countries’ economies.
What we seem to have heard today is an argument that without the enormous wealth of the people who go trophy hunting, conservation cannot be afforded.
I just do not accept that that is a reasonable argument.
Of course, people can pay; I would pay an enormous fee for the privilege of going to see these animals in their own habitats—and leave behind that fee in order to pay for conservation.
There are ways that we can contribute to conservation that way outstrip the money that Members on the Conservative Benches have been talking about.
Let us be honest: the majority of the people who talked the Bill out in the other place were hereditary peers.
That is the truth of it.
The enormously privileged wealthy, calling this idea, which has enormous support from all the people, socialist—well, because it has the support of the people, it has to be socialist, doesn’t it?
It has to be socialist, because commoners want it!
How could the Conservative party possibly support a measure that is so socialist in its fundamental objectives?
It is complete nonsense, but there is a species that perhaps we should be metaphorically hunting to extinction: the position of the hereditary peers and their ability to vote on laws in our country.
That is an outdated anachronism that has to come to an end, and the person who starts that hunt will have my full backing.
It is a pity that in a debate that should be about facts,  the hon.
Member for Eltham (Clive Efford)  has allowed his prejudices to come to the fore.
I do not think that helps his cause—indeed, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin)
and I agreed that it shows that we are winning the argument, because the hon.
Gentleman and some of his colleagues are having to resort to smearing Members of the other place.
Those Members tabled perfectly reasonable amendments; the problem was that they ran out of time for discussion.
The previous Bill was amended in this place.
That was only because my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire and I tabled a large number of amendments, which put pressure on the promoter of the Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) , and the Government to accept some of those amendments.
One of the amendments was to add what is now clause 4 of the Bill, and another was to remove from the Bill a Henry VIII clause allowing the subject matter to which the Bill would apply to be extended by statutory instrument without any proper consultation.
This Bill is a better Bill than the one that was first introduced into this place by my hon.
Friend the Member for Crawley, but it  is still very defective.
Certainly, I think it would be a much better Bill if the amendments suggested by my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire in his excellent speech were to be incorporated into its text.
rose— I will happily give way, if need be.
I am most grateful—sorry, I was a little slow to intervene.
As always, my hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
The purpose of the amendments is to ensure that we take any risk of racism away from this legislation, because at the end of the day, we are united in wanting better conservation.
That is what unites us.
The disagreements across the House are on the means to the end.
Everybody wants to have better conservation of endangered species and wildlife in Africa.
Like the hon.
Member for Eltham, I have had the privilege of going on safari in Africa—indeed, in South Africa—on two separate occasions.
One was in about 1984, when it was pretty hard to find the wild animals we were looking for in the game reserves.
When I went again, about 18 months ago, there was an abundance of rhinos, giraffes, elephants, lions, leopards and so on.
We had the most amazing experience.
People used their cameras, and they relied on the protection provided by the excellent team that looks after and conserves that safari park or game reserve.
We could see with our own eyes that people were trying to poach the animals that were being looked after, and the cost of anti-poaching measures is incredibly high.
How will that cost be funded unless it is paid for by the people who are engaged in the conservation?
One small means by which they raise funds is by allowing the collection of trophies, and almost all the trophies that are not kept in Africa are imported into the United States, Spain or Germany.
Very few are brought into this country.
Whatever happens to this Bill, trophy hunting will continue—but it may not include the import of a small number of trophies into this country under a licensing and regulatory regime that has stood the test of time.
Instead of regulation, we will have an outright ban.
Why are we doing that?
The 2021 impact assessment in respect of an earlier Bill said: “Why is government intervention necessary?
Government intervention will address public concerns about imports of hunting trophies from endangered animals.”
Essentially, the Government’s impact assessment admits that this is about presentation, virtue signalling and pandering to public opinion, whether or not that public opinion is sound.
Let us take ourselves back to when the Government and Parliament took the view that we should abolish capital punishment.
At that time, a vast majority of the population took the view that we should keep capital punishment.
If we had applied the principle that is being applied to this Bill, we would still have capital punishment because it would “address public concerns” about people being murdered.
We, in this House, need to rely on science and fact, rather than allowing prejudice and ignorance to prevail, which is one of the reasons why I hope the Bill will be improved, if it receives Second Reading today.
Section 4 of the impact assessment, from paragraph 98 onwards, refers to the costs of this proposed legislation, which is the point that my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire and I are seeking to get across to the Government.
The impact assessment says: “A 2019 letter from 130 researchers described how in African countries that practice trophy hunting, more land has been conserved under trophy hunting than under National Parks, with hunting areas contributing to landscape connectivity.
Some argue that restricting the import/export of trophies from hunting risks land conversion and biodiversity loss, and other alternative area management strategies must be in place to promote conservation, protect endangered species, and support livelihoods.
Furthermore, many questions remain on whether alternatives such as wildlife tourism can effectively replace trophy hunting, especially in areas with poor political and economic stability, and areas with less aesthetic appeal.”
That is not what I am saying; it is what the Government said about the costs of this legislation when they did their impact assessment, which goes on to say: “Wildlife conflict with local people can impose serious costs including causing physical harm and death, damaging crops, predating livestock and competing with livestock for food.
Where wildlife provides few benefits to local people and/or imposes substantial costs, animals are often killed for food, trade, or to remove problem animals.”
That is a welcome recognition by the Government of some of the realities surrounding this subject, rather than the prejudices of people who have been ill informed by certain organisations.
In paragraph 100 of the impact assessment, the Government also concede that: “Evidence suggests that trophy hunting can provide a value for animals which incentivises their protection for the purposes of hunting rather than indiscriminate removal, e.g. land use change to agriculture.
Without trophy hunting, an income stream linked to positive conservation outcomes could be lost and other options need to be in place to address this conflict.”
That is what the Government said in their impact assessment, so I hope we are going to hear from the Minister how they will address the concerns that they recognised, if indeed they are still hell-bent on pushing this legislation through to try to get it on to the statute book.
The Government also conceded in their impact assessment—perhaps this is a point that my hon.
Friend the Minister could refer to—that: “A ban in the legal movement of animal trophies could have the unintended consequences, including increasing the illegal trade in wildlife parts which is unregulated.
It could also reduce the amount of protein available to local communities as meat is often a by-product of trophy hunts.
After a hunting ban in 2014 in Botswana one village lost the provision of 154 tonnes of meat, so less protein was available to the community.
This resulted in an increase in illegal poaching and documented declines in wildlife.”
Those are facts.
What is the Government’s response to the facts to which they referred in their own impact assessment in 2021?
The issue of costs is discussed in paragraph 102: “One of the major arguments for hunting for trophies is that it provides financial benefits to local communities, and without trophy hunting these benefits could be lost.
However, the extent to which local communities truly benefit is widely debated.”
Of course, that is the debate we are having today.
Let us not take a view that all the people who support this Bill are lovers of animals and all the people who are against  it despise animals.
Nobody could be a stronger supporter of animals than I am.
Indeed, my wife and I are proud that we have produced a daughter who is now a veterinary surgeon.
Can one adduce any more evidence of the importance of inculcating into one’s children a love of animals that their parents share?
Let us have none of this nonsense suggesting that this is not a vile activity and that those who are against this Bill should be subject to some sort of vilification.
That is completely ridiculous.
Let me also refer to the letter to which my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire referred from the Namibian Association of Community Based Natural Resource Management Support Organisations.
The letter was sent to all British MPs, and I am disappointed that more of my parliamentary colleagues who will have seen that letter are not present.
One asks rhetorically, what have they done as a result of the points made in it?
Mr Louis says: “Please do not regard Africans as being incapable of deciding our domestic policies.
The reason we have legal hunting is that it pays for protected land for our big animals.
As our human population grows, it is crucial for our lions and elephants to have such space.
Our rhinos also require armed guards to safeguard them from ruthless poaching gangs financed by Chinese criminals.
When there are no guards, massive numbers of the animals get killed by these brutal gangs.
Legal hunting pays for the guards and kills far fewer.”
When we as a family were in South Africa, we saw the consequences of what happens with rhinos.
To try to disincentivise the illegal poaching of rhinos, the rhinos are de-horned, but such is the value of rhino horn now, even from dead animals, because of ill-conceived bans on its use, rhinos are now being poached just for that part of the horn that is no longer visible, which is part of an extension of the head.
That is a consequence—an unintended consequence, obviously—of the restrictions on countries exporting the rhino horn from dead animals.
That is why this is a very nuanced debate, and I am not sure we are getting as close to that today as their lordships were when they were debating the legislation on Report in their House.
This very important letter from Maxi Louis goes on to say: “The evidence for this is in the peer-reviewed science which shows how successful Africa’s system is at defending our precious animals.
People who have read this science—and back legal hunting—include the EU Commission”— I am not sure that is his strongest argument— “and George Monbiot”, which is a stronger argument.
He continues: “So does the global regulator, the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
We use legal hunting to manage our big animals because they are a mortal risk to us and our children.
African lives are at stake.
You do not have any dangerous wild animals.
Britain got rid of its last brown bears 1,000 years ago and its last wolves 264 years ago.”
In his conclusion, he says that “wildlife in Africa is flourishing.
Because of our management.
We ask for no more virtue signalling.
It is arrogant, ignorant and racist.”
I could not have put it better myself.
That is why I am disappointed that the Government continue to pander to those who would fit into the description given by Maxi Louis.
I turn now to the amendment that was made to the Bill introduced in the last Session by my hon.
Friend the Member for Crawley.
In introducing this Bill today,  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar)  did not refer to that, except to say that that amendment was in the proposed legislation, and that it showed how we had passed a Bill to the other place as a result of a consensus.
That is one interpretation of what happened on that Friday when we were debating amendments on Report.
Essentially what happened, as you may recall, Madam Deputy Speaker, was that there were a large number of amendments, and a deal was done whereby two of those amendments were accepted, and all the others were rejected.
One new clause about setting up an advisory board on hunting trophies is now in the Bill, and I wish to speak briefly about the importance of that and the background to it.
Who will decide on issues relating to hunting trophies?
I think we should have expertise, rather than people who are prejudiced.
Clause 4 states: “(1) The Secretary of State must appoint an Advisory Board on Hunting Trophies (“the Advisory Board”).
(2) The Advisory Board appointed under subsection (1) may have up to three members.
(3) The role of the Advisory Board is to advise the Secretary of State— (a) on any question relating to this Act which the Secretary of State may refer to the Committee; (b) on any matter relating to the import to Great Britain of hunting trophies derived from species of animal which appear to the Secretary of State to be, or to be likely to become, endangered.”
That is an improvement on the original Bill, because it would require the Secretary of State to take advice, instead of just listening to the mob, so to speak, and I am pleased that that measure is in the Bill.
Clause 4(4) states: “In appointing members of the Advisory Board, the Secretary of State must have regard to their expertise in matters relating to the import of hunting trophies.”
One thing we discussed previously, which I do not think we have discussed today, is the extent of the Bill.
The Bill extends to England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, but the prohibition on imports applies only to imports into Great Britain.
Why is that, and why does the right hon.
Gentleman, in limiting the Bill to imports into Great Britain, think that that will help meet his objective?
Does it not show that we are no longer one nation of the United Kingdom, but that there will be a different regime in Northern Ireland, compared with the one that prevails in the rest of our country?
I hope the Minister will be able to explain why, if the Government are in favour of the Bill, and if they purport to be a Government for the whole United Kingdom, rather than just Great Britain, they are proposing to restrict the import of hunting trophies into Great Britain and not into Northern Ireland.
Perhaps it has something to do with the fact that there is an open border between Northern Ireland and Ireland, and that Ireland is in the European Union, which has a much more benevolent approach to the import of hunting trophies than this Government seem to have.
That important issue needs to be addressed in the Bill, and I hope that if it goes into Committee, we can ensure that its provisions apply equally to all parts of the United Kingdom.
There is no need to speak at great length on something like this when the arguments against the Bill are so strong, but we should not vilify those people who engage in conservation measures in the way that some have been seeking to do.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
If we compare Kenya with other countries in southern Africa, we see that Kenya’s well-intended ban has been totally counterproductive, whereas in southern Africa there has been tremendous progress on the conservation of endangered species.
On a lateral point, is the collection of rare and endangered butterfly species illegal in this country?
No, with very few exceptions.
If we are free to pin butterflies to the wall or put them in display cabinets, does it suit us to preach to people in Africa about their conservation measures?
I think not.
We talk about the importance of culling, which is essential to control the numbers of a species in the restricted area of a wildlife park.
We cull in this country, particularly deer.
That culling can include the use of rifles to shoot the deer that people think have the finest antlers.
Those antlers are kept as trophies.
That is not my line of business at all, but I respect that other people might like to do that.
It is all part of culling to ensure that we do not have too many deer to manage.
This complex Bill is worthy of further detailed consideration, but I am worried that the Government may have a secret agenda: they may try to use the Parliament Acts on this legislation.
I would be grateful if my hon.
Friend the Minister could assure me that under no circumstances will the Government seek to override the Parliament of this United Kingdom by seeking to use the Parliament Acts on a Bill that was rejected in the other House—not because it was voted down, but because not enough time was given for it.
I am not sure that there is any precedent for the Parliament Acts being used when debate in the other place has been curtailed through lack of time, the Bill has been brought back in the next Session, and the Government’s failure to provide time is used as a justification for using the Parliament Acts.
I would be grateful if the Minister could respond to that point when she winds up the debate.
Finally, let me put on record that I am against this Bill having a Second Reading in its present form.
Hopefully, I will have the opportunity to vote that way later.