Some of the arguments relate very much to Africa, but I remind colleagues—I pay tribute to the campaign by the Daily Express on this—that other regions of the world are also involved, such as polar bears in Canada.
The Bill demonstrates that the public do not want those magnificent creatures to be slaughtered not only for a bizarre form of pleasure, but to decorate people’s houses.
They do not understand it.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing this Bill forward.
Is it not the case that this legislation is supported by campaigners in many countries, including in Africa?
They love their animals and recognise that there is much more to be gained and it is much more profitable to keep these animals alive, rather than to allow this barbaric practice.
My hon.
Friend is clearly speaking on behalf of her constituents in Nottingham in expressing those strong views.
In a number of programmes yesterday, I pointed out that for the long-term sustainable future of tourism in these countries, it is much better to have tourists shooting animals with cameras rather than with rifles and crossbows.
We need to look towards a future of sustainable species and people being able to enjoy these animals not just through historical videos from David Attenborough, but by visiting themselves.
That gives rise to a great and long-term industry.
I agree with everything that the right hon.
Gentleman has said, as well as paying tribute to my Sussex colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) , for having persevered with this issue for so long.
We should not be here; this legislation should have gone through already.
I have been struck by the number of emails I have had from my constituents about how important this matter is, so may I make a practical offer to Members of the House of Lords who are minded to  try to sabotage the Bill again?
I speak as the chairman of the all-party parliamentary group for photography, and we will have a special category in the exhibition this year for wildlife photos, so that those Members can show how brave and manly they are by getting up close with cameras rather than guns.
Is that a deal?
I am not sure their knees could take it, but that is a further matter.
I absolutely take the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes, and he is right about expanding the scope so that people can show their skill in photography and show these magnificent creatures in their natural environment.
That is the record they should have—not some grisly trophy on the wall.
I fully understand his point.
I am also pleased that the hon.
Gentleman raised the question about colleagues being here today.
I realise where we are in the electoral cycle, and that we have elections everywhere across England and Wales in May.
Many colleagues will therefore want to be out campaigning, so I thank colleagues who are here today and hope they will be able to participate to put across their constituents’ views.
I hope that constituents understand the effort that sometimes has to be made to be here on a Friday, given constituency pressures.
I think it was the distressing case of the killing of Cecil the lion that alerted many people to what is happening.
I, too, have many constituents in Chipping Barnet who want this Bill to go through.
That is why I am here today to support it.