10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine improving capacity for

critical mineral recovery through electronic waste

recycling and reuse.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine pathways to women's

entrepreneurship, focusing on understanding

opportunities and barriers.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled,

``Primary Care and Health Workforce Expansion Act'',

and other pending calendar business.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine governing AI through

acquisition and procurement.
2 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

Closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence

matters; to be immediately followed by a closed

briefing on certain intelligence matters.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Clean Air, Climate, and Nuclear Safety

To hold hearings to examine cleaner trains, focusing on

opportunities for reducing emissions from America's

rail network.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Native priorities for the

2023 Farm Bill reauthorization.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the United States

Patent and Trademark Office.
3 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine implementing the PACT Act.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold a joint oversight hearing with the Committee on

House Administration to examine the Capitol Police

Board.
JULY 27

9:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine solutions for single-use

waste, focusing on expanding refill and reuse

infrastructure.
10 a.m.

Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine the economic impact of

diabetes.
TBA