Currently, it is home to over 40,000

people and is the largest municipality in Westmoreland County.
While Hempfield Township is an important hub for business and

industry, the township never forgot its rich agricultural heritage.
Hailing from southeastern Pennsylvania, its early settlers were largely

of German descent and worked to refine grain.
As people moved to the

area, Hempfield grew and is now home to several manufacturing

facilities, institutes of higher education, and recreational businesses

that are important to southwestern Pennsylvania's economy.
Above all,

the township's people exemplify the values of good citizenship and

devotion to their community.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate Hempfield Township on their

250th anniversary and look forward to building on this storied history

over the next 250 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND BRAVERY OF THE DEPEW FIRE DEPARTMENT

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join in the celebration

of Depew Founders' Day by recognizing the Depew Fire Department and the

many volunteer firefighters who keep this community safe.
It takes

bravery, courage, and skill to run toward a fire while others are

moving to safety.
It is because of these brave men and women that Depew

families can sleep at night assured that a strong, capable, and well-

trained force is at the ready to help in their time of need.
Since 1894, the volunteer corps of the Depew Fire Department has

grown to become the largest volunteer fire department in Erie County

and 1 of the largest in New York State, with over 115 active members

serving 5 Hose Companies and 1 Hook and Ladder Company spread across

the village:

Hose Company No.
1

Aetna Hose Company

Cayuga Hose Company No.
3

Central Hose Company No.
4

West End Hose Company No.
6

Hook and Ladder Company No.
1

This is a close-knit community with deep ties to Depew, and with

generations of firefighters stretching back over a century of service.
I thank Chief John Gauthier, for his leadership, and to the many

generations of Depew Fire Department volunteers present and represented

at the 2023 Depew Founders Day Celebration.
Their service and sacrifice

are greatly appreciated, and I wish them all safety and success as they

continue to serve this great community.
I am honored to join in the celebration of Depew Founders' Day, and

to recognize the dedication and courage of the Depew Fire Department

here from the Halls of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING MS.
EDNA PEMBERTON, A TRUE LIVING LEGEND

HON.
JASMINE CROCKETT

Ms. CROCKETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a very special

constituent, Ms. Edna Pemberton.
Ms. Pemberton is a well-respected

community leader whose tireless efforts have led to creating a better

and safer way of life for those around her.
As a servant leader, Ms.

Pemberton has been at the forefront of several initiatives such as, the

City of Dallas' Teen Curfew Ordinance and the Cielo Ranch Apartment

Crime Prevention Outreach program.
These programs are just a small part of the expansive work that Ms.

Pemberton has produced in the Dallas community.
Ms. Pemberton's faith

in the power of community service has led her to work relentlessly

across the city of Dallas to reach communities in need and to never

back down from doing what's right.
She's won numerous awards from

various organizations recognizing her community service--all of which

is a testament to her commitment to improving the lives of our

neighbors across Dallas and abroad.
In addition to her efforts around

community service, Ms. Pemberton has another special gift which

includes seeking out the issues that are most pressing our communities

and putting action behind them.