As we mourn the loss of a true pillar of our community, let us also

celebrate the profound impact Armand Martinelli had on the lives of

countless individuals.
Through his selfless dedication to education,

service, and family, he leaves behind a legacy that will continue to

inspire future generations.
May the memory of Armand M. Martinelli

serve as a beacon of hope and goodness in our community, and may we be

reminded of the power of a single individual to positively influence

the lives of others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER RAKER

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Christopher Raker who

passed away at the age of 78 on July 5, 2023.
Christopher was a

longtime resident of Mill Valley and beloved member of the community.
Born in San Francisco to John and Elda Jane Raker, Christopher,

nicknamed Chris, lived in the Palace Hotel where his grandfather was a

general manager.
The family later moved to Concord, Massachusetts and

Chris enrolled at Columbia University before joining the Navy and

serving as a lieutenant during the Vietnam War.
After his military

service Chris earned a master's degrees in English Literature from the

University of Virginia, and a master's degree in architecture from

Harvard University.
He settled in Mill Valley, California in 1975.
In 1989, Chris opened Raker Architects in Mill Valley.
The firm

contributed to key modernizations in Southern Marin, including the

Corinthian Yacht Club, Mill Valley Lumber Yard, and most notably, Mill

Valley Miller Avenue Precise Plan, which resulted in the development of

a pedestrian-friendly reconfiguration

of the prominent and highly trafficked Miller Avenue.
Beyond his

architectural profession, Chris made notable contributions to the town

as a Planning Commissioner.
After 2 years, he served on the Mill Valley

City Council from 1996 to 2007, including as its mayor.
Chris also served as president of the American Institute of

Architects San Francisco chapter and board president of the Corinthian

Yacht Club.
In his free time, he was active in the performing arts and

enjoyed skiing, swimming, and time spent as a soccer coach.
Chris was known by his colleagues on the Planning Commission and City

Council for his direct and open-minded approach to difficult issues and

great sense of humor.
He was a respected mentor to many.
He is survived

by his daughter Bianca Raker, wife Donna Raker, brother Edmond Raker,

and 3 nephews.
Mr. Speaker, Christopher Raker was a dedicated public servant and

active community member who was committed to improving the quality of

life for Mill Valley residents.
I respectfully ask that my colleagues

join me in extending condolences to Chris's family and friends and in

expressing my appreciation for his decades of good work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY

on Roll Call No.
333, NAY on Roll Call No.
334, NAY on Roll Call No.
335, NAY on Roll Call No.
336, and NAY on Roll Call No.
337.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF HEMPFIELD TOWNSHIP

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Hempfield

Township of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania on the 250th anniversary

of its founding.
Since 1773, Hempfield Township has grown into 1 of the largest

municipalities in Pennsylvania.
Currently, it is home to over 40,000

people and is the largest municipality in Westmoreland County.
While Hempfield Township is an important hub for business and

industry, the township never forgot its rich agricultural heritage.
Hailing from southeastern Pennsylvania, its early settlers were largely

of German descent and worked to refine grain.