Title: CONGRATULATING THE AMERICAN LEGION POST 1288 ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
124

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE AMERICAN LEGION POST 1288 ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY

CELEBRATION

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the American

Legion Post 1288 on their 50th Anniversary.
The American Legion Post 1288 is part of the National American

Legion--the world's largest veteran's organization.
Chartered in

Bolingbrook on January 17, 1972.
The Post 1288 has been serving area

veterans and the Bolingbrook community for over 50 years.
Post 1288 is

active and participates in numerous activities and events such as:

local parades and ceremonies; fundraisers to support area veterans;

visits to area veterans in hospitals or long-term care facilities;

support for youth activities such as Scouting, Boys State, and

Baseball; and providing the Honor Guard detail at veterans' funerals or

memorials.
Members include veterans from all branches of service who have

proudly served their country and continue to serve through

participation in the American Legion.
The American Legion proudly recognizes the contributions veterans

have made to our country and shares their stories about their time in

service.
Post 1288 is an active participant in various activities

including ``Gifts to the Yanks Who Gave'', Poppy Days, Veterans in The

Classroom, Blue Star Service Banners, among many others.
These services

provide invaluable support to veterans and the local youth while

unifying the community behind the cause of public service.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commemorate the American Legion Post

1288 and proud to represent the communities it serves.
I ask my

colleagues to join me in recognizing this milestone with best wishes

for many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARLOS GRAUPERA

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and offer my

thanks to Carlos Graupera, of Lancaster, for his 50 years of service

and leadership.
Mr. Graupera retired this year as the Chief Executive

Officer of the Spanish American Civic Association (SACA), an

organization he founded in 1973 to serve Lancaster's growing Latino

community.
In 1961, Mr. Graupera emigrated to the United States with his family

from Cuba.
He would attend Saint Joseph's College and work in community

development, before founding SACA and beginning his tenure as the

organization's first CEO.
In 50 years, SACA has grown substantially to support and improve the

lives of Lancaster County residents.
SACA operates a senior center,

behavior and health services, a community radio station called Radio

Centro, supports economic development through SACA Development, and

operates a network of workforce development training programs called

Tec Centro.
I've been fortunate to see the good work that they do

first-hand.
Mr. Graupera is now assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer of

the Tec Centro Workforce Network, which operates workforce development

programs in Lancaster, York, Lebanon, and Reading.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Graupera's 50 years of service as CEO of SACA have

made a deep and lasting impact on the community and in countless lives

of those who have benefited from good works of SACA.
As he steps into a new role, we wish him continued success and thank

him for his life of leadership and service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARCUS MASON

HON.
STEVEN HORSFORD

Mr. HORSFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

proclamation recognizing Marcus Mason.
Whereas, Marcus Mason, at the age of 21, worked on a winning

Congressional campaign, before beginning his tenure as the youngest

Chief of Staff on Capitol Hill.
He served the people of California's

37th Congressional District, fighting to save the Long Beach Naval

Shipyard and secured federal funding to repair Compton Creek, saving

nearby communities from damaging floods.