At Schriever Space Force Base, working on an AbilityOne

Contract, Matthew dedicated himself to serving his brothers and sisters

in arms once again.
Starting as a ground's maintenance worker and

general clerk, Matthew's determination, willingness to learn, and

leadership qualities caught the attention of PCSI, propelling him to

the role of Quality Control Manager.
In this capacity, he successfully

revamped the Quality and Training programs, resulting in decreased

injuries, enhanced safety measures, and flawless internal audit

reports.
Matthew's exceptional achievements have set him apart from his

peers, serving as an inspiration to both employees and colleagues.
I take great pride in acknowledging Matthew's unwavering commitment

to service, both within and beyond his military career.
It brings me

great satisfaction to witness his national recognition from

SourceAmerica for his outstanding contributions at Schriever through

the AbilityOne Program.
His story is a testament to the transformative

power of dedication and perseverance, and I am confident that his

accomplishments will continue to inspire others to follow in his

footsteps.
Matthew Liptrap embodies the caliber of hardworking and

talented individuals that make our great nation, and my home state of

Colorado, a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
MICHAEL ROBBINS

HON.
JIMMY PANETTA

Mr. PANETTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Michael

Robbins for his bravery and service as a U.S. merchant mariner during

World War II.
Serving from July of 1943 to May of 1946, Mr. Robbins

sailed with the U.S. Merchant Marine aboard the SS Olney, the SS

Pendleton, the SS O. Henry, and the SS Hoke Smith.
During World War II, nearly 250,000 civilian merchant mariners were

activated to serve as part of the U.S. military and to delivered troops

and supplies by ship to foreign countries engulfed in the war.
They

faced treacherous conditions along their routes.
Between 1939 and 1945,

9,521 U.S. merchant mariners gave their lives--a higher proportion than

those killed than in any military branch--in defense of our nation.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt called their mission the most difficult

and dangerous transportation job ever undertaken.
Hailing from Atlantic City, New Jersey, Mr. Robbins enlisted in the

U.S. Merchant Marine at only 15 years old.
He began his wartime efforts

as an ordinary seaman, chipping away rust and old paint from the ship.
While aboard SS O. Henry and transporting supplies in the

Mediterranean Sea, his convoy was attacked by air.
Mr. Robbins, still a

teenager, acted to defend his ship by delivering 20mm ammunition to the

ship's crew.
Mr. Robbins would go on to serve in the Atlantic,

Mediterranean, and Pacific theaters.
Mr. Robbins received several decorations during his service,

including 3 War Zone medals awarded to Merchant Marines for their

service in the Pacific, the Atlantic, and the Mediterranean and Middle

East.
He also received the World War II Victory Medal for honorable

service while on active duty, the Philippine Liberation Ribbon, the

Combat Bar, the Honorable Service Button, a Presidential Testimonial

Letter, and the Battlin' Pete Patch.
Mr. Robbins and the U.S. merchant mariners of World War II who played

crucial roles in the country's war effort were awarded the

Congressional Gold Medal in 2020, the highest honor Congress can bestow

on civilians.
It was an honor to present the medal to Mr, Robbins then,

and it is an honor to recognize him here again today.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues in the U.S. House of

Representatives to join me in honoring and celebrating the dedicated

service of Mr. Michael Robbins for his valor and service in defending

our country.
May his legacy continue to inspire us for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR.
ARMAND M. MARTINELLI

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.