Ms. Pemberton's faith

in the power of community service has led her to work relentlessly

across the city of Dallas to reach communities in need and to never

back down from doing what's right.
She's won numerous awards from

various organizations recognizing her community service--all of which

is a testament to her commitment to improving the lives of our

neighbors across Dallas and abroad.
In addition to her efforts around

community service, Ms. Pemberton has another special gift which

includes seeking out the issues that are most pressing our communities

and putting action behind them.
From organizing food drives to

moderating conversations between members of the community and local

police, she always puts herself at the heart of several impactful

issues.
In an environment where social justice is needed now more than

ever, acknowledging the impact that relationships between local

community members and law enforcement have, Ms. Pemberton eased

tensions by creating a foundation of communication between the groups.
Equipped with the knowledge, patience and compassion of her community,

Ms. Edna Pemberton has continued to enrich the lives of others.
She is an outstanding example of the underappreciated heroes that we

have all across our City, State, and Country.
I am confident that

because of her impact and service that our communities are a better

place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks

section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each

week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 20, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 25

3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine artificial

intelligence, focusing on principles for regulation.