As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks

section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each

week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 20, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 25

3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine artificial

intelligence, focusing on principles for regulation.
JULY 26

9 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to continue consideration of S. 2251, to

improve the cybersecurity of the Federal Government, S.

2291, to establish the Northern Border Coordination

Center, S. 2289, to direct the Director of the

Information Security Oversight Office to assess foreign

influence in the National Industrial Security Program

and to develop a single, integrated strategy to better

identify and mitigate such foreign influence, S. 2278,

to establish Image Adjudicator and Supervisory Image

Adjudicator positions in the U.S. Customs and Border

Protection Office of Field Operations, S. 2248, to

require a pilot program on the use of big data

analytics to identify vessels evading sanctions and

export controls and to require a report on the

availability in the United States of emerging and

foundational technologies subject to export controls,

S. 1332, to require the Office of Management and Budget

to revise the Standard Occupational Classification

system to establish a separate code for direct support

professionals, S. 2219, to amend the Congressional

Accountability Act of 1995 to expand access to

breastfeeding accommodations in the workplace, S. 2292,

to improve the transparency of purchases by the Federal

Government of data or information that can be used to

identify an individual, S. 2286, to improve the

effectiveness and performance of certain Federal

financial assistance programs, S. 1524, to ensure that

whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected

from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a

reprisal, S. 2283, to prohibit the procurement of

certain items containing perfluorooctane sulfonate

(PFOS) or perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and prioritize

the procurement of products not containing PFAS, S.

2270, to establish and maintain a database within each

agency for executive branch ethics records of noncareer

appointees, S. 2293, to establish the Chief Artificial

Intelligence Officers Council, Chief Artificial

Intelligence Officers, and Artificial Intelligence

Governance Boards, S. 2073, to amend title 31, United

States Code, to require agencies to include a list of

outdated or duplicative reporting requirements in

annual budget justifications, S. 2032, to require the

reduction of the reliance and expenditures of the

Federal Government on legacy information technology

systems, S. 1973, to require the purchase of

domestically made flags of the United States of America

for use by the Federal Government, S. 2256, to

authorize the Director of the Cybersecurity and

Infrastructure Security Agency to establish an

apprenticeship program and to establish a pilot program

on cybersecurity training for veterans and members of

the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life, and S.

2260, to require transparency in notices of funding

opportunity.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer

Protection

To hold hearings to examine taking account of fees and

tactics impacting Americans' wallets.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine the fiscal consequences of

climate change on infrastructure.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine opportunities for Congress to

reform the process for permitting electric transmission

lines, pipelines, and energy production on Federal

lands.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine improving capacity for

critical mineral recovery through electronic waste

recycling and reuse.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine pathways to women's

entrepreneurship, focusing on understanding

opportunities and barriers.