I have a copy of the Government’s response to the developments last night addressed to the Home Affairs Committee, and I find the response completely unacceptable.
Are the Government seriously implying that Fiona and Ellie, who have been disbelieved and called liars by the British state their entire lives, are spreading “misinformation” about a process they have been directly involved in?
That would be a deeply damaging thing for any Government to imply.
Worse, there is a line in the letter about the Government’s proposed inquiry in Oldham that says that the Government “have been in discussions with Oldham Council about the right approach for Oldham”.
How can that possibly be right?
How can the Home Office discuss the right approach with the very local authorities being investigated?
It would be like the Post Office inquiry sitting down with the Post Office to  negotiate how it should be investigated.
Will the Minister explain how the Government will restore trust right now in the process, given the contents of the letter that she sent to the Home Affairs Committee last night?
Can I be completely clear?
I am suggesting that I will listen completely and utterly to the feedback from the victims who were on the panel and those who still are.
They are not spreading misinformation at all, but the hon.
Member’s interpretation is a brilliant case in point.
I will be completely honest.
The conversation with Oldham is: do we not think it might be better for Oldham just to take part in a statutory inquiry?
It has absolutely nothing to do with the idea that Oldham is telling me what to do.
The more people on the Conservative Benches—[Interruption.]
Oh, the hon.
Member can hold up his letter and have a smug face all he likes, but the fact of the matter is that there is no council in this country that will tell the inquiry where it can and cannot go.
I have said that 1 million times from the Dispatch Box, yet the same thing gets peddled again and again.
I know that the Minister will not want to comment on individual candidates to chair the national grooming inquiry.
However, may I put on record that Jim Gamble is a highly regarded police officer with a long experience of dealing with this matter?
His leadership of the child exploitation and online protection centre proved what a fearless and fiercely independent figure he was, with a real track record of tracking down sick paedophiles online and off.
Does the Minister agree that the chair of the inquiry must be someone who can earn the trust of those who have been let down by those in positions of authority for far too long?
Will she confirm—I hope that she will—that the inquiry will not shy away from issues of race or class and will follow the evidence wherever it leads?
First and foremost, I absolutely confirm that that will not happen.
Not only that, but I confirm that the Home Office has asked police forces across the country to collect data on ethnicity.
That was not done before.
I will not be drawn into his point about the chair; it is not up to me.
However, I will say that the gentleman my hon.
Friend mentions resigned from a previous role in this field because he thought that the then Government were not invested enough in tackling child sexual exploitation.
The victims of these crimes were vulnerable children who were ignored, gaslit and dismissed.
Two victims have now resigned because of the process, its failure and their lack of faith in it.
Yet, I hear what appears to me to be an aggressive and defensive tone from the Minister.
Yes, that is because of you lot.
She should remember that those people are watching.
Will she listen to the victims and does she regret that those two individuals have resigned from the process?
I absolutely regret that they have resigned from the process.
Funnily enough, in the particular instance of one of the people, I have had no involvement in that process.
I do not know who are on the panels of victims; it is entirely independently managed by a grooming gang charity.
One of my only interventions was to ensure that the names of some of the voices that I thought deserved to be heard were included.
I have done that on a number of occasions.
I will, of course, listen to them.
Actually, I am meant to be with those panels of victims, hearing their response, right now.
As I have said, I will take the feedback of anyone, both publicly and should they want to speak to me, as I have approached them.
I am always sad when victims feel that they cannot take part in a process—of course I am.
There are many different victims and they have many different views.
There are ones that we hear publicly.
But I want to make it clear that there are many different victims and we have to ensure that all their voices are heard equally, whether they are part of the process or not.