Our maternity wards are in a state of crisis, with death and injury rising at an alarming rate.
Sadly, this issue is not confined to Shropshire, and there has been a steady drumbeat of maternity scandals, with review after review finding consistent failings across the NHS.
Can the Secretary of State explain to me and the many mothers I have met who have faced tragedy and unacceptable trauma why the Government are cutting national service development funding—ringfenced funding to improve maternity care—by more than 95% and why the immediate and essential actions from the Ockenden review into the failings at Shrewsbury and Telford hospital trust, which were to be implemented nationwide, are still not in place more than three years later?
We really are not; what we have done is devolve funding and responsibility to local level, which we think is the right thing to do.
If I may say so, it is quite irresponsible to suggest that maternity funding and funding for services has been cut in the way that the hon.
Lady describes.
I think it causes unnecessary concern.
We are taking into account the recommendations made by Donna Ockenden, as well as a wide range of other reviews and inquiries, as part of Baroness Amos’s rapid investigation, because I, like the hon.
Member, want to see rapid improvement in maternity services across the country.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of increasing ringfenced NHS funding for children’s hospices to £30 million by 2030.
Children’s hospices provide crucial support, but for too long they have faced the cliff edge of annual funding cycles.
I am really proud that we have provided certainty with a three-year funding settlement of £80 million, giving children’s hospices the stability and predictability they need to plan properly and focus on caring for seriously ill children and their families and loved ones.
I am sure that the hon.
Member will join me in welcoming the certainty that we have delivered for the sector.
I absolutely welcome the Government’s announcement last week that funding for children’s hospices will be extended for the next three years and will rise in line with inflation.
Julia’s House is one such hospice that serves families in my constituency.
However, children’s hospices still face challenges in accessing funding from local NHS bodies and councils, addressing workforce shortages and holding integrated care boards to account for the way in which they commission children’s palliative care, so what reassurance  can the Minister give that children’s hospices will benefit from sustainable financial support both now and in the future?
I am delighted that Julia’s House hospice received £525,000 from the allocation.
I am sure that was very welcome to the staff and the families.
It is also worth noting that, of the £100 million allocation that we made to capital funding, £12 million went to children’s hospices.
That is an increase on top of what we have just been talking about.
Of course, there are challenging times for funding, but we have also provided the sector with a huge amount of certainty and stability.
This funding is welcome, but hospices such as Mountbatten in my area are still making cuts because of the budgetary choices that the Chancellor made and ICB practices.
This is a multi-year funding settlement, but multi-year funding settlements need to be longer.
Will the Minister commit to including all hospices in a longer multi-year funding settlement for stability in the sector?
I find it quite extraordinary that Opposition Members come to this House and lecture us on the sustainability of funding, given the way in which they crashed the economy and left us in a dire fiscal position.
I would have hoped that the hon.
Gentleman would welcome the fact that, rather than the annual funding cliff edge that they left for vital children’s hospices services, we have moved to a three-year funding settlement.
His criticism beggars belief.
What progress his Department has made on the implementation of the new hospital programme.
The Conservative Government’s promise of 40 new hospitals by 2030 was a fantasy—there was no funding beyond last March.
In January, we published a realistic plan that put the programme on a credible and sustainable footing.
We are committed to delivering all the schemes in the programme and are moving at pace with funding in place for design work, construction activity and business case development.
The Conservatives still have not apologised for the appalling state that they left our NHS in.
Torbay hospital is the third oldest hospital in the United Kingdom.
It has a tower block wreathed in scaffolding to stop bits of it falling off rather than it being under repair, and it has sewage leaks throughout.
Sadly, it needs significant investment, which has been kicked into the long grass.
A senior manager described the situation only this week as “dire”.
Will the Minister meet me and hospital representatives to explore how we can achieve the investment to turn this round?
The hon.
Member makes an excellent point; it was echoed by Lord Darzi in his report about the state of our hospitals, and I know many hon.
Members have similar problems.
I have visited many such hospitals and would be happy to discuss the matter with him further.
I remind him that, of course, the  Torbay and South Devon NHS foundation trust has been provided with £7.3 million from the estates safety fund for works at the hospital, and we are absolutely committed to ensuring that it will be developed in line with the programme.
What recent progress he has made on reorganising the NHS.
We are putting the final nail in the coffin of the  hon.
Member’s party’s disastrous Lansley 2012 reorganisation—so bad that it made me become an MP.
We are abolishing the world’s biggest quango, NHS England, along with 200 other bodies.
The question is: why did the Conservatives not do that when they had the chance?
Yesterday I met Lila, a sixth-form student at Coombe Dean school, who raised the issue of long waiting lists for mental health services for children and young people across Devon.
What action has been taken as a result of the Government’s policy of reorganising the NHS to reduce the unacceptable delays in mental health diagnosis and treatment for children and young people, particularly in constituencies such as South West Devon?
All of us as constituency MPs are fully aware of the state of mental health services, particularly for young people, which is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care is working at pace on our manifesto commitments to support young people, particularly through schools.
We also understand the difficulties that her ICB in particular has with its financial situation—something we are also targeting as part of our reforms to ensure that ICBs develop services for local people in line with the expectations that we have set them.
Likewise, in York, children and adolescent mental health services are just not working for children, who are left on waiting lists often with no management or treatment.
In order really to achieve reorganisation in our NHS, would our Government look at local authorities commissioning mental health services, to deliver such services and to meet the holistic needs of young children’s development and mental health wellbeing?
Again, I echo comments on the state of mental health services, as the hon.
Member has done.
As it says in our manifesto, we are committed to those 8,500 extra mental health support workers in local areas such as hers.
It is important that commissioners work closely with their local authorities on mental health services, and I know my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care is ensuring that that happens as part of the reforms we are undertaking.