The Minister shakes her head, but that is what Ellie-Ann Reynolds said.
Fiona also raised the issue of Sabah Kaiser, who has been acting as a liaison officer on behalf of NWG.
Just two years ago, Ms Kaiser described calling out the fact that the majority of perpetrators were of Pakistani heritage as “destructive, distracting, irresponsible”.
Given those frankly appalling views and the complaints about them by survivors, will the Minister ensure that Ms Kaiser plays no further role?
Victims and survivors have also questioned the suitability of former police officers or social workers to chair the inquiry.
They do not believe that people from the professions that failed them so badly are suitable.
Will the Minister accept this feedback and appoint a judge to lead the inquiry?
Will the Minister confirm that the scope of the inquiry will not be diluted, as both Fiona and Ellie-Ann say is now happening, and that it will focus on the cover-up of the rape gangs scandal because of the fact that the majority of perpetrators were of Pakistani origin?
Finally, Fiona said this yesterday: “I just won’t be gagged and controlled by the Government while they turn this inquiry into a cover up.”
Will the Minister apologise to Fiona and Ellie-Ann?
The right hon.
Gentleman cannot have listened to my remarks at all if he is suggesting that the Government have silenced anybody.
The Government have not handled the process; it has been handled by a grooming gang charity.
He cited and named a victim of crime.
If the right hon.
Gentleman had done anywhere near the level of work that I have done, he would know that not all victims and survivors are of the same opinion.
They are not one homogeneous group of people who all think the same thing, who all want the same exposure and who all want their identities known.
I have spoken to Fiona Goddard many times, and I will continue that relationship with her, should that be what she wishes.
Every single survivor who has been engaged with—there have been many—will have different feelings on the subject.
With regard to the right hon.
Gentleman requiring a judge, Baroness Casey said to the House in the Home Affairs Committee that she did not want a traditional judicial-led inquiry.
She was explicit about that.
Can anyone in the House find me an institution that did not  fail these girls over the years?
That includes our courts, which took children away from the grooming gang victims and which criminalised some of them.
There is no institution in our country that has not failed.
Today, I will meet many of the victims and get their feedback, and I will continue to progress with that in mind.
I will engage with all the victims, regardless of their opinions, and I will listen to those who have been put in the media and are put in panels.
I will always listen, and I will speak to all of them.
Oldham has stepped forward to take on a local inquiry, and it has been waiting to understand what the move to the national inquiry means for its work.
The same is true of victims and survivors, whose bravery and strength in the most difficult circumstances have been truly remarkable.
What arrangements have been put in place to ensure that there is a clear front door, offering support that is fully independent of councils and police forces?
While local deep dives are clearly essential, can we have an assurance that if the evidence takes an investigation beyond council and police force boundaries, it will be followed to the fullest extent?
I will not be chairing the inquiry, so I can only say to my hon.
Friend that the terms of reference—I am not sure this is usual—will be consulted on in public.
That is because of the issue of bad faith and the concern about transparency.
The remit of the inquiry will be decided by the chair, living within those terms of reference.
Having been part of various different inquiries or watched them from a distance, I know that no stone will be left unturned.
Whoever chairs the inquiry will feel empowered to do what they think is best.