What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the increase in employer’s national insurance contributions on general practices.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor at the Budget, we are investing an extra £1.1 billion in general practice—the biggest increase in a decade.
That funding has allowed us to recruit an extra 2,000 GPs, agree a contract for the first time in four years, and introduce online access.
Does the hon.
Member welcome that investment, or would she cut it?
GPs surgeries across the Weald of Kent, including in Woodchurch and Charing, tell me how much they struggle with rising staff costs, and the national insurance increases in last year’s Budget put huge pressure on them.
Alongside the investment that the hon.
Gentleman just mentioned, what discussions have he or his colleagues from the Department of Health and Social Care had with Treasury colleagues about protecting GP partnerships from further NI burdens in the upcoming Budget?
Again, I find it extraordinary that Conservative Members have the brass neck to ask those kinds of questions.
They created the mess, and now they are criticising us—it is a bit like the arsonists heckling the firefighters.
Patient satisfaction in general  practice has risen from 67% last year to 75% this year, and the proportion of patients reporting difficulty contacting their practice has fallen from 18.7% in July 2024 to 10.6% in May 2025.
We are just getting started, and I did not hear the hon.
Lady welcome the investment.
What steps his Department is taking to support people with acute myeloid leukaemia.
This Government are committed to improving survival for blood cancers, including acute myeloid leukaemia.
We are raising awareness, delivering more research, and improving early diagnosis.
Blood cancer is the third biggest cancer killer, and the fifth most common cancer in the UK.
That is why we are committed to developing a national cancer plan, with patients at its heart, covering the cancer plan from referral and diagnosis to treatment and ongoing care.
Having consulted with key stakeholders and patient groups, I confirm that that plan will be published early in the new year.