This week we learned about the incredible results of the Galleri trials, which allow the early identification of many tumours by looking at DNA circulating in the blood.
Indeed, I was a volunteer in this trial.
Will the Secretary of State join me in recognising the central importance of medical research?
Absolutely.
The new progress, particularly around circulating tumour DNA, is really interesting, and we are moving forward with more investment in research so that we can bring forward more such treatment.
What recent steps he has taken to increase access to GP appointments.
What steps his Department is taking to improve patient access to GPs.
We strengthened the NHS front door with £1.2 billion for general practice, the biggest cash increase in over a decade.
We promised to recruit an extra 1,000 GPs in our first year—we recruited 2,000.
Patients are now able to request appointments online, which is a huge step towards delivering our manifesto commitment to end the 8 am scramble.
Great Western Park has added 3,000 homes to Didcot, in my Oxfordshire constituency, and Valley Park, which is under construction, will add 4,000 more.
However, the new GP surgery promised in 2008 remains a barren patch of land and existing facilities cannot cope.
The integrated care board is supportive, but progress has stalled due to NHS England’s involvement.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that integrated care boards should have the authority to direct primary care funding, and will he meet me to help to unblock the new GP surgery my constituents desperately need?
Let me come back to the hon.
Gentleman after I have found out what has gone wrong in this case.
As he points out, ICBs are responsible for commissioning, planning, securing and monitoring GP services within their health system, through delegated responsibility from NHS England, and capital is allocated to ICBs on a basis that takes account of annual population growth.
I can understand his frustration and that of his constituents, so let me find out what has gone wrong and come back to him.
After 14 years of a Conservative Government, poor access to GPs is something that we have come to know well in certain areas of my constituency of Sherwood Forest.
In Hucknall, demand for GP appointments is overwhelming to the point that one practice has had to close its online system.
Promises of a super-healthcare system were made by the previous Government but never delivered.
Meanwhile, local Ashfield independent politicians have disgracefully used this as a political football.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that there has been far too much talk and not enough action, and that it is now time that both the integrated care board and Ashfield district council deliver on this?
It is of no surprise to me that my hon.
Friend raises yet another example of Conservative broken promises, and the hot air that comes from independents, who have all the luxury of being commentators but none of the responsibility of ever having to deliver anything.
I would be happy to meet her to look into what has gone wrong here.
This has gone on for far too many years, and I can well understand her frustrations.
What steps he is taking to ensure that frontline NHS services are supported following the potential introduction of new public-private partnership contracts.
Let me be clear: this Government will always protect the NHS and have the service free at the point of use for everyone.
This Government are determined to shift health out of hospitals and into the community, as set out in the 10-year plan, and neighbourhood health services will be fundamental to delivering this shift, so it is right that we look at a range of options to provide the best care for people across the country.
Let me reassure hon.
Members that all proposals are subject to robust, value-for-money assessments to ensure taxpayers get the best possible return on investments in our health services.
May I begin by congratulating the Secretary of State on his actions in trying to repair our cherished NHS following 14 years of Tory destruction?
We must learn from past mistakes.
The private finance initiative was a huge, expensive mistake—an absolute disaster—with £80 billion repaid for an investment of £13 billion.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the lessons of PFI have been well learned, and that they are well and truly in the past and in the dustbin?