I will chair an interministerial  cross-Government group next week to push through  the other recommendations.
Baroness Casey made 12 recommendations, but people rarely speak about any of the others.
This was not her most pressing one; instead, she gave primacy to the policing-related recommendation around Operation Beaconport.
As I said in my previous statement on  2 September , the work on the 216 cases that moved forward is ongoing and runs alongside this.
That is where justice will be served: in our courts—if only they had not been horrendously degraded so that rape victims wait for years and years.
I think we all agree that the voices of survivors have to be at the heart of this.
It is worrying and concerning when two of those survivors do not feel as if the process is properly looking after them and ensuring their voice is heard.
Will the Minister commit to speaking to both Fiona Goddard and Ellie-Ann Reynolds to try and encourage and reassure them that this is a process that really will listen to their voices?
That opportunity has already been presented to them and I would be more than happy.
I know one of them but not the other.
That opportunity is always available, and one of them has my phone number.
On the idea that I do not listen and have not been making myself available, I have tried to keep the process fiercely independent of Government intervention so that it can happen and victims can feel safe in that, but of course I feel sad that this is how it has ended.
Actually, I hope that this is not how it has ended and I will commit to making sure that this is not the end.
My door is always open to them.
In 2012, a Bangladeshi national was sentenced in my Carlisle constituency for attempting to recruit four girls, aged 12 to 16, into prostitution.
In his summing up, the judge described how the man’s conduct had corroded “the foundations of decency and respect by which all right-thinking people live their lives whatever their ethnic or religious background.”
Will the Minister take the opportunity to again reassure all right-thinking people that this inquiry will look at everything to find answers, including the role of ethnicity?
I say again and again that it will not shy away from findings where they are present.
Anybody who has done the work in this space will know that that is going to be found, as the case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency highlights.
There is absolutely no sense that ethnicity will be buried away.
Every single time that there is an apparently needless delay—even though it took seven months to put in place chairs for both the covid inquiry and the blood inquiry, and nobody moaned about that—it gets used to say that we want to cover something up.
That is the misinformation I am talking about.
It will not cover things up.
We are taking time to ensure that that can never happen.
The hon.
Lady has been an outspoken champion for the victims, and will continue to be so, but she must be concerned that two members of the panel have withdrawn, and we understand that one of the candidates to be chair of the inquiry has withdrawn.
Clearly, there is concern across the House that institutions such as the police, social services, councils and the courts are all in a position where they have failed.
Whoever chairs the inquiry must, therefore, have full rigour over services that they may have been involved in.
So there is an issue of confidence.
Can she update the House on how the inquiry will report back to the House and what scrutiny the House will have over the actions of the inquiry and the terms of reference?