Children in Runnymede and Weybridge are waiting on average two years to get a diagnosis of autism or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder from Surrey and Borders Partnership NHS foundation trust.
The trust is deviating from national guidance on new developmental pathways, and waiting times are even greater if children need medication.
Does the Secretary of State share my concerns, and will he investigate the trust and make sure that children and families get the support that they need?
The hon.
Gentleman has considerable expertise in this field, and I am grateful to him for bringing this matter to light, but he was part of the previous Government, who let waiting lists get out of control.
He will appreciate that I am unable to directly interfere in ICB decisions, but I am very happy to write to the board to ask for an update, and to update him when it replies.
My constituents’ baby, Bran Tunnicliffe, sadly died last year.
His parents shared their experience with me, and described the wait for a coroner’s report as a lottery that depends on which hospital, pathologist and coroner is involved.
I know that there is a shortage of pathologists in the UK.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss my constituents’ experience?
I am so sorry to hear that having experienced such unimaginable heartbreak, the family then had to go through that additional trauma.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and look at what we can do together with our friends at the Ministry of Justice to improve the experience for families in that awful situation.
For the final question, I call Gregory Campbell.
Some progress has been made in the early diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that when the further progress that we all hope to see is made, it will be shared quickly and efficiently with the devolved regions?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Gentleman that commitment.
I work very well with my counterparts across Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, regardless of party affiliations.
I think he makes a very sensible suggestion.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am concerned that the Health team may have inadvertently misled the House.
In July, the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation noted that respiratory syncytial virus vaccines were so effective that they should be extended to all those over 80 and those in adult care homes.
The Secretary of State reassured this House in July that the recommendation had been accepted, and provision would be in place for this winter.
When I asked about that today, the Secretary of State said from a sedentary position that he had delivered on that promise, and the Minister for Secondary Care then confirmed that.
However, Government and NHS guidelines still show that availability of the vaccine has not been extended.
How can I ensure that the record is correct?
First of all, you cannot continue the debate, but you have certainly put that on the record.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Before beginning my questions, I meant to pay tribute to our former colleague Oliver Colvile, who sadly passed away last night.
He served as the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport between 2010 and 2017 and was named by Conservative Home as one of a minority of Conservative MPs not to have voted against the Government, which, as a previous Whip, I thought was exceptional.
He was a true gentleman whose eccentricities endeared him to many.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with his family.
We all remember Oliver Colvile very fondly.
He really was a good MP and a nice kind of guy to meet.
I knew Oliver way before he came to this House.
We are all saddened to hear the news.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Government and Labour Members, I associate myself fully with the remarks of the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) .
Oliver Colvile was a decent man and a wonderful public servant—we all share that view.
I am sure that my hon.
Friends on the Labour Benches will absolutely follow his example when it comes to following the Whip.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Oliver Colvile was loved by Members from across this House.
As it will soon be the 175th anniversary dinner of the Lords and Commons cricket team, it is worth remembering one of the most famous wickets ever taken, when Oliver Colvile bowled and took that wicket in India, on live television, watched by tens of millions.
I had never seen a triumph like it.
He will be much missed.
He was always loved and respected in this House.
His brother is the famous Sky cricket commentator.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the recent criticism of the statutory inquiry into the rape gang scandal.
As stated in my previous statement to the House on  2 September  and in my letter to the Home Affairs Committee yesterday, the Government remain resolute in delivering Baroness Casey’s recommendations following her national audit of group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse.
These crimes committed by grooming gangs are among the most horrific imaginable.
Baroness Casey’s report exposed more than a decade of institutional inaction, and we are determined to ensure that such failures are never repeated.
Central to our response is a statutory national inquiry under the Inquiries Act 2005.
It will oversee local investigations and will have full powers to compel evidence.
It will also be time-limited to three years to ensure that victims and survivors receive answers swiftly.
The inquiry will examine safeguarding systems, accountability and intersections with ethnicity, race and culture, identifying failures and good practice.
The inquiry will work alongside Operation Beaconport, a national police operation.
The appointment of the chair is at a critical stage, and we hope to confirm its conclusion soon.
Victims and survivors have been at the heart of the process, with trauma-informed opportunities to share their views.
We have engaged with them on the chair appointment and the terms of reference, which will be shaped by the chair in public consultation with stakeholders.
As has been widely reported in the media, victims and survivors are meeting prospective chairs this week—today, in fact.
This process, contrary to the reporting, was managed not by the Home Office but by the independent child exploitation charity NWG Network.
We are gathering views to ensure that the perspective of victims and survivors remains central.
We must avoid delays, as were seen in the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, and we are progressing as swiftly as thoroughness allows.
Misinformation undermines this process.
Allegations of intentional delay, lack of interest and a widening or dilution of the inquiry’s scope are false.
The inquiry will remain laser-focused on grooming gangs, as Baroness Casey recommended.
This scandal arose because young, mainly white girls were systematically gang-raped and it was covered up by those in authority because the perpetrators were mainly of Pakistani origin.
It is all the more shocking that when calls for a national inquiry became public in January, the Prime Minister smeared campaigners as “jumping on a far-right bandwagon”.
Comments like that are a disgrace and are what led to this scandal being covered up in the first place.
Months later, just two days before facing a vote in Parliament, the Government finally agreed to the inquiry, but it is  clear that they never wanted this inquiry and were forced into it.
Perhaps that is why, months later, the Government have said nothing substantive publicly and their inquiry is descending into chaos.
What we have heard publicly is that victims and survivors on the liaison panel have no confidence in the Government or the inquiry.
In the last 24 hours alone, two have resigned.
Fiona Goddard resigned from the panel, saying that “the secretive conduct and conditions imposed on survivors” —by the Government— “has led to a toxic, fearful environment, and there is a high risk of people feeling silenced all over again.”
Hours later, Ellie-Ann Reynolds also resigned, saying that the remit of the inquiry had been widened to “downplay the racial and religious motivations behind our abuse.”