The Minister has reiterated time and again that victims must be at the centre of an inquiry.
Will she tell us what she intends to do to ensure that that aim is fully implemented?
While the inquiry is ongoing, that will be a matter for the chair.
However, I know from the inquiries that I have been involved in that were successful and victim-centric that there always has to be a system for supporting the victims, both with taking part in the inquiry and with the trauma that might be brought up.
Usually, those two things are separate, but I will say this once again: I will not be the chair of this committee.
Undoubtedly, it is about ensuring that victims are protected throughout the process.
Should they want to go out and speak publicly both negatively and positively about that process, I would absolutely welcome that.
People should never be prevented from speaking.
We have to ensure that support is available, regardless of how they wish to gain it.
There should be nothing more precious in the eyes of this Parliament than the protection of children, particularly those who suffered at the hands of these barbaric individuals.
Many of us are parents, aunts, uncles and grandparents and this cuts very deep.
I know that the Minister cares and is a caring person, but today we need decisive action.
Given that one of the victims has walked away from the inquiry— Two.
Given that two of the victims have walked away from the inquiry, will the Minister clearly state how she will ensure that a fully independent inquiry can take place and that it prominently includes victims?
All I can say is that there is a reason that I cannot stand in front of the victims, who I am meant to be getting feedback from right now, and definitely say when the chair will come.
I could have just put my finger in the air and picked out some random judge—we could have done that—but I am listening to victims’ feedback.
Again, I have to stress that that process is not easy.
There are difficult dynamics within groups of  people and the people who we have asked to engage are dealing with difficult things, so undoubtedly, that is not uncomplex.
As anyone who has worked with groups of people who have been wronged, shamed and treated badly will know, it would be a lie to stand here and tell them that there is a straight line and a simple answer—and I am not willing to do that.