The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the vaccine damage payment scheme.
I reiterate my deepest sympathies to all those who have experienced harm following vaccination and to their families.
I recognise many of the concerns that campaigners have raised regarding the vaccine damage payment scheme.
Their input will shape our ongoing consideration of reforms to the scheme and I will keep Parliament updated as appropriate.
My constituent Kelly Hatfield sadly lost her father Ken Purnell as a result of the covid-19 vaccination.
The family received a vaccine damage payment, yet the sum, which has not increased since 2007, falls short of the loss, trauma and long-term financial impact on these families.
Will the Minister explain why that one-off payment has not been inflation-adjusted and will she commit to reviewing its adequacy and fairness?
The vaccine damage payment scheme is not a compensation scheme but a one-off payment.
It is important to state that.
As I have said, we recognise that there are concerns, which campaigners have raised, and their input is shaping our ongoing consideration of reforms to the scheme.
All vaccines in the UK are authorised by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, which is an independent body recognised globally for its high safety standards.
This Labour Government base our decisions on scientific fact, unlike Reform, which has still not apologised for platforming dangerous anti-vax conspiracy theories.
I can only assume that it is less interested in protecting people than it is in alarming folk for political advantage.
What steps he is taking to help improve the performance of the most underperforming NHS trusts.
This Government have invested an extra £26 billion in the NHS, delivered 5 million more appointments in our first year and cut waiting lists by more than 200,000.
We are also tackling the NHS postcode lottery.
Patients should not have to wait longer for worse care because of where they live.
Our new NHS league tables shine a light on the poorest performers so they receive the extra support and accountability needed to turn them around.
The best leaders are being sent into the most challenged trusts to turn them around, failing managers will have their pay docked and persistent failure will lead to restrictions on boards, as we saw in Leeds this week.
We will not tolerate failure.
In Telford and wider Shropshire, we know that the NHS has an absolute mountain to climb after years of underperformance.
We have begun that journey with falling waiting times, increased Government investment and plans for Telford’s first ever cancer treatment unit.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that trusts that show signs of improvement are backed to catch up with the rest and continue their improvements, particularly with investment in technology, research and infrastructure?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend deserves real credit for championing Telford and Shropshire and helping to get the trust the investment it needs.
He is right that local services have not been good enough for a number of years.
We will not turn a blind eye to that failure; we will do something about it.
There is a long way to go, but we have already delivered an extra 94,000 appointments and cut waiting lists by over 14,000 at his local trust since the general election—so a lot done, but lots more to do.
I see the Health Secretary is having a bust-up with the Chancellor over who pays his £1.3 billion redundancy bill for breaking up NHS England.
Will he guarantee that, once he has resolved his differences with the Chancellor, not a single penny will be taken from delivering frontline health and social care services or from underperforming NHS trusts to pay for making staff redundant?
The hon.
Gentleman should not believe everything he reads in the newspapers.
I make no apology for trying to cut unnecessary bureaucracy in large national organisations to redeploy savings to frontline services.
His Government really should have taken a leaf out of our book.