Through a £160 million investment in the additional roles reimbursement scheme, we have recruited more than 2,000 new GPs nationwide, but we recognise the inequities in funding that can exacerbate regional inequalities in access to services.
I have launched a review of the GP funding formula to ensure that funding follows the needs of the population.
The National Institute for Health and Care Research has begun a review of the Carr-Hill funding formula, which will conclude in six months’ time.
Hinchingbrooke hospital is one of the few hospitals in Cambridgeshire that are yet to have an electronic patient record system, and its current level of digital maturity is at the lowest end of the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society scale.
Hospitals within the new hospital programme are required to be at level 5 on the HIMSS scale, in line with the national digital capability framework.
What financial assistance will be given to North West Anglia NHS foundation trust to facilitate an investment case, so that the rebuilt Hinchingbrooke hospital has a modern and enterprise-wide electronic patient record system?
The hon.
Gentleman draws to our attention the appalling state that the NHS was left in by the previous Government.
We are working at pace to introduce EPRs across the system.
I am sure that Ministers would be happy to look at the case at his local hospital to clean up the mess that the Conservative party left behind.
As a migraine sufferer, I am afflicted about once a week by debilitating symptoms, which always include partial blindness, and sometimes include numbness in my fingers, nausea, brain fog, sensitivity to light and sound, a pounding headache and even an inability to speak—heartbreaking for a politician.
I am very lucky, though, that my migraines generally only last half an hour; other people’s can be much worse and last days.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve support for migraine sufferers like me?
At national level, a number of initiatives support service improvement and better care for patients with migraine.
The Getting It Right First Time neurology programme published a national specialty report that made several recommendations to improve recognition and diagnosis of migraine by GPs.
Additionally, the RightCare toolkit sets out key priorities for improving care for patients with migraine, including correct identification and diagnosis, and NHS England has established a multi-year, clinically led neurology transformation programme—so, lots.
rose— Order.
Minister, I like your style, but your answers are far too long for my health.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a serving Norfolk county councillor.
It is two years since the Conservatives in Norfolk oversaw the closure of two convalescence facilities: Benjamin Court in Cromer and Grays Fair Court in Costessey, in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis) .
This was done without public consultation, and it has been met with outcry from local residents.
This short-sighted move will only worsen the backlogs at local hospitals and reduce options for my constituents who need extra support.
Will the Minister meet me and his hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South to discuss how we can ensure that these vital convalescence facilities will not be lost?
Order.
We need shorter questions.
I do not know the details of that case, but if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I can certainly come back to him on it.
That sounds like a vital service that needs to be protected.
In the Secretary of State’s list of what has happened since his last oral questions, he failed to mention the appointment of our hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed)  as a Minister.
He is particularly looking at life sciences.
Without life sciences and drug trials, we will not see an improvement in outcomes for rare cancers.
Can the Secretary of State make a statement on what will be done about rare cancers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to welcome my hon.
Friend the Minister to his place.
I will be honest: in effect, he has been a Minister since we came into government.
We very much welcome the work that he has been putting in.
We are determined to do more on rare cancers, working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) .
All the work that she is doing, particularly on rare brain cancers, is much appreciated.
Most young people referred to gender identity services are same-sex attracted, neurodiverse and/or traumatised.
Looked-after children are also over-represented in this cohort.
Is the Secretary of State really comfortable with children being given puberty blockers, which essentially chemically neuter them, for the purposes of the PATHWAYS clinical trial?
Within days of taking office, I upheld the judgment made by my predecessor.
We need to tread carefully and be sensitive in this space.
We need to take an evidence-based approach to trans healthcare in our country, and that is the approach that this Government will take.
As you may be aware, Mr Speaker, Reform-led Lancashire county council has opened a consultation on the future of care homes across Lancashire, including the proposal to close Woodlands care home in my constituency of Hyndburn.
Will the Minister join me in urging Lancashire county council not to take forward these proposals, to protect much-valued local services, and to keep care close to the community and to the amazing staff who support our residents in Woodlands care home?
I absolutely agree.
It has been very interesting to see that all the rhetoric of many Reform-led councils has come crashing down as they face the reality of the situation.
Adult social care plays an absolutely vital role in the shift from hospital to community, and I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter further.
Alton and Petersfield hospitals give excellent step-up, step-down and end-of-life care.
The trust is introducing more home-based care, which is good, but it also proposes closing a ward in one of the community hospitals.
Will the Minister ensure that there remain sufficient beds and sufficient capacity in our local community hospitals for those patients who need them?
In September, Hampshire Hospitals NHS foundation trust reported step-down immediate care capacity as the primary reason for discharge, and at Portsmouth Hospitals University NHS trust, the discharge figure was 13% lower than the average.
As important as immediate care is, we know from the evidence that getting home is better; we are putting record amounts of money into the better care fund to make that possible.
I draw Ministers’ attention to the Prostate Cancer Research report published last week.
It busts the myth that a screening programme for prostate cancer would cost the NHS too much money.
It would focus on the people most at risk—in other words, black men over the age of 45, and those who, like me, have a history of it in their family.
Will the Secretary of State join me in commending this report to the UK National Screening Committee?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question and the inequalities to which he draws our attention.
We will look at that report carefully.
I am awaiting the recommendation of the UK National Screening Committee.
We will look carefully at that, and I will report to the House on our decision.
The secure supply of medical radioisotopes is critical for the treatment and diagnosis of many conditions.
Is this the Department’s responsibility, and does it support the Welsh Government’s Project Arthur scheme at the nuclear licenced site in Trawsfynydd in my constituency?