Every year we come here to discuss the winter crisis in the NHS, but this summer saw record waits at accident and emergency, with more than 74,000 12-hour trolley waits in June and July.
That used to be unheard of.
With winter looming and the potential for the A&E permacrisis to be even worse this year, what package of emergency measures is the Secretary of State putting in place to ensure that patients are not left to suffer on trolleys or worse in our hospital corridors this winter?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to point out that the NHS is already running hot ahead of winter.
We brought forward our winter planning for this year to get ahead.
We are making sure that all NHS trusts and systems have developed plans that have been  tested regionally.
The flu vaccination programme is well under way, the autumn covid-19 vaccination began on  1 October , and we are driving improvements in urgent and emergency care.
This will be a challenging winter—we are not complacent about that—but we are getting the system ready for it.
After years of watching dentists in Cumbria turn their backs on the NHS contract and move those patients who can afford it to private plans, my constituency is now an NHS dental desert.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government will publish their response to the consultation on quality and payment reforms, and tell us what we can expect to see in it?
As my hon.
Friend will know, the consultation closed on  19 August .
We are now considering the outcomes, and expect to publish a response very shortly.
These reforms will improve support for patients with complex or urgent needs by better incentivising dentists to deliver this care on the NHS.
Moya Cole, in Heald Green, is a shining example of a hospice that does fantastic work in a very tough economic situation, but it should not have to rely on coffee mornings and jumble sales to fund its most essential services.
Liberal Democrat research findings show that almost a half of hospices in the United Kingdom are planning cuts this year.
Will the Government commit themselves to funding our hospices properly in the upcoming Budget so that they do not need to cut the vital services that they provide?
I did not hear the hon.
Gentleman welcome the fact that we provided £100 million—an unprecedented amount—in capital funding for hospices, and £26 million a year and £80 million over three years for children’s hospices.
We recognise that hospices benefit from being rooted in their communities, with amazing charity and philanthropy support, but of course we know that the Government need to do their bit as well, and that is precisely what we were doing.
I was very pleased to visit Noah’s Ark children’s hospice in Barnet last week and to speak to the chief executive, who warmly welcomed the stability and certainty that the three-year allocation has provided.
After a decade of under-investment in our NHS under the Conservatives, I welcome the progress that has been made on reducing A&E waiting times under this Government, but there is no immediate fix.
Just last month, a coffee shop at the William Harvey hospital in Ashford was converted into an emergency ward to treat A&E patients.
Will the Secretary of State visit the hospital to see the continuing problems with corridor care, and will he update the House on what the Government are doing to ensure that the hospital can manage winter pressures and maintain safe, high-quality care?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to the House’s attention.
It is appalling for coffee shops to be commandeered as  spaces for the care of patients, and we will not accept it.
I am happy to look at the case that my hon.
Friend has mentioned.
We will also be publishing figures on corridor care so that we can hold the system to account, and the public can hold us to account, to improve the situation that we inherited.
The Arthur Rank hospice in Cambridgeshire is losing £829,000 in NHS funding, which is forcing the closure of nine beds—40% of its capacity.
Does the Minister believe that dying patients are cared for better in overstretched hospital wards than in specialist hospices, and will he please not fob me off with talk of capital investment?
This is about operational costs.
As I have pointed out, we are providing unprecedented levels of funding for hospices, but there is clearly a challenging fiscal position.
I note that in their manifesto the Liberal Democrats proposed to spend only an extra £8 billion on health and care, whereas we have invested £26 billion.
Before calling for more spending, they should tell us what they would cut.