I meet regularly with GPs in my constituency, and they have highlighted that they do not yet have clarity or certainty about the role and resources that they will have in the roll-out of services from hospitals to communities and neighbourhood health services.
Will the Minister meet me to provide that clarity to our GPs and assure them that they will be at the table during that roll-out?
It is absolutely the role of the hon.
Lady’s local integrated care board to ensure that it involves all partners, particularly primary care, in the exciting roll-out of neighbourhood health services, which I think they welcome.
I am happy to discuss that further with her.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle wasteful spending in the health service.
As well as the record investment that we put into the NHS, we are ensuring that we get a better bang for the taxpayer’s buck.
Under the Conservatives, for example, the NHS was paying £3 billion to recruitment firms for agency shifts.
We have cut agency spending by a third and are abolishing it altogether, with the savings reinvested in staff pay and treatment for patients.
That is just one example of how our reform agenda is good for patients and for taxpayers.
Private finance initiative deals did huge damage to NHS budgets.
Despite receiving just £13 billion in assets, NHS trusts were saddled with more than £80 billion in PFI debts—most of that is still being paid back.
We have even seen some hospitals spending more on PFI debts than on medicines.
If they really want to cut out waste and avoid a PFI-style disaster 2.0, will the Government rule out using private finance for the new network of new NHS clinics, as has been floated?
As I answered in response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blyth and Ashington (Ian Lavery) , we will absolutely ensure that we learn the lessons of the last Government’s failure.
Does the Minister agree that it is completely wasteful to make cancer patients who need to go for chemotherapy in Carlisle on a Wednesday but who live in, say, Kirkby Stephen to have to travel to Carlisle on the day or on the day before to get their bloods taken?
Why is that?
Because the local hospital will no longer fund the local GP surgery in Kirkby Stephen or Appleby to take their bloods there.
Is it not wrong that those GP surgeries can no longer provide secondary healthcare blood services in their own settings in people’s own communities?
As he often does, the hon.
Gentleman highlights in his own very rural constituency some of the fundamental problems at the heart of our NHS.
That is why we are reforming it, ensuring that we move hospital services from hospitals into the community and developing neighbourhood health services.
We are also looking at the financial flows in the system that lead to these sorts of perverse incentives and funding arrangements, which do damage to his constituents, as they do to many others and to rural and coastal communities.
That is why we highlighted that in the 10-year plan.
We need to see the end of such examples.
What steps he is taking to ensure that women have access to menopause treatments on the NHS.
We have already made excellent progress, turning commitments in the women’s health strategy into tangible action.
We are delivering 5.2 million extra appointments, which includes tackling gynaecology waiting lists.
We know, though, that more needs to be done for women experiencing the menopause and on improving awareness and access to treatment.
Menopause Mandate has long campaigned, alongside many Members in this House, for the menopause to be included in the NHS health check.
I hope to be able to say more soon, but rest assured that we have heard those calls.
Earlier this year, a constituent came to speak to me about shortages of the one hormone replacement therapy drug that was working for her after years of misdiagnoses and ineffective treatment.
She told me that GPs have very low awareness of menopause and often recommend alternatives that cause  adverse reactions, leaving her and many other women paying for private advice and treatment and taking time off work.
Will the Minister update the House on what the Department is doing to address HRT shortages and to improve training for GPs so that millions of women get the support that they need?