Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
105

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 19, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 24

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vice

Admiral Charles B. Cooper II, USN, to be admiral and

Commander, United States Central Command, and

Lieutenant General Alexus G. Grynkewich, USAF, to be

general and Commander, United States European Command

and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, both of the

Department of Defense.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine protecting America from the

cartels.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the navy.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs,

and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Veterans

Affairs.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine deregulation and competition,

focusing on regulatory burdens to unlocking innovation

and spur new entry.
3 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Digital Assets

To hold hearings to examine exploring bipartisan

legislative frameworks for digital asset market

structure.
JUNE 25

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Justice.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary

Policy Report to the Congress.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 233, to amend the Office

2006 to modify the authority of the Office of National

Drug Control Policy with respect to the World Anti-

Doping Agency, S. 254, to amend the Marine Mammal

Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural

practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native

handicrafts and marine mammal ivory products, S. 434,

to establish the Commercial Space Activity Advisory

Committee, S. 836, to amend the Children's Online

Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to strengthen

protections relating to the online collection, use, and

disclosure of personal information of children and

teens, S. 1872, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to

conduct a study on the feasibility of manufacturing in

the United States products for critical infrastructure

sectors, and the nominations of Bryan Bedford, of

Indiana, to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation

Administration, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Usha-Maria

Turner, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Administrator

of the Environmental Protection Agency, and David

Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five

years expiring June 30, 2030.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Susan

Monarez, of Wisconsin, to be Director of the Centers

for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of

Health and Human Services.