Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 233, to amend the Office

2006 to modify the authority of the Office of National

Drug Control Policy with respect to the World Anti-

Doping Agency, S. 254, to amend the Marine Mammal

Protection Act of 1972 to protect the cultural

practices and livelihoods of producers of Alaska Native

handicrafts and marine mammal ivory products, S. 434,

to establish the Commercial Space Activity Advisory

Committee, S. 836, to amend the Children's Online

Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to strengthen

protections relating to the online collection, use, and

disclosure of personal information of children and

teens, S. 1872, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to

conduct a study on the feasibility of manufacturing in

the United States products for critical infrastructure

sectors, and the nominations of Bryan Bedford, of

Indiana, to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation

Administration, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Usha-Maria

Turner, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Administrator

of the Environmental Protection Agency, and David

Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five

years expiring June 30, 2030.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Susan

Monarez, of Wisconsin, to be Director of the Centers

for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of

Health and Human Services.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on advancing the Armenia-Azerbaijan

peace deal.
2212-RHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine the President's special

message of June 3, 2025.
Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support

To hold hearings to examine matters within the

jurisdiction of the Assistant Secretaries for Energy,

Installation, and Environment in support of the Fiscal

Year 2026 National Defense Authorization Act.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Federal Courts, Oversight, Agency Action,

and Federal Rights

To hold hearings to examine China and lawfare against

American energy dominance.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine how sports medicine can

improve health outcomes for seniors.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine correcting mismanagement of

the veterans crisis line.
JUNE 26

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Penny

Schwinn, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary, and

Kimberly Richey, of Texas, to be Assistant Secretary

for Civil Rights, both of the Department of Education,

and Daniel Aronowitz, of Virginia, and David Keeling,

of Kentucky, both to be an Assistant Secretary,

Jonathan Berry, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, Andrew

Rogers, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Wage

and Hour Division, Anthony D'Esposito, of New York, to

be Inspector General, Andrea Lucas, of Virginia, to be

a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity

Commission, Jeremiah Workman, of Ohio, to be Assistant

Secretary for Veterans' Employment and Training, all of

the Department of Labor, and other pending business.