What steps she is taking to support high streets.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
The Government are committed to rejuvenating high streets by empowering local communities.
Through the £1.5 billion plan for neighbourhoods, we are providing flexible funding to support our most challenged communities.
We are also tackling vacancy with high street rental auctions and legislating for a new community right to buy to support community ownership.
Heswall in my Wirral West constituency is a brilliant place to live and deserves a thriving high street, but unfortunately for too many years now beloved shops have closed and decline has felt inevitable.
The people of Heswall deserve better.
I appreciate the Minister’s answer, but will he go further in explaining exactly how my constituents can take back control of their high street, so that it can thrive once again and deliver growth and opportunities for them?
This Government understand the unique challenges that Heswall faces, including as a coastal community.
That is why we are driving power and funding out of Westminster to ensure that no community is left behind.
Just last week my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor announced £1.6 billion in funding for the Liverpool city region, including £100 million to upgrade the bus network, which is vital for connectivity to my hon.
Friend’s community.
I understand that those upgrades will begin in the Wirral next year, and I encourage Wirral council, as I do all local authorities, to take advantage of the new powers the Government have introduced to reoccupy the empty shops that are such a blight on our high streets.
I was elected to this place on the back of a pledge to revitalise the towns in my constituency.
With the high street in St Austell in a sorry state, I am delighted to have been able to take the first steps towards revitalising it by ending the impasse at the site of the now derelict General Wolfe pub and moving my constituency office back into town at the other end of the street.
However, the fact remains that the high street is on its knees, and many residents feel that our once great town could do much better.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that significant resources are available, beyond just the plan for neighbourhoods, to revitalise towns in constituencies like mine?
I can say to my hon.
Friend’s constituents that he is making good on that election commitment, because we have had this conversation on multiple occasions.
Like all future funding, the Government will set out their long-term vision for local growth at the multi-year spending review; but in this year, the recently communicated UK shared prosperity fund announcement included more than £47 million for Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly—a mixture of revenue and capital funding to ensure that places can get going and kick-start economic growth locally, bringing towns such as his into play.
In my Sherwood Forest constituency, high streets are the beating heart of towns such as Ollerton and Hucknall.
Ollerton is set to receive record funding from this Labour Government, and I thank the Minister for that.
However, Hucknall was badly let down by the previous Government, with false promises of funding that quite simply did not exist.
Will he meet me to discuss how this Labour Government can support the future of Hucknall, enabling it to be the glorious high street it once was?
I fully share my hon.
Friend’s anger about the unfunded commitments to Hucknall from the previous Government.
I know how disappointing that has been locally.
I am pleased we have been able to reprioritise some funding within extremely tight budgets to give the support that she talks about.
As she knows, I live only two tram stops from Hucknall, and of course I would be keen to pop on the tram and see her—and if we meet in the Plough, I would be doubly keen.
Either way, I will be making sure I get to see her.
In 2017, I met parents of children with severe disabilities in my constituency.
A lack of suitable toilets and changing facilities made it almost impossible for those families to enjoy a day out, and I have been inspired to campaign for more Changing Places toilets ever since.
I recently opened a Changing Places toilet just off Leyburn High Street, which will improve accessibility across Wensleydale.
Will the Minister join me in thanking everyone involved and commit to supporting more Changing Places toilets across the country, so that families can have both the opportunity and the dignity that they deserve?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s enthusiasm for Changing Places toilets, which have their roots in Nottingham.
Frankly, people will not be able to access the amenities on their high streets if they do not feel they can leave their home without those facilities.
I share his enthusiasm and commend him and his community.
He sells himself slightly short, however, because I recall that when he was a Minister in this Department, he changed the rules and building regulations to make it easier to develop such toilets, and as Chancellor he made funding available for more as well.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognise that and to praise him and the community of Wensleydale.
Houses in multiple occupation throughout Broxbourne—on our high streets in particular—are causing my constituents lots of issues.
What will the Minister do to review the powers that my local councils of East Herts and Broxbourne have to stop HMOs where we do not want them?
This is a really important question.
The future mix of our high streets will undoubtably include, yes, traditional retail but also leisure and accommodation.
That footfall can be a good thing, but if this is not well planned or well organised, and if communities are not brought along, it will not succeed.
I am conscious that we have the Planning and Infrastructure Bill proceedings ahead of us today, and I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will find an opportunity to make that case to the Minister for Housing and Planning.
In 2025-26, Surrey Heath businesses will contribute more than £30 million in business rates to Surrey borough council, but because of central Government tariffing, only 2.5% of those business rates will be retained locally.
There is a reasonable expectation that locally raised taxes should remain local, so with local government reorganisation on its way, could the Secretary of State and the Front Bench team reassure Surrey Heath businesses that they might have a chance of retaining more of those business rates that should be invested back into our high streets?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the changes we have made to ensure that there are discounts on business rates for certain businesses this year, with further commitments to come at the Budget.
He makes the right point.
Of course I cannot announce that outside the Budget, but we will consider those points carefully.