The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to help prevent new unitary authorities from requiring exceptional financial support.
Local government reorganisation will lead to better outcomes for residents and save a significant amount of money that can be reinvested in public services and improve accountability.
It is for councils to develop robust, financially sustainable proposals that are in the best interests of their whole area.
The rushed local government reorganisation means that Waverley borough in my area will be forced to join other authorities that are debt-ridden, such as Woking.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that residents in my area do not pay a financial price for the woes of other authorities?
As set out in the invitation letters, and as with previous restructures, there is no proposal for council debt to be addressed centrally or written off as part of reorganisation, but the Government accept that Woking and Thurrock councils hold significant unsupported debt that cannot be managed locally in its entirety.
We have committed to providing an initial amount of debt repayment support for these councils in 2026-27 ahead of the reorganisation.
This is unprecedented Government support.
I have been contacted by constituents who are concerned by media comments over the last week that suggest that the Planning and Infrastructure Bill may render sites of special scientific interest protections meaningless.
Will the Secretary of State clarify the Bill’s position on this and outline what protections there will be for SSSIs like Lodge hill in my constituency with its important nightingale population?
I am sure that those on the Conservative Benches have an interest in areas of natural beauty as well, and I am sure that the Minister for Housing and Planning will address this point when we discuss the Planning and Infrastructure Bill later today.
We take natural beauty and history seriously, and we think that the Bill will be able to do nature recovery and enable us to build the houses that we desperately need.
Order.
I remind Members to look at the question on the Order Paper and make sure that their supplementary question is related to it.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
The Government continue to progress the implementation of the reforms to the leasehold system that are already in statute, while at the same time undertaking the work required to bring forward the wider set of reforms necessary to end the feudal leasehold system for good.
We remain on track to deliver our ambitious leasehold and commonhold reform agenda, as set out in the written ministerial statement that I made on  21 November  last year.