My hon.
Friend will know that in the Bill we have taken a “polluter pays” approach.
Local authorities will be able to levy fines on landlords to raise revenue, but—my hon.
Friend can check the transcript on this point—we did commit ourselves to “new burdens” funding as appropriate.
Given the environmental importance and scarcity of chalk streams, may I urge the Deputy Prime Minister and her team to support amendments to this afternoon’s legislation that would protect those streams?
They are vital, and they need as much protection as we can give them.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, chalk streams already have protections in national planning policy, but I am sure that we will continue this discussion on Report of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill later today.
Will the Minister meet me and residents of Beech and Willow Rise in Kirby, where a combination of failed leasehold law, previous corporate entities and inadequate regulation risks leaving residents facing unaffordable costs and eviction?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I know she has had constructive conversations with the Minister with responsibility for building safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , but I am happy to meet her.
Three hundred social homes are at risk in my Chichester constituency, despite having outline planning permission, because developers are rejecting offers from registered providers.
Will the Minister commit to action to stop developers evading their obligation, and will he meet me to help me protect the delivery of these social homes?
We recognise the challenges around uncontracted section 106 units.
A complex array of factors has led us to this point, but we are giving serious consideration to how we unblock the problem, and how we get those section 106 homes allocated and people living in them.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government what assessment she has made of the United States Government’s national security concerns regarding the proposed Chinese embassy development at Royal Mint Court.
This Government are committed to the probity of the planning process at all levels to ensure robust and evidence-based decision making.
The process includes a role for planning Ministers in deciding on called-in planning applications and recovered appeals, so I hope that the House will appreciate why I cannot comment in any detail on specific planning applications at the Dispatch Box.
That said, it may be helpful to Members if I set out the process that these cases follow.
The application referred to by the right hon.
Member was considered to meet the published call-in policy set out in the October 2012 written ministerial statement, so it will be determined by Ministers.
The application is not yet with the Department.
All decisions that come before Ministers are subject to examination by an independent planning inspector, usually through a public inquiry.
The planning inspector then provides an evidence-based recommendation, and set out their full reasons for that recommendation.
The inspector’s report considers the application against published local, regional and national planning policy, which is likely to contain a wide variety of material planning considerations; in this case, those are likely to include safety and national security.
A public inquiry was held on this case between 11 and  28 February , at which interested parties were able to put forward evidence and make representations.
Should any further representations be made that raise material planning considerations before the decision is made, they will also be taken into account.
At all times, the decision will be dealt with in line with the published propriety guidance on planning casework decisions.
The right hon.
Member will be aware that the Home Secretary and Foreign Secretary made a joint representation to the Planning Inspectorate ahead of the start of the inquiry.
That will be taken into account, alongside all other relevant matters.
Once the planning inspector’s report and recommendation is received, the case will be determined by a planning Minister, who will come to a decision based on material planning considerations.
The US Government, and today the Dutch Parliament, have expressed concerns about sensitive cables under Royal Mint Court.
Beijing has a recent history of cutting cables and confirmed infrastructure hacks, including embedding malware capable of disabling all that infrastructure.
Surprisingly, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology said on television yesterday that this issue is “in the planning process” and could be managed.
Will the Minister correct the record?
The planning inquiry has concluded, and no changes at all can be made to the Chinese planning application.
I remind the Minister that the application contains nothing about cabling.
Indeed, the Chinese have rejected only two requests by the inquiry—requests to which he referred; they were made by the Government, in the letter from the Foreign and Home Secretaries.
That is despite Ministers regularly saying that the letter should “give those concerned comfort.”
Rerouting the cables would, we know, cost millions, if the Government are even thinking about that, so I ask the Minister: why did the Government strongly deny, rather than tell this House about, the presence of the cables until the White House actually confirmed it?
Chinese state media have reported that the UK has given assurances to the Chinese that the UK would allow the development, no matter what.
Indeed, The Guardian newspaper reported in 2023 that the Chinese would not apply again unless they were given governmental assurances.
Can the Minister confirm, or even deny, any of this?
Speaking as one of those in the Chamber who have been sanctioned by China, I see this as Project Kowtow.
There has been one denial after another, and one betrayal after another.
No wonder our allies believe that this Chinese mega-embassy is becoming a walk of shame for the Government.