Our high streets and small businesses have been hammered by this Government, with big increases in the cost of business rates and national insurance contributions.
Can the Minister tell the House what measures he and the team have put forward to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to help our small businesses and high streets in the spending review?
The hon.
Gentleman offers me two opportunities there.
First, we talk about challenges on the high street, but I remind the House of the more than a decade of starved demand because the economic policies of the Conservatives and all the impacts that had, followed by—[Interruption.]
The stag do on the Opposition Front Bench are making their rattle as usual, but they were all present during that disastrous fiscal event that led to the increased costs that we are still coping with now.
The second temptation the hon.
Gentleman gives me is the opportunity to resign by leaking details of the spending review here first.
Sadly, I will give no succour there.
Every high street needs a Chorley market.
That is the answer.
What steps she is taking to ensure that new homes meet the minimum standard of EPC C rating.
The December 2021 uplift to energy-efficiency standards means that most new build homes already achieve EPC ratings of A or B. As recently announced, the Government intend to introduce future standards in the autumn that will set more ambitious energy-efficiency and carbon emissions requirements for new homes to ensure that they are net zero-ready.
As well as energy, water is an important utility.
In Ely and East Cambridgeshire, we suffer drought and floods.
What is the Minister doing to encourage new builds to have proper rainwater harvesting and dual piping, so that we can use rainwater to flush our toilets and for other non-drinking water uses?
We are looking at how we might make household water use more efficient, as well as a range of other interventions in my hon.
Friend’s part of the country to ensure that we make the best use of water and that the necessary infrastructure is put in place to accommodate housing growth.
In Hartlepool, 24,000 existing homes have an energy performance certificate rating of D or below.
That means too many homes are too cold and have bills that are too high.
What can the Minister do to accelerate the improvement of those homes to ensure warm homes for Hartlepool constituents?
My hon.
Friend tempts me into the responsibilities of another Department, but I will get the relevant Minister from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to write to him to set out what measures are being put in place as part of the warm homes plan.
In 2010, just 12% of homes had an EPC C rating or above, so those homes were too cold and had bills that were too high.
It was 60% by 2024 when we left power.
Will the Minister share with the House the ambition and give us a number for the percentage of homes that we should expect to have that basic EPC C rating by the end of this term, which I hope will be the only one the Minister has, so he should make a difference while he can?
[Laughter.]
That’s a bit harsh.
The right hon.
Gentleman is certainly not charitable.
As I made clear, I recognise the December 2021 uplift in energy efficiency standards means that most new builds that come through achieve an EPC rating of A or B. Off the top of my head, though I stand to be corrected, I think about 84% of new homes meet those standards.
But as I said, we have announced that we want to introduce future standards this autumn, which will drive even more ambitious energy efficiency and carbon emission requirements for new homes.
Having long campaigned on the need for much tougher regulations for solar panels on new homes, I was delighted to hear the Government announce last Friday that we will bring forward requirements to do exactly that.
That will not just boost EPC ratings, but save new homeowners thousands of pounds in bills, all while reducing energy usage.
How can we ensure that we move at speed so that as many of the new homes we build over the course of this Parliament as possible will benefit from our ambition here?
My hon.
Friend has been a champion of ensuring that we get more solar panels on to new build homes and other types of building.
As I said in answer to a previous question, we want to move at pace to put future standards in place.
We are looking at this autumn, and that will ensure more of the new homes coming forward meet those more ambitious standards.
It will mean, as he is aware, that the vast majority of new build homes have solar panels on them as standard.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of UK Government regeneration funding on towns in Scotland.
The Government’s defining mission is delivering economic growth and driving up living standards.
That is why we are investing up to £200 million across 10 Scottish towns over 10 years to support regeneration, tackle inequalities and unleash their full potential.
That will empower local communities, improve public services and create new opportunities.
That is, of course, alongside the shared prosperity fund, which is investing £4.4 million in Fife this year.
Many times I have raised with the Minister, as well as with Business and Treasury Ministers, the need for regeneration funding for Kirkcaldy High Street.
The brilliant people of our town deserve a modern town centre that makes the most of our incredible seafront and all it has to offer.
Ahead of the spending review this week, can the Minister assure me that my message has been heard?
Will he also join me in congratulating Davy Russell, Labour’s newest MSP and a strong campaigner for his high street?
The people of Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse have chosen well.
I can assure the hon.
Lady, her constituents and the House that I do not think a week has gone by without her pushing me on Kirkcaldy town centre.
She knows that I cannot run ahead of any multi-year spending review that may be upon us soon, but the point she made, and always makes to me, is a good one.
I of course associate myself with her comments about Davy.
rose— Order.
I will just say that supplementary questions should aim to relate to the original question.
This is about funding in Scotland, so I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman’s question will be purely about that.