Jess in my constituency had all her possessions and bags put on the pavement outside the hotel and was locked out of her bedroom with her baby by hotel management—shocking behaviour on their part.
With £2 billion being spent by local authorities on temporary accommodation, would it not be better to have a national target for the number of social homes that are going to be built?
What steps will the Government be taking to set such a target?
I am disgusted to hear about what happened to that young person and her baby—that is absolutely terrible.
The number of people, particularly children, who are in temporary accommodation at the moment is shocking, which is why this Government are committed to the biggest wave of social and affordable housing in a generation.
We have not put a particular number on that, not least because we do not have the spending review results—they are coming later this week—but we are clear that we want that number to ramp up and we need that proportion to meet the target of 1.5 million new homes, so I ask the hon.
Member to wait just a little bit longer.
What progress her Department has made on providing adequate funding for local authorities as part of the fair funding review.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that councils are financially stable.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that councils are financially stable.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that councils in areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
The Government have delivered a settlement that begins to fix the foundations and makes available over £69 billion in 2025-26.
In 2026-27, an improved approach will direct funding where it is needed most and provide certainty through the first multi-year settlement in over a decade.
Leicestershire, alongside other authorities, has been campaigning for fair funding in recent years, following 14 years of poor funding settlements by the last Government, meaning cuts to vital services.
A lack of fair funding also means that schools in North West Leicestershire have some of the lowest levels of funding per student in the country.
How will the Minister approach a fair funding settlement that considers the unique challenges faced by rural communities?