Despite an increase in council tax of 27% since 2022, £136 million in exceptional financial support this year and brutal cuts to services, Croydon council’s finances remain broken.
As an outer-London borough with inner-London problems, Croydon has historically not received the funding it needs to cover the costs for demand-led services like temporary accommodation, so even if Croydon’s debt was wiped out, it would still need exceptional financial support.
Will the Minister outline how councils like Croydon will get the resources they need to meet the complex challenges they face and provide the frontline services that our communities deserve?
The questions that have been raised demonstrate why the fair funding review is needed, and why it has to take into account all the different factors that have an impact on whether councils can provide good public services or not.
I appreciate, understand and accept that pressures that were previously felt in inner London are now felt in outer London, and in rural areas too.
My hon.
Friend will know that in February we provided £136 million in EFS support for Croydon council, and we will continue to work with it.
We have met and talked about the issues a number of times, and I know that she understands that those are not small problems to deal with.
The statutory override to special educational needs and disabilities deficit comes to an end in just 10 months.
Without a plan from the Government for the end of the statutory override, more than half of all local education authorities face effective bankruptcy.
The need for a resolution to the issue is now long overdue.
When does the Minister expect to be able to give local authorities the certainty they need?
We are laying the groundwork now, ahead of the provisional settlement, which will be the first multi-year settlement in over a decade and will deal with a lot of the structural issues.
If it is any help, the Government understand and accept that it is not right or acceptable for councils that have done everything that has been asked of them and provided good public services, particularly for young people, to find themselves at the financial cliff edge as a result.
We have an absolute commitment to work through those issues.
Pockets of deprivation in many rural communities, like my South West Norfolk constituency, are often masked by more affluent surroundings.
Will the Minister reassure me that financial support from the Government for local councils in rural areas reflects those concerns about isolated deprivation?
This month, we are consulting on an updated assessment of need that we will implement from 2026-27.
Importantly, that includes the indices of multiple deprivation, a designated national statistic, and it will drill down to deprivation levels of between 400 and 1,200 households in each of those units.
Our intention is to address the issues found in the pockets of deprivation in every community, including rural and coastal communities where they are sometimes drowned out because of the sea of affluence around them.
It is important that we get to deprivation wherever it exists.
As an outer London borough, Havering has been hugely disadvantaged by a funding formula based on outdated population figures.
We heard today that the Mayor of London himself is concerned that this Labour Government will level down London altogether.
Will the Minister confirm that the fair funding review will report by this summer—I have been told that previously by a Minister—and will specifically address the disparities between inner and outer London?
I can absolutely assure the hon.
Member that we are working through those issues, and we will consult the sector on them.
Given all the variations that we will take into account, I hope Members accept that we have listened.
We know that the funding formula is out of date and that for it to stand the test it must apply wherever Members represent, whether in coastal communities, rural communities, inner or outer London or anywhere else in between.
I assure the hon.
Member that we are getting on with that work.
Shropshire council’s finances have been left on the brink by 16 years of Conservative administration.
It is the largest landlocked county in England, and it is struggling with about 85% of its budget being spent on social care.
When the Minister does his fair funding review, will he look at the difficulty and costliness of delivering services over such a wide rural area and ensure that councils such as Shropshire, which has lost its rural services delivery grant, will be able to sustain themselves in the future?
We made available an additional £5 billion as part of the settlement, and £3.7 billion of that was for social care.
We understand the pressures and we are directing money to address them, but we know that this issue will take more than one year to fix.
We are on with the fair funding review—the third multi-year settlement in a decade—to begin to fix the foundations.
We have definitely heard calls from rural communities and councils to take into account the additional cost for rurality and remoteness, and I assure the hon.
Lady that those issues are being looked at.
One way of ensuring that new unitary authorities such as those for Leicestershire have adequate funding is to base that funding on robust business cases.
Given that the Department was five weeks late in providing feedback to the local authorities, will the Minister commit to extending the deadline to ensure that those local authorities have the time that they need to build up those plans?
In all areas, there is more than adequate time to prepare final proposals.
Councils in the devolution priority programme have until September, and all others—the majority—have until November.
That is more than adequate time for councils to be able to marshal and get their plans together and make an assessment on that basis.
It has been reported that the Birmingham bin strikes may last until December.
How can this Government claim to support workers when they refuse to fund Birmingham city council properly?
This dispute boils down to cash, yet the Government are failing Birmingham’s bin workers,  residents and businesses.
The Government backed our steelworkers.
Will they back the bin workers with extra funding?
I hear what the hon.
Gentleman says.
On the calls that we have with MPs when we update them on these issues, his tone is quite different.
We need to separate the rhetoric from the reality.
The reality is that for the first time we had £600 million in the recovery grant, which was about those councils suffering high deprivation and historically low tax bases.
Birmingham was the biggest beneficiary of that, receiving nearly £40 million.