As the Government know, their own cyber-security experts, Innovate UK, have warned about the threat to the City of London from the embassy.
The Wapping telephone and internet exchange is surrounded on three sides by the new embassy, and there are fibre cables carrying highly sensitive information running beneath the site.
The Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology said yesterday that these matters could be dealt with in the planning process, but the inquiry has ended, so they cannot.
If the Government are considering moving the cables, how many millions of pounds of public money will that cost?
I recently sent yet another cross-party letter to the Prime Minister, signed by 59 parliamentarians, urging him to pause and reconsider.
Since then, the US and Dutch Governments have both sounded the alarm.
Have MI5 and GCHQ been able to submit their own warnings to the planning inspector?
Does the inspector have access to unredacted plans of the embassy, which the Chinese Government have refused to make public?
Have the Government assessed the potential sinister uses of the secret basement in the so-called cultural exchange building?
What discussions have taken place with the Bank of England, given its role in cyber-security regulation in the City?
Why will the Government not follow the example of the US, Australian and Irish Governments, who vetoed similar embassies that threatened their national security?
The Government are on the verge of making a decision that will lead to a huge risk that will persist for decades.
Will they change course before it is too late?
I appreciate that the shadow Secretary of State’s remarks were written before he listened to my response, but I could not have been clearer about the fact that no decision has been made on this case and no application is yet before the Department—[Interruption.]
It was a question.
He is pre-empting a decision that has not been made, on a case that is not before the Department.
I have been very clear that, should any further representations be made that raise material planning considerations—they may, in this case, relate to safety and national security—before a decision is made, these will be taken into account.
But again, as I said to  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , on matters of security it would not be appropriate for me to comment.
On specific issues such as cables, it would not be appropriate for me to comment.
Planning Ministers have a quasi-judicial role in the planning process and, as I have said, the case is not yet before the Department.
I am sure that the Minister can understand the sensitivity of how we all feel about this.
China has a track  record of aggressive state-backed espionage.
Surely this country cannot afford to make a massive underestimation of the risk, should this go ahead as expected.
Experts warn that there could be the foreign leverage of signals, interception and monitoring of sensitive Government and corporate communications.
To what extent can individuals make representations, because everyone is extremely concerned that such a massive and historic building was sold some years ago?
This is pre-empted.
This is how China works: it plans years ahead.
We cannot not say anything in this House; we must comment on what we see.
Please, understand that we must.
I do understand the strength of feeling conveyed by my hon.
Friend and other hon.
Members when it comes to the People’s Republic of China.
The Government are taking a consistent, long-term and strategic approach to managing the UK’s relations with China, rooted in the national interest.
We will always protect our national security and keep the country safe, but those are separate issues from this specific planning application.
I understand why she does so, but she tempts me to speculate—again, as I have said—on a decision that has not been made, on a case that is not yet before the Department.