The Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Foreign Secretary have all had recent, high-level interactions with Ministers of the Chinese Communist party—the Chinese Government.
Has the Chinese embassy been brought up in any of the meetings with those Ministers, and have those Ministers in any way corresponded with the Minister’s Department on the Chinese embassy application?
It would not be appropriate for me to comment on the details of any talks— I was not asking for details.
The right hon.
Gentleman is asking for details, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment.
On the particular issue of whether representations have been made, as I made clear in answering the initial question, the Home and Foreign Secretaries made a joint representation to the Planning Inspectorate ahead of the start of the inquiry, and that will be taken into account alongside all other relevant matters.
From a response to a freedom of information request, which I have with me, we now know that just two protests at the Royal Mint Court site in February and March this year required the deployment of nearly 600 officers in total, including 101 in February and 485 in March.
The FOI request reveals that the cost of policing these two protests alone amounted to £345,000.
This is a staggering use of resources for a site that is not yet operational, and it reflects the serious concerns among the Hongkonger, Tibetan and Uyghur diasporas in the UK.
These are communities that fear that the embassy will become a hub for transnational repression.
What assessment have Ministers made of the cost implications of this proposed development on policing, and will they commit today to rejecting this super-embassy?
I am not going to commit to rejecting an application that has not yet come to the Department and, as I keep saying, where a decision has not been made.
I have made it clear that we understand the concerns of members of the Hong Kong community and others about the potential—I make clear that it is a potential—approval of this application.
When it comes to police resourcing, all I can repeat is that only material planning considerations can be taken into account in determining the case.
I think we can all agree that we would like a decision to be made in this case that does not encourage the Chinese Government to think that we are a soft touch.
Let us try another tack.
National security is going to be taken into account as part of this planning decision.
I ask the Minister this hypothetical question: if there is only a 1% chance that the granting of this planning application causes some detriment to our national security, would it not be better to take a risk management approach and put the embassy somewhere else?
The hon.
Gentleman invites me, again, to consider a planning decision that has not been made, on a case that is not yet before the Department.
I am clearly not going to set out from this Dispatch Box the decision-making process that planning Ministers in my Department might take to the application once it is submitted.
Given the serious concerns about national security, can the Minister confirm that his Department has consulted on this issue with UK and allied intelligent agencies, including those of the USA?
Can he say whether a full national security review will be conducted before any planning decision is taken?
As I have made clear, it would not be appropriate for me to comment on any specific national security issue.
What I have been at pains to make clear is that the inspector’s report, which will come before Ministers in my Department at the point when the case comes to us, will include a wide variety of material planning matters, and in this case they are likely to include safety and national security matters.
Further to the question from  the hon.
Member for Rushcliffe (James Naish) , the Home Affairs Committee has written to the Metropolitan police asking for details of any concerns it may have about the policing of this site and any particular disorder that might occur around it.
I once again put it to the Minister that he must take account of these concerns.
There could be very serious and significant concerns for policing in the capital.
All material planning considerations that have been brought to the attention of the inspector will be taken into account as part of the decision when it is made in due course.
National security and security is a valid planning consideration, so does the Minister accept that, in the event that the Secretary of State allows this decision to go ahead,  regardless of the planning inspector’s recommendation, this Government will essentially be putting our relationship with China ahead of our security relationship with the United States?
That is pure speculation.
As I have said, it would not be appropriate for me to comment on any national security matters.
Does the Minister believe that China will always try to exploit and infiltrate data communication in this country?
Widespread cyber-activity or interference in our democracy will not be tolerated and will be met with a strong response.
Moving on from national security, according to the documentation—I have double-checked—community safety is a significant material planning consideration.
In such a multicultural area, what assessment of risk to community cohesion and the safety of local people is being made?
How does taking such decisions more centrally align with the Government’s much-publicised commitment to devolution?
I do not know whether hon.
Members can hear me.
I keep answering the questions as posed, and I have answered that question.
If the issue that the hon.
Lady raises is a material planning consideration, the inspector will take it into account in their recommendation to Ministers to make a decision, once the case comes to the Department.
China is already revelling in the Government’s spectacular own goal in handing over Chagos.
China looks as if it is about to benefit again.
Even if the Minister cannot say what amounts are involved, will he say what works would need to be done in advance of the embassy being set up at the Royal Mail site, and who would pay for that?
Would it be the Chinese, or would it be the UK Government, and which part?
As I said, a public inquiry was held between 11 and  28 February , and all the relevant documents submitted to that inquiry are available online.
I encourage the right hon.
Gentleman to go and look at them.
Again, he invites me to speculate on matters that are part of the application that the inspector will have considered in making his report and recommendation—when that arrives—to the Department.
I emphasise again that no case is yet with the Department.
If national security is a material consideration, will that be judged only by what is in the inspector’s report?
If so, how could that be adequate, since the UK’s China audit will not have been published before the inspector concludes his report?
At the point when the planning inspector’s report and recommendation is received, it will be determined by a planning Minister, who will come to a decision based on material planning considerations that have been analysed.
I understand that the Minister cannot comment on the specifics, but does he at least agree with the principle that if there is a risk that a nation state will act nefariously against the British state’s interests, the British Government should not reward that state?
As I have been at pains to make clear, the Government will always protect our national security and keep this country safe.
There is a distinct issue from the planning application and the questions about process that have been put to me.
On that basis, I cannot comment, as the hon.
Gentleman has acknowledged, on a decision that has not been made, and on a case that is not with the Department.
My constituency is home to a growing number of people from Hong Kong who have been forced to flee their homeland as a result of actions by China.
I appreciate what the Minister says about this being a quasi-legal matter, and the fact that a Foreign Office Minister is sat next to him speaks volumes about how this is not just a planning issue.
Does he agree that this country owes a debt to Hongkongers, whom we need to protect from the Chinese interference that they consider this super-embassy would enable?
I do recognise that point.
As I have made clear, the Government will stand with and support members of the Hong Kong community.
As I said—I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman was in the Chamber for this—the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , and the Minister for Security met members of the Hong Kong community only recently.
We will continue to stand with them.