Residents in Wellington, in Castlemoat Place in Taunton and in Agar Grove—homebuyers—are just some of a sample who have come to me, raising the scandal of house builders not properly finishing the buildings they have created, leaving them unsafe.
What steps will the Minister take to bring forward measures to ensure that house builders repair and make safe their properties urgently, without people having to wait years?
I am grateful for that question, which raises something mirrored in many parts of this country.
The duty to make sure that homes are safe is the responsibility of builders and owners.
Where they fall short, there are legal powers for the local authority and for the fire and rescue service to compel them to change.
As with all hon.
and right hon.
colleagues across the House, I would be happy to help, if I can, with any specific examples that the hon.
Gentleman has.
There is no doubt about it; we face a climate emergency.
What plans do the Government have to increase funding for the fire service to meet the increase and projected increases in wildfire and flooding incidents?
If funding is to be increased, what will that mean for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service?
As my hon.
Friend rightly identifies, fire is a devolved matter.
In England, stand-alone fire and rescue authorities will see an increase in core spending power of nearly £70 million in 2025-26.
Those fire and rescue authorities are required to plan for foreseeable risks in their area, including wildfire and flooding, and to decide where to direct resources.
On co-operation, I assure him, as I did  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , that I am talking to my counterparts in the devolved Government to make sure that we are tackling common problems and sharing that insight.
In the light of some worrying small-site applications on previously undeveloped green-belt land in my constituency, and of concerns from the Campaign to Protect Rural England, will the Minister undertake to monitor and assess the initial impact of the new grey-belt provisions and look at refining the wording, to avoid salami-slicing of the green belt?
No.
We are confident that the protections in place for the green belt—the tests that have to be met for grey-belt release—are robust.
It is ultimately for local planning authorities to conduct green-belt reviews and to bring forward those sites as part of local plans.
Across London, 90,000 children are living in temporary accommodation, denied the essentials of a stable home, which has terrible consequences for their physical and mental health and education.
This is a scandalous inheritance from the previous Conservative Government.
When does the Secretary of State believe that we will begin to see those numbers drop substantially?
We have invested almost £1 billion in tackling homelessness and rough sleeping, and we have recognised the scandal of temporary accommodation, which we inherited.
We are taking action to ensure that there is a cross-Government strategy to get us back on track to ending homelessness.
Oxton in my constituency has a newly refurbished community shop, and it exists thanks to the hard work of local volunteers.
The Plunkett impact report highlights how community-owned shops are at the centre of the local economy.
What are the Government doing to support the ownership of community shops?