The Minister knows from his time at the Local Government Association of the impact that asylum has on the budgets of local authorities.
With the Home Office’s much-vaunted increase in the grant rate for asylum claims, the Government are pushing thousands of households on to council waiting lists and shunting millions in costs on to council tax payers.
What additional funding and measures does he aim to secure to help to mitigate those costs, which are affecting so many of our local authorities?
Quite frankly, it is a bit rich for any shadow Minister to critique the current system when the Conservatives deliberately designed it in their 14 years in government.
The question is how we go about repairing it.
One thing must absolutely be put right; the disjointed system in which different Government Departments work in silos cannot carry on.
One of the successes of the leaders’ council is that for, the first time ever, local government leaders are around the table with the Government, including in a meeting with the Home Office and our Department, to work through exactly those issues.
That is the change: for the first time, those in local government are being treated as adults.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As the Planning and Infrastructure Bill enters its remaining stages in the Commons, I thank my hon.
Friend the Housing Minister and Members across the House for their continued work on this important piece of legislation that will get Britain building again.
This weekend marks the eighth anniversary of the Grenfell tower fire.
I know that I speak for all Members of this House when I say that the 72 men, women and children who lost their lives at Grenfell will never be forgotten.
We have accepted the inquiry’s findings, and will take action on all 58 recommendations to build a more robust and trusted regulatory system that will deliver safe, quality homes for everyone.
Many of my constituents are concerned that too often new estates go up without the necessary infrastructure, whether that is schools, GP surgeries or  even playgrounds.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital to address that issue, and can she elaborate on how we will do so after too many years of inaction?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Government are committed to strengthening the system of developer contributions to ensure that new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities expect.
We will set out further details in due course.
Earlier I mentioned the changes to the national planning policy framework that were announced in December, and we will also support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.