In addition to my previous answer, my hon.
Friend will have heard me talk about the importance of targeting resource at deprivation and need.
I think that is the right approach to funding.
It also goes a bit beyond funding, to power, which all communities can benefit from.
Whether it is high street rental auctions, an enhanced community right to buy, local planning processes or local communities taking those opportunities to shape place, local authorities are important in that conversation.
I know my hon.
Friend is pushing his in that regard.
It has been estimated, and reported, that billions-worth of unspent community infrastructure levy may be available at local authority level for investment in critical infrastructure.
Will the Minister ensure that the money is invested in roads and drainage, so it can deliver the improvements that our residents deserve?
There are legitimate reasons why developer contributions can be held by local authorities—for example, so that they can complete phased development, or bring forward other sites over a period of time—but we are aware that certain local authorities hold, in some cases, significant sums, and we are giving the matter some attention.
The Shared Health Foundation recently published a vital report on children living in temporary accommodation, which revealed the scandalous fact that all too often, children living in such accommodation are not safe, secure or able to thrive.
Does the Minister agree that it falls to this Labour Government to fix that wrong, on which there has been silence for too long?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have inherited record levels of homelessness and rough sleeping, but this Government are determined to take action and address those challenges.
Through the third round of the local authority housing fund, we are providing councils with half a billion pounds to house some of the most vulnerable people in the country, and have announced an injection of £2 billion to deliver up to 18,000 new affordable social homes.
I am confident that the Secretary of State loves the pub as much as you and I do, Mr Speaker, but the jobs tax and the slashing of business rate relief have delivered a hammer blow to pubs such as the Barrel in Walkington, owned by Thwaites, and to hospitality businesses such as the Beverley Arms hotel.
Has the Secretary of State made representations to the Chancellor ahead of Wednesday to ensure that more landlords are not forced to call last orders?
I might like a pint; and wouldn’t he like to know?
People have lived in Earsdon View in my constituency for more than 15 years, but the estate remains unadopted due to an ongoing issue between the landowner, Northumberland Estates, and the developer, Bellway, involving the securing of sewer adoption.
I continue  to press all parties to resolve the problem, but how can we ensure that people are not left in this situation for decades, often paying management fees on top of council tax, and that developers deliver?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty champion of leaseholders and residential freeholders in her constituency.
We must start to provide the consumer protections that are already on the statute book, but as I have made clear, we are determined to end the injustice of fleecehold entirely, and will consult later this year on legislative and policy options to reduce the prevalence of private estate management arrangements.
I broadly support unitarisation on a strategic scale, but I am concerned about how historic debts will be treated in Surrey, especially those of Woking and Spelthorne councils.
How will those debts be handled as our councils come together, and will the Minister assure my constituents in Virginia Water and Englefield Green, in the well-run borough of Runnymede, that they will not foot the bill for this as part of the reorganisation?
That is one of the reasons why the Surrey arrangement was accelerated.
We recognised the lack of balance between the debt liability and the assets and incomes.
We also recognised that the unitaries would have to be financially viable, and we are well on track to delivering that, in partnership with the local councils.