The potential approval of the Chinese super-embassy sends precisely the wrong signal at a moment when we should be pushing the Chinese Government hard on human rights abuses and their repression of the people of Hong Kong, both in that city and right here on our streets.
Notwithstanding the risk of interception of sensitive comms at the site, Hongkongers and Uyghurs are deeply worried about what it might mean for China’s expanding surveillance capacity here in the UK.
In March, alongside other Opposition Members, I spoke at the protest in front of the proposed site.
I say the same thing to the Minister as I said that day: the Government must block it.
Taking into account the scale of opposition, both domestically and by our allies, will the Minister confirm that representations made in this place will be considered as part of the planning approval process?
If I may, I will also ask: considering that the original timetable for the China audit to be published has now passed, will the Minister tell the House when they expect finally to present it?
On the audit, the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, the relevant Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , has confirmed that that will be coming before the summer.
He raises two very distinct issues and I must treat them separately.
On human rights, we stand firm, including against China’s repression of the people of Xinjiang and Tibet.
Human rights issues are raised every time FCDO Ministers meet their Chinese counterparts.
On the application specifically, he asks me a very direct question.
Should any further representations be made, by Members or other interested parties, that raise material planning  considerations that need to be taken into account in a decision, they will be taken into account and they will be considered before a decision is made.
Earlier this year I spoke at a huge demonstration outside the proposed embassy site, which was attended by thousands of British Hongkongers who fear that the hands that throttled their freedoms in Hong Kong are reaching into our society, too.
I understand the Minister’s point and the limitations on what he can say on the issue at this time, but this is not just a matter of national security; does he understand that it is also a matter of personal security for many of our constituents, given the increase in transnational repression emanating from Beijing?
My hon.
Friend has been a vocal advocate for the Hong Kong community in his constituency and across the country.
We will stand with and support members of that community; we have a long, shared history with Hong Kong, and many people from Hong Kong have made the UK their home in recent years.
Again—I must emphasise this point, and I will continue to do so as questions on this come in—that is a distinct and separate issue from the planning application that will, in due course, come before Ministers in my Department.
It is a pleasure to speak after  the hon.
Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  today; I spoke before him at the rally to which he refers.
Those of us who have been sanctioned—I know that you, Madam Deputy Speaker, are among our number—are particularly conscious of the effect that the Chinese state has on our country.
Do you, Madam Deputy Speaker, honestly believe that the Minister thinks that the Chinese would look at this proposal in the same way?
Do we in this House honestly believe that something threatening our economic security, as highlighted by the Americans and the Dutch, should go through a bureaucratic planning process, with no ability to vary it, because, frankly, them’s the orders?
I do not think that is the way China would do it, and it is certainly not the way we should do it.
It is a very clever question, but it is the Minister who is responding.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s views on China are well known, and he knows my views on China, too—we have discussed the matter in the past.
He raises two distinct issues.
On sanctioned parliamentarians, let me take this opportunity to make it clear that the sanctions are completely unwarranted and unacceptable, and this issue will remain a priority under this Government.
The Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor have raised their case at every meeting with their counterparts, including with President Xi at the G20 in November and Foreign Minister Wang Yi in February.
The right hon.
Gentleman tempts me to comment on the Chinese planning system.
I am very glad that we have a different and more robust system than the People’s Republic of China.
I appreciate that the Minister cannot comment on individual planning applications from the Dispatch Box,  but when I speak to Hongkongers in my constituency, they are seriously concerned about the risks that come with transnational repression and that might come along with the creation and construction of this embassy.
When I was speaking with Hongkongers in my constituency last week, on the 36th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre—something that can be commemorated in Leeds, but not in Hong Kong—they were seriously concerned that those with £100,000 bounties on their heads might be more at risk now because of the construction of this embassy.
I appreciate that the Minister’s portfolio does not necessarily cover this, but what assurances can he give on behalf of the Government that if such an embassy is built, we will do everything in our power to protect those from Hong Kong who have made the UK their home?
I hope hon.
Members will appreciate why I will not comment on hypotheticals, again, on a decision that has not been made on a case that is not before the Department.
I have made it very clear that we stand with the Hong Kong community.
The Minister with responsibility for Asia and the Indo-Pacific, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , met members of the Hong Kong community in this country, along with my hon.
Friend the Security Minister.
We will stand by them.