I know that the Secretary of State has had some difficult negotiations this weekend with her colleague the Chancellor.
The spending review is critical for the funding of the affordable homes budget.
In the past, the Secretary of State has praised the Chancellor’s generosity, as she puts it, not least for providing the extra £2 billion for the affordable homes budget, but will she admit today that that budget is decreasing from previous levels under our Government?
Will she say—even if it is after the spending review—exactly how many affordable and social homes she expects to deliver during this Parliament?
The shadow Secretary of State has been called a bit later than  the hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes) , for whom I outlined the reasons we have not put an exact figure on that and confirmed that we will build the biggest increase in affordable and social housing in a generation.
I say gently to the shadow Secretary of State that we are delivering for working people by banning no-fault evictions and  introducing groundbreaking protections for renters, which the Conservatives promised but did not deliver.
We are introducing major planning reforms to build 1.5 million homes; they promised 1.6 million homes, but could not get anywhere.
We are also delivering the largest ever single package of devolution measures, pushing power out of Westminster.
We are delivering where the Conservatives failed.
We are very good at growing things in South Norfolk, including food, businesses and thriving communities.
However, if we want our young people to share in that success, we need to plant a new town in my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we will achieve that?
I do not blame my hon.
Friend for trying, but for good reason we established an independent expert advisory panel—the new towns taskforce—to make recommendations to Ministers on the location and delivery of new towns.
The taskforce will submit its final report to Ministers in the coming months.