I hope that the hon.
Lady recognises that we are putting significant amounts of investment into construction skills.
In the spring statement, the Government announced a £600 million investment that will recruit an additional 60,000 construction workers by 2029.
I am more than happy to recognise the contributions made by initiatives of the sort that she mentions in her constituency.
We absolutely need skills across the built environment to meet our targets.
If she will take steps through the spending review to increase social housing supply.
What steps she is taking to build more social and affordable homes.
In our first eight months in office, we have announced £800 million in new funding for the affordable homes programme and £2 billion as a down payment on future investment.
The previous Government handed back precious cash for social and affordable homes.
This Government will get those homes built.
The Chancellor will set out details of new investment at the spending review.
I very much welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to social and affordable housing.
I know that she will be concerned by the new analysis by the National Housing Federation, which finds that local authorities in England with the most severe shortage of social housing now have waiting lists exceeding 100 years for a family-sized social home.
With nearly 6,000 people on the waiting list in Salford alone, will she outline what support she will give local authorities and the social housing sector to deliver desperately needed social homes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We have a housing crisis in this country, and it is felt particularly acutely by those who need social and council housing.
That is why we have been absolutely clear that we want to deliver the biggest increase to social and affordable housing in a generation.
We have already outlined a number of measures, including allowing councils to retain 100% of right-to-buy receipts and making long-term funding settlements for rents.
We have set out the investment that we have put into the sector, but we will say more at the spending review.
Having access to a safe and secure home is a basic human need, but the Tories absolutely ignored this when they cut Government funding by £4.8 billion in just five years, and Derby has suffered the consequences.
Last year, waiting lists for social housing in our city reached record highs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to lift people stuck on these waiting lists out of limbo and into good social housing?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for Derby and many Members across this House can understand the acute pressures he mentions.
The fact is we have not been building enough homes, and we certainly have not been building enough social homes.
Therefore, we have already set out some steps, as I mentioned briefly earlier, around the right to buy receipts, and we are consulting on new long-term rent settlements to give providers confidence to build, and we will be investing billions of pounds into social housing.
I cannot pre-empt the spending review this week but the Chancellor will set out more then.
When a developer pledges to build 40% minimum of affordable housing and obtains outline planning permission on the basis of that pledge, and then, less than 20 months later, seeks to reduce the 40% to 0%, is that acceptable?
I am not going to stray into individual cases, but what I will say is that since gaining office this Government have confirmed the changes to the national planning policy framework, in particular around  section 106, to ensure that when developers seek planning permission and pledge that they are going to do something, they are kept to those pledges.
My constituency is seeing approximately 60,000 new homes being built across the Basildon and Thurrock areas.
Basildon hospital is consistently running at 98% capacity, and a school I visited today, which I was very proud to see in such a good state, has roughly 1,100 pupil applications for 300 available spaces each year.
Along with housing, my constituents are deeply concerned about the level of infrastructure being developed and the state of the existing infrastructure.
What reassurances can Ministers give them about those concerns?
Coming back to the point that we do need housing, including social and council housing, we have been clear in the changes that we have been making, including in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, to ensure that that infrastructure is there, because that is one of the barriers leading to people rejecting some proposals because the transport connectivity and the facilities are not available.
Therefore this Government are committed to ensuring we get the right type of development that supports local need and also, importantly, has the infrastructure alongside it.