Mr. ROGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise, today to pay tribute to Kentucky journalist Bill Estep, who is retiring from the Lexington Herald Leader after 40 years of dedicated news and investigative reporting in the Commonwealth.
As a resident of Somerset, Kentucky, Bill is one of my constituents, giving him personal insight into the generational challenges that we have faced in Kentucky's Appalachian region.
He has written about our coal mines, our education system, historic flooding and tornado disasters, while also holding elected leaders accountable in the courtroom of public opinion, and never failing to keep facts at the core of his journalistic integrity.
With the uprising of ``yellow journalism'' in the form of social media's sensational opinions and unchecked rumors, 24-hours a day, Bill has remained consistent in his news coverage, keeping his pen steady, balanced, fair and accurate.
Over the last four decades, Bill and I have sat down together to talk about every issue that impacts the people of southern and eastern Kentucky.
We built a trusted relationship with the understanding that we both had an important job to do, requiring tough questions and, at times, tough answers.
In 2003, Bill embarked on an investigative series called ``Prescription for Pain'' that would prove to have a monumental impact on my public service.
The series exposed a rapidly growing opioid epidemic more than 20 years ago that was spreading like wildfire throughout our small communities, taking the lives of high school beauty queens and local leaders alike, while revealing local corruption and criminal drug trafficking in the depths of our mountain communities.
His collective work inspired me to not only respond, but to take action.
In the following weeks, I called together a group of leaders from across our region to launch a non-profit organization called Operation UNITE--Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and Education--the Nation's first multi-pronged approach to help save lives and curb the drug crisis.
In 2012, Operation UNITE took its mission to the national stage by establishing the National Rx and Illicit Drug Summit, which has grown into the largest convention of its kind with more than 3,000 annual attendees and highlighted by keynote speakers from federal agencies across the country, including four U.S. Presidents.
Bill's reporting inspired a life-saving movement in Eastern Kentucky that is now impacting collaborative efforts nationwide--a feat worthy of a Pulitzer Prize and more.
In 2013, when the downturn of the coal industry was exacerbated by the Obama Administration's war on coal, we lost more than 12,000 coal mining jobs in Eastern Kentucky alone.
Once again, turning to action rather than words, former Governor Steve Beshear and I co-founded a bipartisan initiative called SOAR--Shaping Our Appalachian Region--to reimagine the future of southern and eastern Kentucky.
Since inception, SOAR has focused on expanding access to high performance broadband, more diversified industrial development, workforce training, innovative tourism