Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 40th Anniversary of Luso-American Development Foundation (FLAD).
The strengthening historic alliance between Portugal and the United States led to the creation of FLAD in 1985.
Its purpose at the time was to strengthen the relationship between our two countries through cultural exchanges and societal transatlantic relationships.
In 1983, the United States and Portugal formed a Cooperation and Defense Agreement.
This agreement piloted the establishment of FLAD.
This year FLAD also celebrates its ninth edition of the FLAD Legislators Dialogue, which brings together United States lawmakers of Portuguese ancestry with Portuguese leaders in Lisbon to foster powerful discussions on the strongest path forward to build relations and strengthen our collective security.
FLAD supports the work of Portuguese and Portuguese American students, researchers, scientists, and teachers at the forefront of science, while also facilitating contacts and collaborations with renowned U.S. institutions to build bridges between our two countries and establish new partnerships and possibilities for all generations.
FLAD's work also supports visiting professors at prestigious U.S. universities, such as Fresno State University, Brown University, Georgetown University, and University of Massachusetts Lowell to teach Portuguese Studies with the hopes of increasing Portuguese speakers in the United States.
FLAD has been highly successful in promoting internships for American students and facilitating their participation in programs in Portugal.
FLAD has been a principal supporter of Portuguese art and culture by collaborating on numerous initiatives that preserve the presence of Portuguese culture in the United States, allowing exchanges between artists, intellectuals and researchers of the two countries.
FLAD's contemporary art collection includes about 1000 works of art from Portuguese artists.
FLAD has continuously partnered with the California Portuguese American Coalition (CPAC) in supporting Portuguese advocacy within California communities.
These local communities helped shape the American culture and the economic growth throughout California's Central Valley and nationwide.