Throughout many long days and late nights in the

California State Senate, she juggled conflicting events and last-minute

crises, always ensuring that my staff and I were taken care of.
Her

dedication enabled all of us to do our best work for our constituents.
Megan managed a complex and dynamic calendar, scheduled District and

Capitol meetings, and coordinated myriad requests that came through the

office.
She also handled front desk management and facilitated

legislative resolutions, predicting office needs ahead of time so that

we would be set up for success.
Megan's keen sense of organization and

detail-oriented approach to her job were invaluable assets.
Megan maintained exceptional professionalism through stressful

situations.
Her interpersonal skills and her savvy approach to problem-

solving made her an asset to the team.
In addition to her excellent

scheduling abilities, Megan had extensive knowledge of the California

state legislature and the political landscape.
As a former Capitol

staffer, she understood the intricacies of the legislative process and

could navigate it easily and applied this knowledge to best serve

constituents.
Most importantly, Megan's deep sense of public service

propelled her to positions of public trust.
Megan's exceptional work ethic and friendly demeanor earned her the

respect and admiration of everyone she worked with.
Her positive

attitude and ability to maintain a calm demeanor, even in high-pressure

situations, made her well-liked by everyone.
Megan was a valuable asset

to the team and a trusted friend to many of her coworkers.
Throughout her long career of hard work and many late nights in

Sacramento and Washington, D.C., Megan remained dedicated to being

there for her family.
It takes a strong woman to juggle the long hours

and taxing work of politics while always showing up for her amazing

daughters and son.
Megan's dedication to her family life is an

inspiration for all of us.
And now, I'd like to congratulate Megan on

becoming a new grandmother.
I am truly delighted for Megan and her

family.
Megan is back in Sacramento, living her best life with her doting

family who look up to her and cherish her intelligence and warmth.
While I miss Megan cracking jokes during the workday, I wish her the

best in this new chapter.
I thank Megan for her many years of service

and dedication to the people of Los Angeles.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MAYOR DAVID HELMS

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mayor

David Helms, who passed away on March 20th, at the age of 83.
Mayor Helms was born on October 11, 1940, in Glade Spring, Virginia.
Upon his graduation from Glade Spring High School, he studied

elementary education at Emory & Henry College.
Later, he received his

master's degree in education from Radford University.
His first education jobs included teaching stints at Meadowview

Elementary School and Glade Spring Elementary School.
Later, Mr. Helms

served as Assistant Principal and Principal of Marion Primary School.
He served in his role as Principal until his retirement from education

in 2000.
From 1990-2000, Mr. Helms served on the Marion Town Council.
He

became Marion's Mayor in 2000.
In public office, Mayor Helms pursued

projects to revitalize downtown Marion and improve his community.
Mayor Helms was a fierce advocate in recognizing veterans for their

contributions and sacrifices.
He worked closely with the Marion VFW

chapter and the East Tennessee Chapter of Rolling Thunder.
Mayor Helms

also played an instrumental role in promoting Marion's Memorial Day

activities.
Marion's Memorial Day parade is one of the most patriotic

festivities in the Ninth District of Virginia.
I have loved being in

the parade with Mayor Helms.
It receives widespread praise across the

Commonwealth and the region every year.
Also, Mayor Helms was an active member of the Glade Spring Volunteer

Fire Department.
He admitted that firefighting and rescue services were

in his blood.