Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF VALERIE DENISE CAMPBELL; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
68

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF VALERIE DENISE CAMPBELL

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

extraordinary life of Valerie Denise Campbell--a pillar of the Lake

Como community, who was better known as Denise to the people who loved

her.
Denise attended Como Elementary School and then went on to

Arlington Heights High School to support the desegregation of schools

in Fort Worth.
She then went on after high school graduation to attend

Texas Women's University in 1975, where she majored in music education.
After college, she began her career at General Dynamics and later had a

32-year career serving North Texas children with Fort Worth ISD,

teaching at Burton Hill Elementary.
Denise, a staunch woman of faith, was baptized by the late Pastor

G.W. Burton.
As a young girl, Denise began playing piano at the Zion

Baptist Church in Church School and eventually on Sunday mornings.
She

also was a loving wife, mother, and family member to many.
She was the

wife of Wendell Campbell for 47 years, was the mother to three

beautiful children, a grandmother, a family member, and was also a

loving pet owner.
Denise was sometimes referred to as ``The Music Librarian'' because

she was a gifted and talented musician.
She loved music, and her life

was dedicated to the Lord, family, and sacred music.
For years, she

played at the Zion Baptist Church under the pastoral leadership of the

Reverends J.W. Briscoe and Maurice E. Barnes.
Later, she went on to

join her husband at the West Mount Moriah Baptist Church, where she was

greeted with joy and accolades.
Without taking a break, she began to

play the piano and organ there.
I rise again to commemorate her memory and wish my deepest

condolences to everyone whose lives she touched.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE SIRMON FAMILY OF BALDWIN COUNTY

HON.
JERRY L. CARL

Mr. CARL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Sirmon Family

of Baldwin County on their family farm being awarded the 2024 Alabama

Farm of Distinction.
Sirmon Farms is owned by Joel and Patti Sirmon,

and Joel's mother, Shirley, and brother, James also help run the 5-

generation family-owned farm.
At Sirmon Farms, they grow cotton, corn,

peanuts, and sweet potatoes across 4500 acres in the Belforest

Community.
They will go on to represent Alabama during the Sunbelt

Agriculture Expo in the Southeastern Farmer of the Year contest this

fall.
Congratulations to the Sirmon Family and their family farm.
I am

thankful for the impact they make on our state, and I am proud to be

their representative.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MEGAN GARRISON

HON.
SYDNEY KAMLAGER-DOVE

Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great public

servant, colleague, and friend, Megan Garrison.
Megan was a staffer in

various California state government offices for over a decade before

working for me as we served the people of Assembly District 54,

starting in 2019, and the people of Senate District 30, starting in

2021.
Notably, Megan helped me transition to my role as a new Member in

this very body and served as Director of Operations for California's

37th Congressional District at the beginning of this Congress.
Megan was an exceptional scheduler who brought a wealth of experience

to her role.
Throughout many long days and late nights in the

California State Senate, she juggled conflicting events and last-minute

crises, always ensuring that my staff and I were taken care of.
Her

dedication enabled all of us to do our best work for our constituents.
Megan managed a complex and dynamic calendar, scheduled District and

Capitol meetings, and coordinated myriad requests that came through the

office.