It receives widespread praise across the

Commonwealth and the region every year.
Also, Mayor Helms was an active member of the Glade Spring Volunteer

Fire Department.
He admitted that firefighting and rescue services were

in his blood.
Mayor Helms is survived by his wife Sue Winsett Helms; brother-in-

law, Clyde Hoots; many cousins, nieces, nephews, and their families.
I had the pleasure of working with Mayor Helms over the years.
His

love for Marion and Smyth County was evident.
As a public-school

teacher, principal, and town council member, Mayor Helms exhibited some

of the finest qualities of a public servant.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
TROY BALDERSON

Mr. BALDERSON.
Mr. Speaker, on April 17, 2024 I inadvertently missed

Roll Call vote No.
136, H.R. 4639.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
136.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
BEN CHAN

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a local Green Bay

celebrity and Jeopardy champion, Dr. Ben Chan.
In the Spring of 2023, Ben captured the attention of Jeopardy viewers

nationwide.
He went on a nine-game winning streak and won more than

$250,000 on the trivia show.
While he was competing, the fans were

charmed by his positive attitude; oftentimes, he could be seen

``raising-the-roof,'' and he always placed an exclamation point after

his name.
He shared stories about his dogs, Ruthie and Chester, who he

plans on spending a portion of his winnings on.
Although Ben's winning

streak ended over a controversial rule, he was invited back to compete

in the Tournament of Champions.
Ultimately, Ben has won over $350,000

on Jeopardy.
While Ben has an extensive fan-base nationwide, some of his most

loyal fans reside in his hometown of Green Bay.
Ben is an assistant

professor of philosophy at St. Norbert College in De Pere.
The college

community continues to embrace Ben and his success on Jeopardy.
When he

is not on campus, Ben can be found greeting fans in the community.
Recently, he hosted public watch parties for his appearances on

Tournament of Champions.
Wisconsinites flocked to local restaurants and

breweries to cheer him on.
In addition to these events, Ben uses his

platform to promote Northeast Wisconsin organizations.
Appleton's Minor

League Baseball Team, the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, invited Ben to

throw out the first pitch last summer.
He even had the opportunity to

shoot the famous Bratzooka cannon, which launches brats into the

stands.
When he competed in the Tournament of Champions, he highlighted

one of Green Bay's main attractions, Bay Beach Amusement Park.
Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincerest congratulations to Dr. Ben Chan.
He

is a trivia genius who is making monumental impacts in the Green Bay

community.
I, along with many Wisconsinites, will miss seeing Ben

compete on the show.
I look forward to seeing what Ben accomplishes

next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE BICENTENNIAL OF WILLIAMS COUNTY, OHIO

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a very historic occasion

for the people of Williams County, ``nestled in the extreme Northwest

corner of Ohio.''
The community will begin a weekend of celebration to

commemorate the milestone.
Williams County was named for David Williams, a Revolutionary War

hero involved in the capture of British officer Major John Andre.
Originally encompassing a larger area of Northwest Ohio, Williams

County was part of territory set aside for Native American people in

the Treaty of Greenville.
Part of the territory was also disputed

between Ohio and Michigan, a dispute settled in 1836 which placed the

county in Ohio.
The land was part of the ``Great Black Swamp'' and was the last in

Ohio to be settled.
Because it was swampland, the earliest settlers

faced severe hardship with travel, farming, and insects.