Every summer, children with physical handicaps such as diabetes, down

syndrome, polio, missing limbs, blindness, and other disabilities are

accommodated every year at a weeklong camp session at no cost to their

families.
Over 82,000 children have attended Texas Lions Camp since it

opened in 1949.
The Camp motto is ``All Can Do!''
Campers experience a

zip line, climbing wall, ropes course, fishing, boating, swimming,

archery, arts and crafts, miniature golf, and much more.
Therapeutic

horseback riding was added in the 1980s and became a favorite pastime

for campers.
A more recent addition is the family camping experience,

allowing the families of kids with special needs to experience Texas

Lions Camp.
On a more personal note, my father, Don Roy, attended the Lions Camp

in Kerrville when he was recovering from Polio in the 1950s, and still

talks about the positive impact it had on him and the other children.
I

am grateful to the eight hundred Texas Lions Clubs International that

work tirelessly to provide funds for children with special needs to

attend Texas Lions Camp.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO CATHI HERROD

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, Cathi Herrod serves as president of the

Center for Arizona Policy.
She has been a pro-life and pro-family

warrior for decades in Arizona.
Her efforts at the State Capitol and

around Arizona communities have helped to ensure that we cherish our

values and respect the dignity of life.
Thanks, in large part, to her

tireless work, Arizona is one of the top pro-life and pro-family states

in the Nation, and she continues to fight to maintain this standing in

the face of overwhelming odds from opposing forces.
During her distinguished career, she has received the Family Champion

Award from Focus on the Family, the William Wilberforce Award from

Students for Life of America, and the Deborah Award from Family Life

Radio.
On behalf of Arizona's Eighth Congressional District, I applaud Cathi

Herrod for her service to our state and thank her for her continued

action to defend life and family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO JOHN KAVANAGH

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, John Kavanagh serves as an Arizona State

Senator for Legislative District 3, covering the Northeast Valley.
He

has served in the Arizona Legislature since 2007.
Before coming to

Arizona, John worked as a police officer for the Port Authority of New

York and the New Jersey Police Department.
I had the privilege of

serving with Senator Kavanagh for a number of years when I was a state

legislator, and we worked on several policies and reforms that have

made a lasting impact for future generations of Arizonans.
John has earned much recognition for his conservative principles

during his time in the legislature, including a Lifetime A+ rating from

the National Rifle Association, a Lifetime A rating from the American

Conservative Union, and a Lifetime A rating from the Center for Arizona

Policy.
Arizona's Eighth Congressional District thanks him for his

distinguished record of service to his district and our state.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO JUSTIN WILMETH

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, Justin Wilmeth serves as an Arizona State

Representative for Legislative District 2, covering the North Valley.
Since joining the legislature in 2021, Justin has been a force to be

reckoned with, setting a first-year freshman record with eight

sponsored bills being signed into law by Arizona's governor.
Justin understands the issues and values that matter most to our

great state, and he is working every day to protect our laws.
From

securing the border, to enhancing economic prosperity, to defending our

Second Amendment, to fighting for election integrity and transparency,

Justin has proven to be a relentless warrior for conservative

principles and policies, making his constituents very proud of his

efforts.