This $4 million investment not only expands production

and warehouse capacity, but also strengthens the local economy and

supports job growth in Michigan.
Mr. Speaker, I applaud SABA's continued success and leadership, and I

am proud to welcome their expanded presence in St. Clair.
I wish them

the very best as they open this new chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DORIS HAYWOOD-BRIDGETT

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious, loyal, and self-motivated leader--Mrs. Doris Haywood-

Bridgett--a pillar of the Shelby, Mississippi, community and a devoted

servant to Bolivar County for nearly a century.
Born in 1935 in Boyle, Mississippi, Mrs. Haywood-Bridgett recently

celebrated her 90th birthday.
A lifelong resident of Shelby, she

remains an active and driving force in her community.
Her tireless

commitment and continued contributions serve as an inspiration to all.
Mrs. Haywood-Bridgett, alongside her late husband, Pastor Will

Bridgett, Jr., made history in Shelby as the first African American

business owners in town, opening Bridgett Bakery Shop.
A licensed

beautician since the late 1960's, she has been serving her loyal

clients for decades and has yet to fully retire.
In addition to her

professional work, she operated an in-home daycare in the 1970's and

1980's and served as Site Manager for the Bolivar County Community

Action Agency in Cleveland, Mississippi.
Throughout her life, Mrs. Haywood-Bridgett has demonstrated an

unwavering dedication to children and families.
Whether through her

daycare, her beautician chair, or simply her open-door policy for

neighborhood children seeking help with homework, she has poured love,

wisdom, and guidance into generations.
Her service to the community extends beyond her personal and

professional life.
She served as Vice President of the Shelby Chamber

of Commerce for over a decade, spearheading efforts to remove blighted

properties, improve public spaces, and revitalize local infrastructure.
Known affectionately as ``the neighborhood Mother,'' her home has

always been a safe haven, a place of encouragement and support.
With the election of a new city administration, Mrs. Haywood-Bridgett

remains hopeful and engaged in shaping a brighter future for Shelby.
Her unwavering faith in God keeps her grounded and strong, as she

continues to pray for the strength to do what needs to be done.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend Mrs. Doris Haywood-

Bridgett--for a lifetime of service, leadership, and enduring

commitment to the people of Shelby and Bolivar County, Mississippi.
Her

story is a living testament to the impact of a single life dedicated to

service, and her legacy will echo for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GARRETT EVANS UPON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Garrett Evans

for his more than 28 years of dedicated public service to the City of

Pittsburg, California.
Mr. Evans began his career with the city in 1997, serving in roles

ranging from Analyst to Economic & Redevelopment Coordinator, Director

of Economic Development, Director of the Redevelopment Agency, Director

of Power, Assistant City Manager, and ultimately City Manager for the

past six and a half years.
Under his leadership, Pittsburg has seen

significant growth in economic development, infrastructure, and

community services.
Among his many accomplishments, Mr. Evans played a central role in

the $525 million Trans Bay Cable project, delivering up to 40 percent

of San Francisco's energy from Pittsburg and strengthening energy

reliability across the Bay Area.
He also contributed to the success of

the Pittsburg Power Company, generating over $100 million in long-term

revenue for community priorities such as public safety, workforce

development, and infrastructure improvements.
His tenure also included the revitalization of Old Town Pittsburg,

expansion of waterfront amenities, and maintaining high-quality city

services through the COVID-19 pandemic.
Garrett Evans leaves behind a legacy of steady leadership, strategic

vision, and unwavering dedication to his community.