Kazakhstan's decision to close the Semipalatinsk test site in 1991

and to relinquish its nuclear arsenal was an act of profound global

importance.
By ratifying the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START I),

joining the International Atomic Energy Agency, acceding to the Treaty

on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, signing the Comprehensive

Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, and working with the United States through the

Cooperative Threat Reduction Program, Kazakhstan demonstrated how

nations can choose security through disarmament rather than weapons of

mass destruction.
Together, our countries worked to eliminate Kazakhstan's inherited

nuclear arsenal, dismantle former Soviet nuclear infrastructure,

and secure vulnerable nuclear materials.
Notably, this partnership

resulted in the safe removal of over 1,300 pounds of highly enriched

uranium from the Ulba Metallurgical Plant--strengthening global

security and setting a model for future cooperation.
Today, as arms control architectures fray and nuclear dangers mount,

that example takes on new urgency.
The world faces a moment of great

peril: nuclear arsenals are being modernized, new technologies are

emerging that could undermine strategic stability, and the norms

against nuclear testing and proliferation are under strain.
The vision

of a world free from nuclear tests and the spread of nuclear weapons,

advanced by Kazakhstan through their decision to disarm and continued

commitment to a world free from nuclear weapons, is more urgent than

ever.
In 2009, the United Nations General Assembly designated August 29th

as the International Day Against Nuclear Tests--honoring Kazakhstan's

decision and reminding the world of the human costs of explosive

testing of nuclear weapons.
Civil society, too, has helped illuminate what is possible.
The

Nevada-Semipalatinsk Movement, a grassroots anti-nuclear weapons

movement uniting citizens across continents, helped build the momentum

to end nuclear testing.
We must draw on that same spirit today to

reinvigorate arms control diplomacy, rebuild confidence in

nonproliferation regimes, and press forward on treaties like the

Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
On this 15th Annual International Day Against Nuclear Tests, I urge

my colleagues to reaffirm our Nation's leadership in arms control,

recommit to preventing the spread of nuclear weapons and materials, and

ensure that the horrors of nuclear testing and nuclear weapons use are

never repeated.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE JOHN HAECKER

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished

career of Detective John Haecker from the Euless Police Department, who

is retiring after decades of dedicated service.
John began with the City of Euless in 1995 as a part-time Parks Field

Technician.
He became a full-time Police Officer in 1999, promoted to

Senior Police Officer in 2003.
He currently serves in the Criminal

Investigation Division with the Economic Crimes Unit.
He was named

Officer of the Year in 2010.
A Certified Master Peace Officer and

Certified Fraud Examiner, John has extensive training in Identity

Theft, Forgery, and Credit/Debit Card Fraud.
He is also responsible for

the training of new Detectives for the Criminal Investigative Division.
John has served as President of the Fraud Investigators Association

Crime Investigators and the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners.
He enjoys spending time with his family and has proudly continued his

family's tradition of public service.
I would like to thank Detective Haecker for his exemplary service to

North Texas and congratulate him on his well-deserved retirement.