In the 116th and 117th Congresses, the House passed this bill

as part of the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.
Cameras can increase transparency, strengthen public trust and even

deter criminal behavior.
With the surge of federal law enforcement

officers in the District of Columbia this month, this bill has become

even more important.
We first introduced this bill after Bijan Ghaisar was fatally shot on

November 17, 2017, in his car by U.S. Park Police officers in Fairfax

County, Virginia, after a vehicle pursuit on the George Washington

Memorial Parkway.
Video of this shooting only became available through

a camera in a Fairfax County Police Department patrol car that was

providing backup.
Had it not been for that footage, which was recorded

and released by that local police department, the public would not have

had access to the circumstances surrounding Mr. Ghaisar's death.
Moreover, the footage revealed concerns about the Park Police's pursuit

and engagement policies.
Body and dashboard cameras for federal law enforcement officers are

particularly important for the officers stationed in D.C., where the

Park Police and the U.S. Secret Service Uniformed Division have full

local police powers.
Many other federal law enforcement agencies also

have local police powers near their respective agency buildings in D.C.

In 2022, President Biden issued an executive order (E.O.) requiring

federal law enforcement agencies to use body cameras.
President Trump

rescinded this E.O.

I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MARKING THE 15TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST NUCLEAR TESTS

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 15th annual

International Day Against Nuclear Tests, observed each year on August

29th.
This day serves as both a reminder of the terrible human and

environmental toll of nuclear testing and a call to action as the world

confronts new dangers of nuclear proliferation and a fraying arms

control architecture.
The United States knows well the harmful legacy of nuclear testing.
Between 1945 and 1963, our Nation conducted more than one thousand

explosive nuclear weapons tests, including over two hundred atmospheric

detonations.
The radioactive fallout from these tests condemned

thousands of so-called ``downwinders'' to illness and premature death

from cancers and other grave diseases.
Their suffering is a stark

reminder that even a world without nuclear war is not without victims

of nuclear weapons.
In 1990, Congress enacted the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to

provide some measure of redress to individuals harmed by nuclear

testing.
Yet the program was incomplete, excluding key populations who

endured some of the most devastating consequences of atmospheric

nuclear detonations.
This program, providing long-overdue compensation

to those who bore the costs of our Nation's nuclear testing, was

recently extended to 2028 and expanded to additional populations.
But

much more must be done to fully address the consequences of nuclear

testing and to reduce the dangers posed by nuclear war.
The burdens inflicted by nuclear testing are not borne by the United

States alone.
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991,

Kazakhstan inherited the world's fourth-largest nuclear arsenal and the

Semipalatinsk nuclear test site.
Between 1949 and 1989, the Soviet

Union conducted 456 nuclear tests at Semipalatinsk, devastating

communities and leaving a toxic legacy for more than a million Kazakh

citizens.
Kazakhstan's decision to close the Semipalatinsk test site in 1991

and to relinquish its nuclear arsenal was an act of profound global

importance.
By ratifying the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START I),

joining the International Atomic Energy Agency, acceding to the Treaty

on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, signing the Comprehensive

Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, and working with the United States through the

Cooperative Threat Reduction Program, Kazakhstan demonstrated how

nations can choose security through disarmament rather than weapons of

mass destruction.
Together, our countries worked to eliminate Kazakhstan's inherited

nuclear arsenal, dismantle former Soviet nuclear infrastructure,

and secure vulnerable nuclear materials.