Again, congratulations to Ms. Sigler on winning this prestigious

award.
She should feel immensely proud of all she has done to educate

our students and instill in them a lifelong love of learning.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Ms. Alianna

Sigler on being named Cumberland County's Teacher of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
MARGIE LEE PAGE JONES IN RECOGNITION OF HER CENTENARIAN

BIRTHDAY

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

accomplishments of Ms. Margie Lee Page Jones, as she has reached her

100th birthday.
Ms. Jones was born to Myrtle and Lovy Page on September 16, 1924 in

Lee County, Texas.
She soon became a big sister to her brother Alton

Page.
Their childhood was shaped by simple pleasures, including riding

donkeys and spending time with their horse named `Oh Baby.'
Ms. Jones

also developed a love for music throughout her childhood with the song

`Rattlesnake Daddy' playing on their wind-up Victrola phonograph.
She attended the Doaks Springs School, where she was mentored by

Principal C.L. Salsbury and teacher Ms. Corrett Moore.
Soon after, she

furthered her studies at C.J. Walker Beauty College.
It was in Dallas,

Texas that she met and married the love of her life, Mr. Joseph Jones.
Together, they had four children--Myrtle Denise, Larry Joe, Elissa

(Lisa) Lynn, and Michael Lee.
Their marriage continued until Mr. Jones passed away in 2001.
Margie's family grew to include six grandchildren and nine great-

grandchildren, reflecting her role as a devoted mother and grandmother.
Throughout her life,

Ms. Jones has been a devout Christian and has played an active role in

her church.
Her involvement with the Jordan Missionary Baptist Church

began in the late 1960s, where she has been an active member for over

56 years.
In 2015, she was honored as one of the Church Mothers,

recognizing her longstanding commitment to her community.
As we mark her 100th birthday, we celebrate Margie's contributions to

her family and community.
Happy 100th birthday to Ms. Jones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NATIONAL HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
FRANK J. MRVAN

Mr. MRVAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I rise to

celebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month and its 2024 theme, Pioneers

of Change Shaping the Future Together.
From September 15, 2024, through

October 15, 2024, in honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, the people of

the United States will reflect on the outstanding contributions

Hispanic Americans have made for the future success of our great

Nation.
Hispanic Heritage Month begins each year on September 15 and

recognizes the anniversaries of the independence of five Latin American

countries: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua.
Mexico and Chile observe their independence days on September 16 and

September 18, respectively.
This month, we take the time to commend the

many inspiring Hispanic leaders that work to create programs and

opportunities that are crucial for the progress of the Hispanic

community in Northwest Indiana and beyond.
I am proud and honored to highlight recent efforts made in the region

to strengthen educational opportunities for the Hispanic community.
In

2020, Indiana University Northwest in Gary, Indiana, was designated as

a Hispanic-Serving Institution by the United States Department of

Education.
Purdue University Northwest in Hammond, Indiana, received

the same designation in 2024.
The Hispanic-Serving Institution

designation provides universities with resources for the implementation

of programs, facilities, and services to enhance educational

opportunities for Hispanic Americans.
I believe that this remarkable

program not only empowers the Hispanic community throughout Northwest

Indiana but is truly vital for the prosperity of our country.