Sadly, I

share with the author, only 3% of Israeli Jews are literate

in Arabic.
That is part of an important discussion concerning

Israel's better integration into the surrounding Arab Middle

East while there are those Israelis who prefer a Western

orientation.
I suggest that both approaches ought be pursued

tandem.
The book's Part Two is dedicated to the Gaza War, 2023-4,

triggered by the October 7, 2023, Hamas's massacres which the

author thankfully condemns though seemingly impressed with

the military aspects of catching Israel by surprise as Egypt

did in the 1973 Yom Kippur War, the breaking through the

failed billion plus costly barrier, along with the heavy

Israeli fatalities, casualties and captives.
``The brutality

of Hamas's attack and the civilian death toll certainly cast

a shadow on their military success.
Whereas an occupied population has the right under the

international law to resist, they have no right to commit war

crimes.
Still, this time the Palestinians did not fit into

the role of victims.
To the Israelis it seemed like

aggressors who were challenging Israel's very existence.''
The astute Shehadeh is surely aware that Gaza was returned

to the Palestinians in 2005 by then Prime Minister Sharon,

followed by Hamas's forceful occupation and the cruel

toppling of the Palestinian Authority there with no elections

since the 2006 Hamas's ``victory''.
He regards the Israeli

response to the October 7 Nazi-like Hamas's massacres

excessive, expecting public Israeli criticism as back in 1982

with the horrific Sabra and Shatila massacres in Lebanon.
The

author though surely knows that the Christian Phalangists had

a decisive hand at that time.
Somehow, there is no reference

also to Iran's leading role in directing its radical proxies,

Hamas, Hezbollah, Houthis and others, to prevent the near

peace between Israel and Saudi Arabia with the successful

foundation of the Abraham Accords.
Also, the author's

comparison of Israel to the once South African apartheid

state is misleading.
I wholeheartedly concur with Shehadeh's following

assessment, ``Young Israelis felt secure enough that they

planned a rave night on the border with Gaza.
But when Hamas

broke through Israel's vulnerability and insecurity were

exposed.
Israelis were traumatized because they realized they

couldn't go on with their life in the same way, making the

same assumptions about the reality of the state and its

security.
Unless, that is, they defeated the aggressor.''
I

also share the author's own response to his book's title,

``The very high human and material cost of the war in Gaza

proves that what Israel fears from Palestine is Palestine's

very existence.''
Surely a Hamas controlled Palestinian state

is not accepted by Israel for obvious reasons.
I do appreciate Shehadeh's optimism concerning the future,

``And yet, looking back at the history of the region it is

only after great upheavals that hopeful consequences

follow.''
However, the central question and challenge remain,

whether two separate and contradictory narratives can be

reconciled for the future sake of both peoples.
Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman is the founder of Temple Lev

Tikvah in Virginia Beach.
Kazakhstan's only born rabbi, he is

the son of Polish Holocaust Survivors and spent his early

childhood in transit and DP Camps in Austria and Germany.
He

grew up Haifa, Israel.