To honor this year's Constitution Week, I ask my fellow citizens, and

especially my fellow Members of Congress, to reaffirm the ideals the

Framers of the Constitution had in 1787 by vigilantly protecting the

freedoms guaranteed to us through this guardian of our liberties.
I extend my sincerest gratitude to the members of the John Guill-

Polly Hawkins Craig Chapter of the National Society Daughters of the

American Revolution for their steadfast commitment to honoring the

history of our great Nation and for hosting a Constitution Week

celebration for my constituents.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER AS SEPSIS AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
MARCUS J. MOLINARO

Mr. MOLINARO.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize September 2024

as Sepsis Awareness Month.
We honor individuals who have been affected

by sepsis and pledge unwavering support and recognition of the

diagnosis to patients and families.
Sepsis is a life-threatening medical emergency triggered by the

body's extreme response to an infection.
It occurs when an existing

infection spurs a chain reaction throughout the body and rapidly leads

to tissue damage, organ failure, and death without treatment.
According

to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an estimated 1.7

million American adults are diagnosed with sepsis and 350,000 adults

die or are discharged to hospice as a result of it every year.
Accordingly, 1 in 3 people who die in a hospital had sepsis during that

hospitalization and for every hour treatment is delayed, the risk of

death increases by 4 percent to 9 percent.
This life-threatening

medical emergency is the leading cause of death in U.S. hospitals.
To raise awareness around this devastating diagnosis, we must educate

people, share survivor stories, and support innovation and research.
According to the Sepsis Alliance, an estimated 37 percent of U.S.

adults have never heard of sepsis, reinforcing the need to arm

communities with the resources to recognize and respond to it.
Our

commitment to accelerating education of the diagnosis must remain a

priority to save lives and limbs from sepsis.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in

recognizing the month of September to advocate for patients diagnosed

with sepsis and for the tireless work of the families, caretakers, and

researchers supporting those who have been impacted by it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMARKS ON THE ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN CONFLICT

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record

remarks submitted at the request of a Virginia Beach constituent, Rabbi

Dr. Israel Zoberman of Temple Lev Tikvah, and are a reflection of his

views:

On The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict

Palestinian award-winning author and lawyer, Raja Shehadeh

is co-founder in 1979 of Al-Haq, the Palestinian human rights

organization.
The Observer loaded him, ``Palestine's greatest

prose writer'' and the New York Times Book Review heaps

praises as well, ``in his moral clarity and bearing of the

heart is self-questioning and assistance on focusing on the

experience of the individual within the storms of nationalist

myth and hubris, Shehadeh recalls writers such as Ghassan

Kanafani and Primo Levi.''
In his latest book with a challenging title, What Does

Israel Fear From Palestine?
New York: Other Press.
2024,

Shehadeh, clearly a Palestinian patriot who was born in 1951

in the West Bank town of Ramallah, offers us a concise packed

yet imbalanced perspective on the long and agonizing

Palestinian-Israeli conflict that the October 7, 2023,

Hamas's vile attack with terrifying Holocaust dimensions, has

brought into sharp view with months of fighting and much

suffering to both sides.
The detail-oriented writer and

activist is anchored in the Palestinian saga of loss and

grievances going back to the pivotal 1948 victorious Israeli

War of Independence which the Palestinians painfully regard

as their Nakba (Catastrophe).