Constitution Week serves as a reminder of the enduring

importance of our Constitution and the freedoms it guarantees.
The

Daughters of the American Revolution and the Children of the American

Revolution play an invaluable role in educating future generations

about the principles enshrined by our founding fathers.
Through educational initiatives, historical preservation efforts, and

community outreach, the Daughters of the American Revolution and the

Children of the American Revolution actively engage in preserving our

nation's story.
Their programs--from providing scholarships to holding

essay contests to facilitating history projects--encourage young

Americans to take pride in their country and serve as a reminder to

Americans of their civic duty to protect and defend the Constitution.
I thank the Daughters of the American Revolution Fredericksburg

Chapter and the Surgeon Lawrence Brooks Society of the Children of the

American Revolution for their dedication and service to our communities

on behalf of this noble cause.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating

Constitution Week and recognizing the Daughters of the American

Revolution and the Children of the American Revolution for their

remarkable achievements and their continued commitment to educating the

American people about the United States Constitution and the history of

our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
LARRY LAVELLE CHRISTIAN

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

accomplishments of Larry Lavelle Christian--a hero in our Tarrant

County community and beyond.
Larry Lavelle Christian grew up in Jones, Louisiana.
As an adult, Mr.

Christian ultimately moved to North Texas.
As a professional truck

driver, he drove through the entire county.
``Country boy,'' as he was

known in his childhood, was a steadfast figure of reliability in the

trucking community, always trying to be helpful and uplift his fellow

truckers.
Following the death of his wife, Mr. Christian leaned on his faith

and felt called to retire.
Upon his retirement and in one of the

darkest moments of his life, Larry wanted to help others.
Each week,

Mr. Christian collected food donations and delivered them to

underserved neighborhoods.
Mr. Christian's dedication to the fight against food insecurity

illustrates his character and commitment to our community.
Mr.

Christian's leadership and dedication has made a true difference in the

state of Texas.
He has been recognized by the Midwest Food Bank Texas,

a nonprofit focused on combating hunger.
In collaboration, they

launched a major effort to obtain and distribute food to those in need.
Their combined work led to $673,000 worth of food being provided to

families, children, and seniors throughout Texas.
I am pleased to honor

Mr. Larry Lavelle Christian today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
ALIANNA SIGLER OF ELIZABETH CASHWELL ELEMENTARY ON WINNING

CUMBERLAND COUNTY SCHOOLS 2025 TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Ms. Alianna Sigler on being named Cumberland County Schools Teacher of

the Year.
Ms. Sigler has over nine years of teaching experience and has spent

the last two years in her current role with Elizabeth Cashwell

Elementary.
She has won the admiration of both students and parents

alike due to her focus on student-centered education.
As the son of a retired Cabarrus County teacher, I understand the

sacrifices our teachers and educators make every single day on behalf

of our students, and I want to personally thank Ms. Sigler for all of

her hard work.
I feel so proud and blessed that we have such selfless

and devoted teachers, like Ms. Sigler, in our community.
Again, congratulations to Ms. Sigler on winning this prestigious

award.
She should feel immensely proud of all she has done to educate

our students and instill in them a lifelong love of learning.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Ms. Alianna

Sigler on being named Cumberland County's Teacher of the Year.