New York: Other Press.
2024,

Shehadeh, clearly a Palestinian patriot who was born in 1951

in the West Bank town of Ramallah, offers us a concise packed

yet imbalanced perspective on the long and agonizing

Palestinian-Israeli conflict that the October 7, 2023,

Hamas's vile attack with terrifying Holocaust dimensions, has

brought into sharp view with months of fighting and much

suffering to both sides.
The detail-oriented writer and

activist is anchored in the Palestinian saga of loss and

grievances going back to the pivotal 1948 victorious Israeli

War of Independence which the Palestinians painfully regard

as their Nakba (Catastrophe).
Touching are the author's reminiscences of growing up in

Ramallah with his grandma who was a refugee from Jaffa, ever

missing her old home and inculcating in her young grandson an

attachment to the family's past.
``For a long time, I was

hostage to the memories, perceptions and attitudes of others

that I could not abandon.
My sense of place was not my own.''
However, following the 1967 War when he was able to visit

Jaffa, his family's roots gained a realistic sense of

belonging.
The close physical proximity was a primary factor.
Shehadeh blames the British for the turn of events

culminating in the 1948 Arab defeat and the Palestinian

debacle, pointing at the 1917 Balfour Declaration as the root

cause, stating that the 1922 to 1948 British Mandate was

dedicated to fulfilling the earlier declared British

commitment toward the Jewish people.
I believe that

historians would beg to differ, regarding a gradual British

shift in the Arabs' favor and manifested in severe limits on

Jewish refugees before and after WWII and the Holocaust.
Intense Jewish military pressure was created as the British

Empire was disintegrating.
The author claims that ``what

happened in Palestine was the utter dissolution of a

nation,'' notwithstanding the acknowledged fact that no such

``nation'' historically existed yet the Israeli Jewish

narrative supported by the Bible claims past millennial

Jewish life and creativity which is cavalierly dismissed by

the author, ``Israel treated the Bible as a historical

document and used it to back up the claim that the land had

belonged to the Jews from time immemorial, having been

promised to them by the Almighty.''
He bemoans the fate of the Palestinian Arabs, about

160,000, who remained in Israel and were ``forced'' to

celebrate Israel Independence Day.
Admittedly, they were

caught in a bind but there is no evidence that they were

coerced to celebrate Israel's national festivals.
After all

they have enjoyed the benefits of becoming Israeli citizens

and significant progress of integration was accomplished

though challenges remain in a complex scenario with serious

security issues.
There is evidence of growing Palestinization

to trade their Israeli citizenship for an Arab one.
There is

no mention by the author of the 750,000 Jewish refugees in

1948 from Arab lands who left under duress, subject to

pogroms and losing their belongings following centuries of

discrimination.
It is hard for Shehadeh to come to grips with Israel's

success to establish a modern Jewish national identity,

defined by him as ``Zionist colonization,'' with the

revitalized Hebrew language bestowing Hebrew names on the

rebuilt landscape that had carried Arab ones.
He points at, a

non-starter, proposal of his late father, Aziz Shehadeh,

following the 1967 War, to use the 1947 Partition

Resolution--then denied by the Arabs--for a Palestinian

state.
Abba Eban, Israel's legendary foreign minister,

insightfully coined that the Palestinians ``never missed an

opportunity to miss an opportunity.''
Indeed, the

controversial Jewish State Law of July 19, 2018, caused

understandable consternation among Israeli Arabs, exacerbated

by the dropping of Arabic as an official language.
Sadly, I

share with the author, only 3% of Israeli Jews are literate

in Arabic.
That is part of an important discussion concerning

Israel's better integration into the surrounding Arab Middle

East while there are those Israelis who prefer a Western

orientation.
I suggest that both approaches ought be pursued

tandem.