During my service in Congress, I have consistently advocated for more

resources to expand medical research that promotes better screening

tools for underserved and under-studied populations, and that is more

inclusive of diverse participants in clinical trials.
Congressional

action has helped improve medical research through the NIH, CDC and

DOD's pancreatic cancer research program, supported in part by the

bipartisan appropriations letters I lead each year to increase overall

funding and increasing funding for the Veterans Medical and Prosthetic

Research Program.
I urge all my colleagues to join me in these

appropriations requests and oppose the short-sighted budget cuts some

have proposed.
Imagine what we could accomplish with more robust

investments in medical research in our nation, from making strides to

combatting antimicrobial resistance, to harnessing the power of

personalized medicine to treat disease, and more.
These critical

breakthroughs in medical research are our nation's best hope in finding

cures, prevention measures, and treatments for diseases affecting

millions of Americans.
Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this

resolution to recognize the importance of medical research in America I

urge the House to support this resolution.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS AND AMERICAN SAMOA

CRIMINAL JUSTICE SUPPORT ACT OF 2024

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce legislation that gives

this House an opportunity to provide more funding for policing.
My bill, the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa Criminal

Justice Support Act, does this by allowing the Northern Mariana Islands

and American Samoa to be treated as two separate entities for the

purposes of the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program.
Currently, the Marianas and American Samoa are considered as one entity

for funding, unlike the other U.S. insular areas--Puerto Rico, Guam,

and the United States Virgin Islands--which are treated as individual

jurisdictions, as are all fifty States.
By fixing this inequity in funding for police in the Marianas and

American Samoa, we can ensure our local law enforcement agencies

receive the necessary training and equipment they need to keep our

communities safe.
Making this change will also provide more funding to

support prosecutors and the courts, as well as justice-related

initiatives aimed at crime prevention.
Local law enforcement is increasingly the first line of defense

against the evolving security threats our country faces.
We must do all

we can to recognize the vital role of our police in maintaining public

safety.
The gentlelady from American Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, is an original

cosponsor of the bill.
I urge all my colleagues to consider this

critical and bipartisan legislation for the good of our island

communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONSTITUTION WEEK

HON.
THOMAS MASSIE

Mr. MASSIE.
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States of

America, the guardian of our liberties, embodies the principles of

limited government in a republic dedicated to rule by law.
September 17, 2024, marks the two hundred and thirty-seventh

anniversary of the framing of the Constitution of the United States of

America by the Constitutional Convention.
It is fitting and proper to accord official recognition to this

magnificent document and its memorable anniversary, and to the

patriotic celebrations which will commemorate it.
To honor this year's Constitution Week, I ask my fellow citizens, and

especially my fellow Members of Congress, to reaffirm the ideals the

Framers of the Constitution had in 1787 by vigilantly protecting the

freedoms guaranteed to us through this guardian of our liberties.
I extend my sincerest gratitude to the members of the John Guill-

Polly Hawkins Craig Chapter of the National Society Daughters of the

American Revolution for their steadfast commitment to honoring the

history of our great Nation and for hosting a Constitution Week

celebration for my constituents.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SEPTEMBER AS SEPSIS AWARENESS MONTH

HON.