Title: CELEBRATING ASCOT HILLS CHALLENGE 5K RUN/WALK 10TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
144

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ASCOT HILLS CHALLENGE 5K RUN/WALK 10TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor the Ascot

Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk for their 10 years of organizing a 3.1-mile

trail course in Northeast Los Angeles.
Founded by Troy Carbajal, Marleen Fonseca, and David Sifuentes,

residents of El Sereno in California's 34th Congressional District, the

Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk has donated event proceeds to support

the Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) fire academy magnet school

program as well as the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) student

police cadet program at Woodrow Wilson High School since 2014.
Both the LAFD fire academy magnet school program and the LAPD student

police cadet program offer a rigorous and disciplined curriculum

developed for young men and women expressing an interest in a public

service career.
Additionally, a portion of the proceeds also goes to assist with the

efforts to protect, beautify, and maintain Ascot Hills Park for its

continual community use.
This annual event not only connects residents with valuable resources

and organizations in the community, but also serves to encourage youth

to exercise and participate in public service.
With limited green space in Northeast Los Angeles, we are grateful to

have leaders like Troy, Marleen, and David who ensure that Angelenos

get to experience the green spaces in Los Angeles through events like

the Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this

milestone for the Ascot Hills Challenge 5K Run/Walk, and I look forward

to seeing all that they do in the next 10 years and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MILES KRAJEWSKI

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to

congratulate Miles Krajewski on his remarkable 2024 Paralympic

performance.
Miles and his teammate, Jayci Simon, made Paralympic

history for the United States by becoming the first Americans to medal

in Paralympic Badminton.
Miles and Jayci earned the silver medal for

Mixed Doubles in Paris.
Hailing from Yankton, South Dakota, Miles

represented our state with dedication and skill, serving as an

inspiration to many.
Miles graduated from Yankton High School earlier this year and will

attend the University of South Dakota this fall as a business student.
As an alumnus, I'm confident the University of South Dakota will be a

great place for Miles to continue excelling as a student and athlete.
At 19 years old, Miles has achieved significant success.
Prior to

competing at the 2024 Paralympics, he represented Team USA in Santiago

in 2023.
There, Miles won two gold medals in SH6 Badminton events where

he secured first place in Singles by defeating the defending champion,

and with Jayci Simon they won gold in Mixed Doubles after prevailing in

four matches.
Miles later earned bronze in Men's Doubles and Mixed

Doubles in an impressive run at the 2024 Badminton World Federation

Para-Badminton World Championships.
I am proud to recognize and congratulate Miles for his hard work,

dedication to the sport, and performance throughout his career.
I wish

him continued success in his future endeavors.
I thank Miles for

representing South Dakota well.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING TARYN KLOTH

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to

congratulate Taryn Kloth on her remarkable 2024 Olympic performance,

finishing ninth overall in the Women's Beach Volleyball Olympic

competition.
Taryn, a Sioux Falls native, proudly represented Team USA

with her teammate Kristen Nuss.
It was exciting to see a South Dakotan

represent Team USA in the Paris Olympics.
Our state proudly cheered on

Taryn throughout the matches.