Taryn, a Sioux Falls native, proudly represented Team USA

with her teammate Kristen Nuss.
It was exciting to see a South Dakotan

represent Team USA in the Paris Olympics.
Our state proudly cheered on

Taryn throughout the matches.
Taryn attended O'Gorman Catholic High School in Sioux Falls, South

Dakota where she began her impressive volleyball career.
After helping

start the first indoor volleyball team in South Dakota, Taryn earned

the Gatorade South Dakota Player of the Year award in 2014, a national

championship for her club team, a back-to-back state championship, and

landed a top-20 high school ranking in the country.
After high school, she went to Creighton University as their highest

ranked recruit in school history.
Taryn led the team to four

consecutive Big East titles and four NCAA tournament appearances,

including a school-best Elite 8 appearance in 2016.
Taryn graduated early from Creighton and then attended Louisiana

State University where she helped them to a No.
1 ranking in the 2020

season.
Taryn and Kristen completed the 2021 season going a historic

36-0, earning multiple accolades, including the prestigious American

Volleyball Coaches Association Pair of the Year award.
The two created

a partnership ``TKN'' and became the No.
1 ranked Association of

Volleyball Professionals Beach Volleyball Team and No.
2 ranked team

worldwide.
I am proud to recognize and congratulate Taryn and Kristen for their

hard work, dedication to the sport, and performance throughout their

careers.
I wish them continued success in their future endeavors.
I

thank Taryn for representing South Dakota well.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COMMISSIONER L. JEFFREY GREEN

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that

I rise to recognize Cooper City Commissioner L. Jeffrey Green.
Jeffrey Green began his career with the Federal Bureau of

Investigation in January 1988 and recently celebrated his 36th year

with the Bureau.
Mr. Green currently serves as the Community Relations

Coordinator for the Miami Division and is responsible for expanding the

FBI's presence in local communities through civic and community

engagement.
In addition to his FBI career, Mr. Green is also an elected

Commissioner for Cooper City.
In this capacity, Commissioner Green is

one of five elected officials responsible for governing local municipal

affairs.
This includes providing oversight of the City's $60+ million-

dollar budget, its public safety operations, and all aspects of running

a local government.
Commissioner Green will be ending his term serving the City this

November.
As a devoted public servant for more than 14 years,

Commissioner Green helped transform Cooper City into ``Someplace

Special'' to work, live, and raise a family.
Commissioner Green leads with his heart and has been a calming voice

on the City Commission throughout his tenure.
On behalf of the people

of Florida's 25th District, we are grateful for his leadership and wish

him well.
We appreciate his invaluable work for the residents of Cooper

City.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CONSTITUTION WEEK

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Constitution

Week.
I also rise to recognize the work and dedication that the

Daughters of the American Revolution and the Children of the American

Revolution pour into preserving and promoting the history of our

Nation.
It is a privilege to commemorate the 236th anniversary of the

drafting and adoption of the Constitution of the United States of

America.
Constitution Week serves as a reminder of the enduring

importance of our Constitution and the freedoms it guarantees.
The

Daughters of the American Revolution and the Children of the American

Revolution play an invaluable role in educating future generations

about the principles enshrined by our founding fathers.
Through educational initiatives, historical preservation efforts, and

community outreach, the Daughters of the American Revolution and the

Children of the American Revolution actively engage in preserving our

nation's story.