Purdue University Northwest in Hammond, Indiana, received

the same designation in 2024.
The Hispanic-Serving Institution

designation provides universities with resources for the implementation

of programs, facilities, and services to enhance educational

opportunities for Hispanic Americans.
I believe that this remarkable

program not only empowers the Hispanic community throughout Northwest

Indiana but is truly vital for the prosperity of our country.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join

me in celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month and in honoring the leaders

and members of the Hispanic community who have worked to improve the

quality of life for all Americans for generations to come.
Our Nation's

success is reliant upon the rich heritage and cultural diversity of its

people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF MEDICAL

RESEARCH AND OBSERVING ``MEDICAL RESEARCH WEEK'' FROM SEPTEMBER 16

THROUGH SEPTEMBER 20, 2024

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce a resolution

recognizing ``Medical Research Week'' from September 16 through

September 20, 2024.
This important resolution recognizes the important

breakthroughs of medical research improving health outcomes for

patients and communities, securing global competitiveness in science,

boosting job creation, educating the next generation of scientists, and

strengthening economic growth.
Medical research through the support of the National Institutes of

Health (NIH), continues to serve a vital role advancing health and

medicine.
This research can lead cutting edge preventative strategies

for treatments and additional cures for longstanding medical challenges

such as cancer, Alzheimer's, heart disease, sickle cell, and obesity.
I

have met with Hoosier families that are struggling with these rare

diseases, and I have been moved by the impact that medical research has

on their lives.
These insights have inspired me and my colleagues about

the necessity of medical research to provide more treatment options and

better diagnoses for all Americans.
NIH research funding generates nearly $93 billion in economic

activity and continues to support more than 400,000 jobs across the

United States.
Medical research is not only focused on improving the

health of all Americans, but it is also as an economic driver for

growth and job opportunities.
NIH work ripples far beyond its

headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland, into every state.
It drives demand

for medical supplies and research equipment, boosts local and regional

economics to benefit manufactures and suppliers across the country, and

into many United States territories.
I'm proud to represent Indiana's 7th Congressional District which has

become a healthcare and innovation hub in America.
In my home state of

Indiana the NIH awarded $414 million dollars in grants and contracts

during FY23 that directly supports 5,359 jobs for Hoosiers and over 1.1

billion dollars of economic activity.
In my district alone the NIH has

contributed $264 million dollars in grants to 9 different research

sites in 2023; including Indiana University, Purdue University, Butler

University, Marian University, the Regenstreif Institute, and others.
NIH supported medical research plays a primary role in several

sectors.
The NIH supports noncommercial and clinical research with

private sector innovation, allowing for major achievements in rare

diseases such as ALS, substance use disorders, stroke, and Parkinson's.
During my service in Congress, I have consistently advocated for more

resources to expand medical research that promotes better screening

tools for underserved and under-studied populations, and that is more

inclusive of diverse participants in clinical trials.
Congressional

action has helped improve medical research through the NIH, CDC and

DOD's pancreatic cancer research program, supported in part by the

bipartisan appropriations letters I lead each year to increase overall

funding and increasing funding for the Veterans Medical and Prosthetic

Research Program.
I urge all my colleagues to join me in these

appropriations requests and oppose the short-sighted budget cuts some

have proposed.