Title: CELEBRATING REVEREND DOCTOR CHARLES EDWARD MCCOLLUM; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
141

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING REVEREND DOCTOR CHARLES EDWARD MCCOLLUM

HON.
DONALD G. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

pay tribute to a visionary, dynamic, and God-fearing Pastor who has

served Halifax County, North Carolina, for 50 years.
Since 1973, when he was licensed to preach, Rev. Dr. Charles Edward

McCollum has immersed himself in teaching and preaching the powerful

word of God to countless individuals.
For nearly 50 years, Rev. Dr. McCollum has been the Senior Pastor of

Oak Grove PromiseLand Ministries in Littleton and Piney Grove Baptist

Church in Halifax.
During his pastorate, these churches have grown

spiritually and numerically.
Beyond church leadership, Rev. Dr. McCollum's impact on the greater

community has been significant.
He served as Executive Director of the

Halifax County Black Caucus.
Under his guidance, the Caucus achieved

substantial milestones in education and civic engagement.
In addition, his dedication to education has been exemplary,

evidenced by his unselfish service on the Halifax County Board of

Education, 2 earned doctorate degrees, and the establishment in 1991 of

Eastern Carolina Christian College in Roanoke Rapids, NC.
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Rev. Dr. McCollum's decades of service in

adult corrections.
He made a lasting difference as an educator in the

Virginia Department of Corrections, helping inmates improve their

literacy skills and prepare for re-entry into society.
While serving as

a transition specialist for the Department, he wrote many project plans

that are now part of the correctional program, notably the Straight

Project.
In 1984, Rev. Dr. McCollum's advocacy led to changes in employment

practices at courthouse offices in Halifax County, where the offices

employed a more diverse workforce.
That same year, he and 18 other

plaintiffs prevailed in a lawsuit that changed the method of electing

county commissioners from an at-large voting system to a district

system, thus enabling African Americans to elect commissioners of their

choice.
In 2016, Rev. Dr. McCollum led the effort to get the supplemental tax

on the ballot in Halifax County, which later passed, and the revenue

reinvested into the community.
The additional funding from it bridged

the gap between state funding and what was needed for the Halifax

County Schools to operate efficiently.
Some outcomes included hiring

teachers and support staff and purchasing new curriculum materials,

activity buses, athletic uniforms and supplies, playground equipment,

and technology upgrades.
His advocacy also led to the recognition of

Sarah Keys Evans as a civil rights trailblazer and the creation of the

Sarah Keys Evans Plaza in Roanoke Rapids, NC.
Rev. Dr. McCollum has aired a weekly radio show called Real Talk on

WMCY in Roanoke Rapids.
The show exposed police brutality, the drug

epidemic, environmental justice, and the existence of coal ash in

Halifax County.
Rev. Dr. Charles Edward McCollum's life has been 1 of selflessness,

leadership, and profound impact.
I join the chorus of others in

celebrating him for his outstanding contributions to the citizens of

Halifax County, the First Congressional District of North Carolina, and

the Nation.
I eagerly anticipate his continued positive influence in

the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING GARDEN CITY'S ROSIE THE RIVETER ROSE GARDEN

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to celebrate the legacy of our

nation's Rosie the Riveters in recognition of the dedication of the

Rosie the Riveter Rose Garden in Garden City.
During World War II countless women from across the nation and right

here in Southeast Michigan took over jobs that had been previously

performed by men.
Three hundred thousand Rosie the Riveters held our

country down during extremely trying times and became icons of women's

empowerment and strength.