Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th

birthday of Leona Yost, an incredible mother, grandmother, great-

grandmother, and Wisconsinite from Oconto.
Leona Yost was born on July 28, 1923.
She was the daughter of Herbert

and Mary Whiting, and she grew up on their family farm.
Leona graduated

from Lena High School in the year 1941 and after her graduation, she

worked at the egg factory in Oconto and later the Grant Store in Green

Bay.
In 1943, Leona married George Yost and they proceeded to work

together on the George's family farm in Lena.
Leona and George welcomed

five beautiful children who went on to bless them with seven

grandchildren, and 17 great grandchildren.
Leona is noted for having an

amazing memory and a deep interest in coin collecting and coin

history--she loves to share these passions with her grandchildren and

great grandchildren.
Potentially of most importance, she is known

throughout Oconto for her delicious potato salad.
Leona has always been an active member of the community.
She was an

Oconto County 4-H leader for 37 years working for the Meadow Brook 4-H

club.
She also worked for several years for the town of Stiles as an

election poll worker.
Leona is a truly selfless woman who has worked

hard her entire life to give back to others.
She has lived an

incredible life and has now reached a very rare milestone.
I would like to ask all my colleagues to join me in wishing Leona

Yost happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REVEREND BOANERGES GOMEZ 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent, from my district, Rev. B. Gomez.
We are

celebrating 100 years of his life.
As a dedicated citizen and voter, of

this wonderful country, as he publicly states, Rev. Gomez brings to us

an extraordinary plethora of history that he has encountered.
Rev.

Gomez was born in Puerto Rico on September 3, 1923.
He attended the University of Puerto Rico and after his graduation

made a decision to dedicate his life to ministry and furthered his

education at the Seminary of Puerto Rico.
Once graduated he moved to

New York City and married his wife, Efigenia Gomez in New York City on

August 1, 1954.
While his wife continued raising two daughters and

furthering her education to achieve her Degree in Education, Rev. Gomez

became pastor of The First Reformed Parish in New York City, later was

transferred to Chicago and finally settled into a parish in

Philadelphia.
At this parish, Rev. Gomez along with his wife began a

Senior Center, Lady Steppers Marching for Parades, an after school

program, and with the

assistance of volunteer dentists, a dental facility for the community

was added onto the parish.
He takes pride in his three grandchildren: Thomas, Ronald & Daniela.
After retirement and the passing of his wife, he moved to Bucks

County in Fairless Hills, PA.
Rev. Gomez has truly achieved much in his

100 years of life, and we are appreciative for the dedication he has

given throughout his years to the many lives he has touched with his

ministry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF SHIELA D. CORLEY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shiela D. Corley

for receiving a 2023 University of Kentucky Alumni Association

Distinguished Service Award.
This prestigious award is presented to

those who have provided extraordinary leadership, dedication, and have

a history of diligently serving the UK alumni and community.
Shiela grew up on a farm in the small town of Greenville, Kentucky.
She followed her dream of attending the University of Kentucky, where

she received both her bachelor's and master's degrees.