This prestigious award is presented to

those who have provided extraordinary leadership, dedication, and have

a history of diligently serving the UK alumni and community.
Shiela grew up on a farm in the small town of Greenville, Kentucky.
She followed her dream of attending the University of Kentucky, where

she received both her bachelor's and master's degrees.
After graduate

school, Shiela began her career with the U.S. Department of Agriculture

as a dedicated public servant with the National Agricultural Statistics

Service and later the Food and Nutrition Service.
I am pleased that she

is currently serving on a detail assignment from USDA to the House

Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, of which I chair.
While living in Washington, D.C., Shiela has been an active member of

the University of Kentucky's Nation's Capital Alumni Club, serving as

vice president from 2004 through 2009.
She currently serves on UK's

Alumni Leadership Advisory Council and is active in the Washington,

D.C. community as a member of the Junior League and other non-profits,

including the Kentucky Society of Washington.
In 2017, Shiela and her family established the Corley Family

Endowment in memory of her sister Shannon, who was also a UK alum and

avid Wildcat fan alongside Shiela.
The endowment provides support to a

member of their hometown community to attend the University of

Kentucky.
To date, they have awarded five scholarships, with the first

recipient graduating this past May.
Through this endowment, Shiela and

her family help others realize their dream of attending the University

Wildcat spirit of Shannon.
It is my distinct honor to recognize Shiela D. Corley for her

outstanding servant leadership to the University of Kentucky, USDA, and

as part of the House Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee team.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE KIWANIS CLUB OF BROWNWOOD, TEXAS ON ITS 100TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
AUGUST PFLUGER

Mr. PFLUGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Brownwood,

Texas Kiwanis Club's continued service to children in their community

for 100 years.
The Brownwood Charter has helped thousands of children in their

community and across the globe, dedicating countless resources to

improving children's health, education, and development.
Their servant

leadership has helped impact children's lives from infancy to early

adulthood.
They have assisted needy children through scholarships, blood drives,

leadership opportunities, and more.
For 100 years, their selflessness

and guidance have been inspiring, and their mission will continue to

provide children and the Brownwood community the help and opportunities

they deserve to have a shining future.
I thank the Brownwood Charter for their selfless service and

dedication to improving their community for 100 years.
Their work is

emblematic of the values that make our Nation the greatest country in

the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BERT HUNTER LANE

HON.
C. SCOTT FRANKLIN

Mr. C. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize

the life and service of World War I veteran and hero, Boy First Class,

Bert Hunter Lane.
Bert Hunter Lane was born July 29, 1895, in Madison, Suwannee County,

Florida, before relocating with his family to Lakeland, Florida in

1909.
Lane attended Lakeland High School, where he made honor roll and

played in the band.
As a young adult, Lane was a driver for the Standard Oil Company and

Gulf Refining Company and attended First Baptist Church of Lakeland.
After World War I broke out in 1914, Lane moved to Tampa, FL to join

the U.S. Coast Guard on April 8, 1917 at 21 years old.
He was given the

rank Boy First Class and placed under the command of Captain Charles

Satterlee on the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Tampa, one of six assigned to

convoy duty in Europe.
The Tampa, armed with three-inch guns, had successfully escorted

eighteen convoys and earned a special commendation for exemplary

service.