On the morning of August 20th, at just 4 years old, Rico found

himself in a critical situation that would test the limits of his

courage and maturity.
At approximately 6:15 a.m., a structure fire

began at 4988 Bluff City Hwy.
When emergency responders arrived at the

scene, they found residents of the apartment building outside,

clutching their possessions, with smoke rising from the building.
Upon further investigation, it was discovered that it was Rico Briggs

who, upon seeing smoke in his own room, promptly alerted his mother,

Ms. Moriah Briggs.
Despite the overwhelming fear and chaos such a

situation would induce, Rico's swift actions ensured that his mother

could notify all the tenants in the building's other apartments,

allowing them to safely evacuate.
Their escape was particularly crucial

given the failure of the building's smoke alarm.
It is no exaggeration to state that the actions of Rico Briggs were

lifesaving.
Without his immediate response, the outcome could have been

gravely different.
Such valor and presence of mind in a child so young

are truly exceptional and worthy of the highest commendation.
Moreover, in acknowledgment of Rico's heroic act, the Town of Bluff

City has proclaimed August 26th as ``Rico Briggs Day,'' as a testament

to the profound impact of his actions on our community.
On this day,

every year, we will be reminded not only of the bravery exhibited by

this young boy, but also of the importance of looking out for one

another and the strength that lies in community bonds.
It is sincerely

my hope that as we celebrate Rico Briggs Day annually, it will inspire

others, young and old alike, to act with the same courage and

selflessness in times of crisis.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the courage of Rico

Briggs.
His actions are a testament to the spirit of our community in

Tennessee and the values instilled in our youth.
Today, we celebrate

Rico, and may we all be inspired by his courage and the profound impact

1 individual can make, regardless of age.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BATTALION CHIEF TERRYSON JACKSON

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

service of a local hero, Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue Battalion Chief

Terryson Jackson, who sadly passed away on August 28, 2023, in the line

of duty.
Battalion Chief Jackson proudly served the people of Broward County

for 19 years.
He began his fire rescue career in March 2004 in

Deerfield Beach and joined the Broward Sheriffs Office (BSO) in October

2011.
Chief Jackson joined the Air Rescue 85 team as a flight

medic in July 2013, and on February 24, 2016, he was promoted to

Captain.
Broward County has acted to posthumously promote Chief Jackson

from the rank of Captain to the rank of Battalion Chief.
As a flight paramedic, he impacted the community daily, providing

critical patients with the highest prehospital care.
He consistently

showed an unmatched passion for the job.
He always provided expert

care, compassion, and reassurance to those during their most

significant time of need.
He is survived by his parents, son, daughter,

and siblings.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering the life and service of

Chief Terryson Jackson.
May his memory bless his family, friends, and

the Broward County community to whom he dedicated his life in service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LEONA YOST

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th

birthday of Leona Yost, an incredible mother, grandmother, great-

grandmother, and Wisconsinite from Oconto.
Leona Yost was born on July 28, 1923.
She was the daughter of Herbert

and Mary Whiting, and she grew up on their family farm.