On June 1, 2011, Jeffrey M. O'Dell was appointed deputy chief of

police by Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer.
He served as the Patrol Services

Bureau commander and High-Risk Incident commander until his retirement

in January 2013.
Chief O'Dell also served as the Emergency Response Team commander for

3 years and on the Orlando Police Department SWAT Team for more than 18

years, holding every position from entry team member to team commander.
Jeff O'Dell was hired by the Kissimmee Police Department on January

2, 2013, and was appointed chief of police on August 10, 2016.
Chief O'Dell is an active member of the International Association of

Chiefs of Police, the Florida Police Chief Association, the Central

Florida Criminal Justice Association, and the Florida SWAT Association.
He also serves on the boards for the Osceola Boys and Girls Club, the

Osceola Technical College Criminal Justice Academy, the Park Place

Behavioral Healthcare, and Help Now of Osceola.
Chief Jeff O'Dell has been married for 38 years to Kimberly L.

O'Dell, president of O'Dell Group Management in Winter Garden, Florida.
They have 2 children, Brittney and Tanner.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SCOTT MacLEOD

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Scott

MacLeod upon his retirement as an English and Journalism teacher from

San Marin High School.
Scott dedicated more than 2 decades to educating

and mentoring students.
Earning his bachelor's degree in philosophy from Harvard, Scott

MacLeod spent 20 years working in marketing and advertising, including

as Senior Vice President at J. Walter Thompson and DDB Worldwide.
After

a cancer diagnosis and recovery, Scott shifted career paths and entered

public service, where he discovered his passion for education.
He

worked with at-risk youth in the Tenderloin neighborhood of San

Francisco, California before becoming the Director of Development for

Breakthrough Collaborative, a National nonprofit

supporting low-income students on the path to college.
Motivated by the

transformative work he witnessed through this nonprofit work, Scott

enrolled in night school at the University of San Francisco to earn his

master's degree and teaching credential.
Over the past 17 years, Scott has taught Advanced Placement and

Honors English courses and built an award-winning journalism program at

San Marin High School in Novato, California.
Drawing from his

background in philosophy, Scott developed a philosophical inquiry

approach to writing and critical thinking.
He also coached the National

High School Ethics Bowl team, created the school's first sophomore

speech competition, and received a plethora of accolades, including

most recently, the 2023 Teacher of the Year Award.
Scott is beloved by

his students, who, years after graduation, still recount how impactful

his guidance and unwavering faith were to their education journey.
Outside the classroom, Scott is an active snowboarder and mountain

biker, and he plays guitar and bass for his rock band, The Role Models.
He is married to Linda Kislingbury, a Drama teacher at San Marin High

School.
Scott MacLeod exemplifies what it means to be a public servant.
Mr.

Speaker, I respectfully ask that you join me in expressing gratitude to

Scott for his enduring commitment to teaching, and extending heartfelt

congratulations on his retirement and best wishes for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE HEROIC ACTIONS OF RICO BRIGGS

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and recognize

the extraordinary bravery and quick thinking of a precious young man,

Mr. Rico Briggs of Bluff City, Tennessee.
On the morning of August 20th, at just 4 years old, Rico found

himself in a critical situation that would test the limits of his

courage and maturity.
At approximately 6:15 a.m., a structure fire

began at 4988 Bluff City Hwy.
When emergency responders arrived at the

scene, they found residents of the apartment building outside,

clutching their possessions, with smoke rising from the building.