After World War I broke out in 1914, Lane moved to Tampa, FL to join

the U.S. Coast Guard on April 8, 1917 at 21 years old.
He was given the

rank Boy First Class and placed under the command of Captain Charles

Satterlee on the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Tampa, one of six assigned to

convoy duty in Europe.
The Tampa, armed with three-inch guns, had successfully escorted

eighteen convoys and earned a special commendation for exemplary

service.
On September 26, 1918, soon after her 19th convoy, Tampa was

torpedoed by the German submarine UB-91.
In just three minutes, Tampa

sunk, claiming the lives of 130 in the single largest loss of life for

the Coast Guard during World War I.

In 1928, the United States Coast Guard Memorial was dedicated at

Arlington National Cemetery, memorializing the 111 coast guardsmen lost

that day.
The Purple Heart was not yet authorized, but in 1999

Commandant Admiral James Loy awarded the Coast Guardsmen posthumously

for their brave actions.
One hundred five years after Tampa was lost, and 24 years after the

first Purple Heart was awarded to one of her crew, no relatives have

been located to receive the honor on Lane's behalf.
Today, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Bert--his heroism, his service and

most importantly his sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF RANDY COATES, SR.
HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

the late Randy Coates, Sr.
and his accomplishments as a public servant.
A graduate of East High School in the early 1970s, he enjoyed

tremendous success with the football and track & field teams.
Upon

graduation, Randy joined the United States Army in 1975 and was

stationed at Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
Randy discovered his passion for coaching basketball upon returning

to Buffalo.
He started coaching in the Randy Smith Summer Basketball

League, coaching a team in both the men's and women's divisions.
He

took pride in his teams, and strived to not only teach basketball, but

life lessons, as well.
He left youth basketball to become the head

women's basketball coach at Daemen College, and later an assistant

coach at Hilbert College.
After a successful college coaching career, Randy focused back on

developing and mentoring children in the community.
In 1990, Randy

began his career at the Boys & Girls Clubs Bailey-Doat.
At the Boys &

Girls Club, Randy formed great relationships with local youth and

created a basketball team that won several Randy Smith Summer

Basketball League Championships.
Following years of success, Mr. Coates

went to work at the Masten Boys and Girls Club, where he would

eventually become director.
There, Randy continued to coach basketball,

but also introduced both in house football leagues and video games,

which he would often bring from home for the children to play.
Randy encouraged these young men and women to achieve and sustain

success.
He would often note that the work they put into their craft is

what they are going to get out of it.
On this, the official Randy

Coates Sr.
Day in the City of Buffalo, I am delighted to honor his

memory.
His legacy is celebrated by his wife, Ronnell, his children,

grandchildren, and countless grateful community members who have been

inspired by Randy's unwavering dedication to the betterment of Buffalo.