Mr. Speaker, today I want to celebrate the legacy of our

nation's Rosie the Riveters in recognition of the dedication of the

Rosie the Riveter Rose Garden in Garden City.
During World War II countless women from across the nation and right

here in Southeast Michigan took over jobs that had been previously

performed by men.
Three hundred thousand Rosie the Riveters held our

country down during extremely trying times and became icons of women's

empowerment and strength.
This Labor Day, I am proud to recognize these

women who blazed the trail for women in the workforce and for their

contributions to the labor movement and our history.
As we gather to ring a bell for Rosie, please join me and the people

of Garden City in Michigan's 12th District Strong as we honor their

legacy with the dedication of the Rosie the Riveter Rose Garden.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CURRICULUM VITAE FOR RICHARD T. FREISTAK

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Mr. Richard T.

Freistak on the amazing occasion of his 100th Birthday on September 6,

2023.
Mr. Freistak graduated from Middletown High School in 1942, and

enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1943.
While selflessly serving our Nation

from 1943 through 1946, he was deployed to the South Pacific theater in

World War II.
After his discharge from the Navy, Mr. Freistak studied architecture

at the Pennsylvania State University, graduating in 1951 with an

Engineering Curriculum Architecture degree.
While at Penn State, Mr.

Freistak was a member of the Theta Kappa Phi fraternity, as well as the

Nittany Lion Club that focused on providing scholarship and support to

Penn State student athletes.
Throughout his life, he attended Penn

State football games as often as possible.
Mr. Freistak's family owned and operated the iconic West Shore

Theatre and Drive-in Theatre, the venture he also worked at and

supported.
Most importantly, he stayed close with his Mother, who

blessed her family with her presence for 103 years.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 10th Congressional District of

Pennsylvania, I'm privileged and humbled to honor and commemorate Mr.

Richard T. Freistak on the blessed occasion of his 100th Birthday, as

well as his tireless service to our Nation and communities.
As a true

member of ``The Greatest Generation,'' he has set the standard by which

we all should be judged.
I wish him great health, prosperity, love, and

Godspeed in his future adventures.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF JEFFREY M. O'DELL

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Chief Jeffrey M. O'Dell was born in

Jacksonville, North Carolina, and is a second-generation police

officer.
He served with the Orlando Police Department for 27 years

before retiring in 2013.
His father retired in 1989 after 25 years of

service with the City of Orlando.
Chief O'Dell received his Bachelor of

Arts in Criminal Justice Administration from Columbia College.
He also

completed the University of Louisville Southern Police Institute

Command Officers Development Course.
Chief O'Dell graduated from the Police Academy in February 1986.
He

worked in various assignments throughout his 27-year career in Orlando,

including Patrol, the Neighborhood Patrol Unit, the Undercover and

Uniform Drug Enforcement Units, the Intelligence Unit, the Bike Patrol

Unit, the Field Training and Recruiting Unit, Violent Crimes

Investigations, and as commander of the Criminal Investigations,

Special Operations, Airport, and Crime Prevention divisions.
On June 1, 2011, Jeffrey M. O'Dell was appointed deputy chief of

police by Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer.
He served as the Patrol Services

Bureau commander and High-Risk Incident commander until his retirement

in January 2013.
Chief O'Dell also served as the Emergency Response Team commander for

3 years and on the Orlando Police Department SWAT Team for more than 18

years, holding every position from entry team member to team commander.