JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the U.S.

Helsinki Commission, last week I was grateful to serve as part of the

leadership of the U.S. delegation to the 30th Annual Session of the

Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's Parliamentary

Assembly in Vancouver, Canada.
There, I was joined by several of my

Helsinki Commission colleagues, including Co-Chairman Sen. Ben Cardin

and Ranking Members Rep. Steve Cohen and Sen. Roger Wicker.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's

Parliamentary Assembly (OSCE PA) is a forum that gathers hundreds of

parliamentarians from 56 participating States of the OSCE several times

a year to discuss the most pressing issues facing the transatlantic

community.
The Annual Session is the centerpiece of the Assembly's work

and is the one time a year when parliamentarians meet to debate, amend,

and adopt resolutions on a range of topics as well as elect the

Assembly's leadership.
Participating in the OSCE PA is an opportunity to demonstrate the

American leadership on the world stage.
Over the course of this Annual

Session, we shared our diverse views, but our overwhelming message was

about the unified, bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress for Ukraine

in its fight to defend its democracy and sovereignty against flagrant

Russian aggression.
Our friends in Canada and Europe deeply appreciated

this reassurance of America's resolve.
The U.S. delegation participated in bilateral meetings with

parliamentary delegations from Ukraine, Canada, and Germany, as well as

a visiting delegation of legislators from the Western Hemisphere.
My

colleagues and I introduced amendments and resolutions encouraging our

friends and allies to adopt specific policies that reflect our work in

the U.S. Congress.
Among these were texts based on the Ukraine Victory

Resolution and the Holding Accountable Russian Mercenaries Act, both

which I have sponsored in the House.
Furthermore, I introduced a

resolution with Congressman Chris Smith on addressing the phenomena of

abuse, exploitation, and human trafficking of Ukrainian women and

children stemming from Russia's war.
The AssembJy overwhelmingly

adopted all these U.S.-led initiatives.
Looking forward, I would like to congratulate those in the recent

OSCE PA elections who will be assuming leadership duties for the coming

year, while also thanking those who have ended their mandates.
First, I

want to applaud the election of Mrs. Pia Kauma of Finland as President

of the Assembly.
Mrs. Kauma has a long history of important

contributions and strong relationships within the Assembly that will

serve her well in this critical role.
Additionally, I believe it is

fitting that the PA should be led someone from NATO's newest allied

nation, galvanized by aggression to assume greater responsibility for

European security.
I also congratulate the Assembly's three newly

elected Vice Presidents: Mrs. Daniela De Ridder of Germany, Mr. Mykyta

Poturaiev of Ukraine, and Mr. Kyriakos Hadjiyianni of Cyprus.
I am

especially delighted by the selection of Mr. Poturaiev whose voice has

become the conscience of the Assembly since the outbreak of Russia's

full-scale invasion of his country last year.
It is important to have

greater Ukrainian representation in the Assembly's upper ranks.
I also extend my congratulations to the newly elected Treasurer,

Mr.Johan Buser of Sweden, and officers of the three general committees:

First Committee Chair, Mr. Richard Hudson of the United States, First

Committee Vice-Chair Mr. Costel Neculai Dunava of Romania, First

Committee Rapporteur Mr. Laurynas Kasciunas of Lithuania, Second

Committee Chair Mr. Azay Guliyev of Azerbaijan, Second Committee Vice-

Chair Mr. Artur Gerasymov of Ukraine, Second Committee Rapporteur Mrs.

Gudrun Kugler of Austria, Third Committee Chair Mrs. Lucie Potuckova of

the Czech Republic, Third Committee Vice-Chair Mr. Sargis Khandanyan of

Armenia, and Third Committee Rapporteur Mr. Malik Ben Achour of

Belgium.
Finally, I thank outgoing President Margareta Cederfelt of

Sweden for her two years of tireless service to the Assembly, which

involved capably leading the organization through the twin crises of

COVID-19 and Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.