Passengers gain

access to remote regions and areas off the road system and to the

state's public land treasures including the Chugach National Forest and

Denali National Park, which are visited by hundreds of thousands of

people annually.
During the last 100 years, ARRC has proudly nurtured

and promoted a relationship with the Alaska Native community.
The ARRC

team includes Native members throughout its history; from laborers

during initial railroad construction between 1914 and 1923, to track

maintenance during World War II, through to top leadership guiding

corporate policy on the ARRC Board of Directors after state ownership.
The Executive Team is comprised of President and CEO William G.

O'Leary, CFO Michelle Maddox, COO Clark Hopp, Chief Counsel Andy

Behrend, Vice President of Real Estate & Facilities James W. Kubitz,

Vice President of Marketing and Customer Service Dale Wade, Vice

President Chief Engineer Brian Lindamood, and Chief HR Officer Jennifer

Mergens.
The Board of Directors are Ryan Anderson, Commissioner, Alaska

Department of Transportation and Public Facilities; John Binkley,

Chairman, Godspeed, Incorporated; T.J. Dinsmore, Conductor/Engineer,

ARRC; ARRC Board Vice Chair: Judy Petry, President & General Manager,

Farmrail System; John Reeves, Owner, Fairbanks Gold Co., LLC; Julie

Sande, Commissioner, Alaska Department of Commerce, Community &

Economic Development; ARRC Board Chair: John Shively, Chair, Pebble

Mines Corporation.
Throughout the Railroad's storied history, the corporation's team, as

much as the iron and steel of the locomotives, has served as the

foundational infrastructure driving economic development in my great

state of Alaska.
By carrying freight and passengers across wide

expanses of wild plains, rivers, and mountains, and by harnessing human

ingenuity and creativity, the Railroad has played an irreplaceable role

in turning Alaska into a destination for tourists and new residents

alike.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING HEROES' ALLIANCE SOLAR CAR TEAM

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the achievement the

historic accomplishment of the Heroes' Alliance Vehicle Technology

Team, a group of high school students from our district that won the

2022 national Solar Car Challenge within their division.
Heroes' Alliance was founded in 2009 by the late Pastor Reginald M.

Lane, who established the organization in response to the educational

and residential climates existing in the city of Detroit at that time.
The Heroes' Alliance is a Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and

Math (STEAM) program that challenges students to develop innovative

technology focusing on renewable energy and automotive engineering.
Today the project serves as a capstone for students who participate in

the Heroes' Alliance Cooperative Learning Center, which utilizes

vehicle technology for the basis of bringing together education,

innovation, and industry as students work together to design and

engineer a solar vehicle.
This summer, their journey will culminate in the Solar Car Challenge,

a cross-country race from Fort Worth, Texas to Palmdale, California.
The students will face rigorous tests and evaluations to demonstrate

the capabilities of their solar-powered vehicle.
I am so proud of this

hard-working and talented group of young people from various schools in

Metro Detroit and want to congratulate them on their achievements.
Please join me in recognizing Michigan's Heroes' Alliance Vehicle

Technology Team, as we cheer them on to victory.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT PIA KAUMA

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the U.S.

Helsinki Commission, last week I was grateful to serve as part of the

leadership of the U.S. delegation to the 30th Annual Session of the

Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's Parliamentary

Assembly in Vancouver, Canada.
There, I was joined by several of my

Helsinki Commission colleagues, including Co-Chairman Sen. Ben Cardin

and Ranking Members Rep. Steve Cohen and Sen. Roger Wicker.