Dr. Mund earned her Doctor of Nursing Practice, Master of Science,

and Bachelor of Science in Nursing degrees from the University of

Minnesota-Twin Cities.
She completed her nurse anesthesia training at

the Minneapolis Veteran's Affairs Medical Center School of Nurse

Anesthesia.
During her AANA presidency, Dr. Mund has been a prominent advocate

for the patients and practice of nurse anesthesia before federal

agencies and members of Congress.
She has worked tirelessly to promote

anesthesia patient safety and the value of CRNAs to our healthcare

system, especially at a time when that healthcare system has been hit

hard by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dr. Mund has advocated to eliminate

burdensome regulations for CRNAs, to have CRNAs recognized as full

practice providers in the Veterans Health Administration, and to

address underlying causes of surprise billing such as provider

discrimination.
I extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Mund today on a job well

done.
Her service to AANA and to her patients, and her commitment to

safe, quality anesthesia care nationwide, are highly commendable.
I ask

my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Mund's notable career and

outstanding achievements.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRUCE ROBERT VAUGHN

HON.
RICK LARSEN

Mr. LARSEN of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember and

honor Bruce Robert Vaughn, Specialist in Asian Affairs at the

Congressional Research Service.
Bruce passed away suddenly on Friday,

March 17, at the height of a distinguished career serving Congress.
Bruce served Congress in several roles, including in the Senate

Treaty Review Support Office and on the staff of the Senate Select

Committee on Secret Military Assistance to Iran and the Nicaraguan

Opposition.
Beginning in 2003, he served for 20 years as an Analyst and

then Specialist in Asian Affairs at the Congressional Research Service,

bringing his considerable expertise in the Indo-Pacific region to bear

on vital national security issues important for Congress.
Bruce was a

passionate and dedicated public servant who believed deeply in CRS's

mission to provide Congress with authoritative, non-partisan and

intelligent analysis.
Bruce brought deep historical understanding of the region.
He advised

Congress on the

most important issues of the day, but never stopped thinking ahead.
From early in his career, Bruce anticipated the importance of the

Indian Ocean region and Oceania to U.S. interests in the Indo-Pacific.
Given the importance of the region to my constituents, Bruce was a

valuable resource to me and my legislative staff in preparing for

official travel, welcoming high-level delegations from the region and

organizing briefings.
Even after Bruce's passing, staff and Members

will continue to rely on his written analysis and expertise.
I offer my sincere condolences to Bruce's family, friends and

colleagues at the Congressional Research Service, and hope they may

take comfort in the knowledge of his indelible and ongoing contribution

to the work of Congress.
Congress has lost a distinguished public

servant.
I thank Bruce and honor his life and his work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAWN HELMS STEGALL

HON.
DAN BISHOP

Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to

congratulate Union County Public Schools teacher, Dawn Helms Stegall,

on her retirement after 48 years of serving Union County's students and

families.
Dawn graduated from Piedmont High School in the class of 1972

before attending both Wingate University for a degree in history, and

Meredith College for a degree in social studies and secondary

education.
In 1975, Dawn started her teaching career at UCPS at Sun Valley,

where she taught history for 10 years.
She accepted a job at her alma

mater, Piedmont High School, where she taught history for the next 38

years.
She was named UCPS Teacher of the Year for the 1989-1990

academic year and was later named the Region IV Teacher of the Year.
Year after year, Dawn's students register among the highest scores for

AP U.S. History.