In 1986, she transitioned

to full-time teaching.
During her time at Germanna, Dr. Lisk has been

credited with revolutionizing the school's nursing program and building

a statewide on line nursing program.
Her work writing the original

grant for the purchase of human patient simulators brought cutting-edge

technology to the school and kickstarted Germanna's Virtual Hospital.
In 2013, after the passing of Dean Mary Gilkey, Dr. Lisk rose to the

occasion after her emergency appointment to Dean of Nursing and Health

Technologies, and in that role has helped further expand the mission of

Germanna's nursing program.
Dr. Lisk has also served as a fierce advocate for the promise and

potential that lies within America's community colleges.
She has seized

the opportunity to help students, many identifying as firstgeneration

students, navigate the college process and become successful nurses.
Her personal investment in supporting students through every step of

their journey is admirable and has had a profound impact on the quality

of nurses graduating from Germanna.
As seen by her numerous professional awards and accolades, Dr. Lisk

has had an exceptional career.
She has positively impacted the lives of

thousands of nurses, creating a ripple effect to be felt for

generations to come.
Mr. Speaker, as the U.S. Representative for Virginia's Seventh

District, I am proud to represent dedicated individuals like Dr. Patti

Lisk.
I would like to congratulate her on an exceptional career and

wish her the best on a well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, I was absent for votes so that I could

attend the funeral of the late Congressman Tom Sawyer of Ohio.
Had I

been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No.
292, NAY on Roll

Call No.
293, and NAY on Roll Call No.
294.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COLONEL MATTHEW LUZZATTO

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Colonel Matthew

W. Luzzatto on his retirement from the United States Army after more

than 25 years of service.
COL Luzzatto has exemplified honor,

integrity, and professionalism throughout his career and his service is

truly deserving of this body's recognition.
Throughout his decorated career, COL Luzzatto has held various

command and officer positions, including Assistant Secretary of the

Army for Civil Works, Commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,

Charleston District, and Chief of the Host National Funded Construction

for U.S. Forces Japan, Yokota Air Base, and has served the country in

deployments to Kosovo and Kirkuk, among others.
His experience,

knowledge, and initiative have distinguished COL Luzzatto as an

outstanding leader who has upheld the core values and mission of the

U.S. Army and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
As Commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, New York District,

COL Luzzatto has been a valuable partner to my office and the

community.
Together, we have worked on projects to reduce storm and

coastal flood risks to protect residents, properties, and

infrastructure.
He has overseen vital beach replenishment, dredging,

and flood control projects, working in coordination with federal,

state, and local entities.
It has been an honor to work with COL

Luzzatto to protect our communities, and I thank him for his

leadership.
Mr. Speaker, once again, it is my sincere honor to pay tribute to

Colonel Matthew Luzzatto for his years of service to the United States

Army.
I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in thanking COL

Luzzatto for his honorable service to our great nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARI TISERA

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that I rise to

honor the life and service of my former intern, Mari Tisera, who passed

away on June 6, 2023, at the age of 20.