It is important to have

greater Ukrainian representation in the Assembly's upper ranks.
I also extend my congratulations to the newly elected Treasurer,

Mr.Johan Buser of Sweden, and officers of the three general committees:

First Committee Chair, Mr. Richard Hudson of the United States, First

Committee Vice-Chair Mr. Costel Neculai Dunava of Romania, First

Committee Rapporteur Mr. Laurynas Kasciunas of Lithuania, Second

Committee Chair Mr. Azay Guliyev of Azerbaijan, Second Committee Vice-

Chair Mr. Artur Gerasymov of Ukraine, Second Committee Rapporteur Mrs.

Gudrun Kugler of Austria, Third Committee Chair Mrs. Lucie Potuckova of

the Czech Republic, Third Committee Vice-Chair Mr. Sargis Khandanyan of

Armenia, and Third Committee Rapporteur Mr. Malik Ben Achour of

Belgium.
Finally, I thank outgoing President Margareta Cederfelt of

Sweden for her two years of tireless service to the Assembly, which

involved capably leading the organization through the twin crises of

COVID-19 and Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
This team of elected officers that span the European continent and

the political spectrum are assuming office at a critical time for

transatlantic and global security.
I look forward to cooperating with

them closely in the coming year, particularly as I assume the

responsibility of Head of Delegation for the United States in 2024.
I want to express my deep appreciation to our Canadian hosts at the

Annual Session in Vancouver, British Columbia, especially Dr. Hedy Fry,

Head of the Canadian Delegation, who demonstrated tremendous

hospitality and outstanding organization in orchestrating this large

and complex event.
The natural beauty, personal warmth, and cultural

diversity we experienced in Vancouver made for an ideal setting for our

meeting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANGELA MUND

HON.
NANCY MACE

Ms. MACE.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Angela Mund, DNP, CRNA.
Dr. Mund will soon complete her year as national president of the

American Association of Nurse Anesthesiology (AANA).
I am proud that

Dr. Mund was elected as the 2022-2023 president of this prestigious

healthcare organization.
Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice

registered nurses who administer more than 50 million anesthetics to

patients each year.
They work in every setting in which anesthesia is

delivered including hospital surgical suites, obstetrical delivery

rooms, ambulatory surgical centers, and the offices of dentists,

podiatrists, and specialty surgeons.
They also provide acute and

chronic pain management services to patients in need of such care.
CRNAs provide anesthesia for all types of surgical cases and are the

sole anesthesia providers in many rural hospitals.
CRNAs have full practice authority in the Army, Navy, and Air Force

and are the predominant provider of anesthesia on forward surgical

teams and in combat support hospitals.
As a member of the AANA for 27 years, Dr. Mund has contributed

greatly to the healthcare community in the Mount Pleasant area and

nationwide.
Dr. Mund's career spans 19 years with roles at the

University of Minnesota as well as the Medical University of South

Carolina.
Providing the diverse and interrelated perspectives of a

leader, educator, advocate, and clinician, she has testified before

state legislative bodies as well as the U.S. House of Representatives

on the important role CRNAs play in providing safe, quality anesthesia

care.
Honorably discharged as captain from the U.S. Army Reserve Nurse

Corps, Dr. Mund was previously the executive director of the

Association of Veterans Affairs Nurse Anesthetists as well as its

president.
Dr. Mund earned her Doctor of Nursing Practice, Master of Science,

and Bachelor of Science in Nursing degrees from the University of

Minnesota-Twin Cities.
She completed her nurse anesthesia training at

the Minneapolis Veteran's Affairs Medical Center School of Nurse

Anesthesia.
During her AANA presidency, Dr. Mund has been a prominent advocate

for the patients and practice of nurse anesthesia before federal

agencies and members of Congress.