His dedication and

courage in uniform helped to ensure the safety and prosperity of this

Nation and all the people in it.
Happy Birthday to Mr. Francis Albert Smith.
Here is to many more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SISTER RICHELLE FRIEDMAN FOR HER OUTSTANDING CONTRIBUTIONS

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my heartfelt

congratulations and deepest thanks to Sister Richelle Friedman, PBVM,

as the Coalition on Human Needs honors her as their 2023 Human Needs

Hero, for her years of extraordinary advocacy, analysis, coalition

building, and leadership on a wide range of issues at the federal

level.
Since arriving in Washington, DC in 1980, Sister Richelle has been a

passionate champion and a tireless advocate for all Americans most in

need.
For more than 30 years Sister Richelle has focused her energies

and commitment to expanding opportunities for people

experiencing poverty and other vulnerable populations.
She fought for

justice through her years of work at NETWORK, a Catholic Social Justice

Lobby, the McAuley Institute, the Children's Defense Fund, and the

Coalition on Human Needs.
As the founder and leader of the SAVE for All

Campaign (Strengthening America's Values and Economy for All), Sister

Richelle has been a driving force for better public policy and an

essential educator for Members on human needs programs, which is key in

promoting and enacting good public policy.
Over the years, I have been proud to work with Sister Richelle

Friedman on programs of mutual interest and concern.
She has been a

tireless champion of meeting human needs through investments in housing

and programs to reduce poverty and hunger.
She has been a strong voice

of conscience, urging Congress towards equity, demanding that the rich

and corporate interests pay their fair share of taxes and do not profit

unfairly from government contracts.
Sister Richelle has unfailingly

conveyed reliable evidence that increasing tax credits for low- and

moderate-income families, expanding access to food assistance and

health insurance, ensuring justice for immigrants, and building

economic opportunity for all are investments that help our nation move

forward, leaving no one behind.
Through her decades of advocacy, she has helped members of Congress

understand that increased wages, family supports such as childcare and

paid leave, adequate retirement benefits and civil rights protections

are the goals we must reach, no matter how long it takes.
As a stalwart

defender of the needs of those experiencing poverty, Sister Richelle

has earned the praise of fellow advocacy organizations, the respect of

ideological opponents, and the friendship of many of us on Capitol

Hill.
I am honored to have this opportunity to stand today and pay tribute

to Sister Richelle Friedman for her hard work and thank her for her

commitment to social justice.
She has left an indelible mark and set a

standard of compassion, service, and advocacy to which we should all

strive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF DR.
PATTI LISK

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Patti

Liski, Dean of Nursing and Health Technologies at Germanna Community

College, on a remarkable career as a nurse, educator, and community

college advocate.
Nearly 40 years ago, Dr. Lisk started her career at Germanna when she

joined as a nursing faculty member in 1983.
In 1986, she transitioned

to full-time teaching.
During her time at Germanna, Dr. Lisk has been

credited with revolutionizing the school's nursing program and building

a statewide on line nursing program.
Her work writing the original

grant for the purchase of human patient simulators brought cutting-edge

technology to the school and kickstarted Germanna's Virtual Hospital.