She accepted a job at her alma

mater, Piedmont High School, where she taught history for the next 38

years.
She was named UCPS Teacher of the Year for the 1989-1990

academic year and was later named the Region IV Teacher of the Year.
Year after year, Dawn's students register among the highest scores for

AP U.S. History.
Dawn's dedicated leadership in the classroom has

inspired several of her students to further study history and return to

teach in the UCPS system.
Dawn's years of service to the UCPS community also extends far beyond

the classroom.
Dawn helped start the Piedmont Barbecue in 1986 and

continued every year until 2019.
Over these years, the Barbecue has

raised more than one hundred thousand dollars for Piedmont High

students.
It is clear, Dawn is the epitome of servant leadership.
Once again, on behalf of the entire 8th Congressional District of

North Carolina, I rise to congratulate Dawn Helms Stegall on a

successful career and a well-deserved recognition for her years of

dedicated service to Union County.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN DURM, MARION COUNTY SHERIFF DEPUTY

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in remembrance of John Durm,

Marion County Sheriff Deputy, who died in the line of duty on July 10,

2023, at the age of 61.
He is survived by his wife, Ramona, and 4

children.
Deputy Durm was well liked and respected by all who had the privilege

of knowing him.
Described by his colleagues and friends as genuine,

courteous, and sincere, Deputy Durm always had a smile and joke to

brighten someone's day.
A shining example of what it means to serve and protect, Deputy Durm

worked in the Marion County Sheriff's department for 38 years,

alongside his wife.
Inspired by their service, 1 of their sons is

currently training at the Indiana Law Enforcement Academy.
Our community mourns the loss of a brave and selfless man who was

dedicated to his family and the community he served.
He lived out his

values every day.
Deputy Durm's legacy of service and friendship will

be remembered by family, community members, and his Marion County

Sheriff's Office coworkers.
Today, I solemnly ask my colleagues to join

me in remembering Deputy John Durm and his loved ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
FRANCIS ALBERT SMITH'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
MICHAEL WALTZ

Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebration of Mr. Francis Albert

Smith of Palm Coast, Florida, who, on July 18, 2023, will celebrate his

100th birthday.
Throughout his life, Mr. Smith has been unwavering and relentless in

his service to the United States.
Serving in the Pacific during WWII,

taking part in the Invasion of Ie Shima during the Okinawa Campaign,

and in his role

as a Staff Sergeant in the Armed Forces from 1942 to 1946, Mr. Smith's

service falls nothing short of true servant leadership.
Mr. Smith was born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1923.
Throughout his life,

he has taken on many roles, including that of husband, father,

grandfather, and great grandfather.
In 1944, he married Ms. Dorothy

Murtha, and became the father of 4 wonderful children, Barbara, Diane,

Douglas, and David.
Over the years, his family has continued to grow,

and now includes 11 grandchildren and 22 great grandchildren.
In 2006,

Mr. Smith married Gretta Woodward, a fellow veteran of WWII.
Mr. Smith's service was, and remains, essential to maintaining the

freedoms we as Americans are so fortunate to enjoy.
Again, I thank him

for his dedication and commitment to the United States of America.
Every American owes a debt of gratitude to him.
His dedication and

courage in uniform helped to ensure the safety and prosperity of this

Nation and all the people in it.
Happy Birthday to Mr. Francis Albert Smith.
Here is to many more.