The theme of this year’s White Ribbon Day is, “It starts with men”.
Does the Minister agree that it is incumbent on us all, especially men, to play our part in stamping out violence against women and girls wherever we find it?
How is she working with the Executive in Northern Ireland to deliver on our shared mission and do exactly that?
I am delighted to see so many men raising this issue today at Northern Ireland questions.
Yesterday, I met with Tahnee McCorry from White Ribbon Northern Ireland, who is working with men in football and Gaelic Athletic Association teams and in prisons.
We absolutely all have a role to play to have those difficult conversations and really change our society.
The Northern Ireland Executive’s strategic framework to end violence against women and girls acknowledges the rise of online influencers who have a toxic influence on men and boys.
Will the Minister provide an update on discussions she has had on sharing best practice on how to challenge these influencers and promote healthier and safer attitudes towards consent and relationships across the UK?
I am very supportive of the Executive’s strategic framework to tackle violence against women and girls.
I am in constant dialogue with organisations such as White Ribbon NI to learn and share best practice.
That is how we are going to achieve this—in partnership with the Executive.
The Government are committed to tackling online abuse and violence against women and girls with the Online Safety Act 2023 and further work we will be doing on this matter.
Last year in Northern Ireland, six women were murdered by men.
All the men have been arrested, and their cases are pending.
Last year, some 800 women and children stayed in a Women’s Aid refuge, and 10 babies were born in a refuge.
There is an epidemic of violence against women in Northern Ireland.
What can the Minister do in discussions with the Northern Ireland Assembly to make that better?
I pay tribute to all the Women’s Aid organisations across Northern Ireland, which do absolutely fantastic work.
It is about prevention and provision of services.
Tackling online abuse and violence against women and girls wherever we see it—by everyone in this House and across the UK—is the only way that we will change this situation.
Does the Minister agree that the low number of police officers in Northern Ireland hinders the fight against violence against women and girls?
Will she work with the Executive to ensure that the number of officers is increased to the 7,500 recommended?
Action by police officers is fundamental, and we are looking at how we can change the justice system, as we are doing across the UK, as our target to halve violence against women and girls is essential.
It is, however, about much more than that—it is about a whole-of-society change and tackling misogyny wherever we see it.
Every organisation needs to get involved in this.
Action by the police is one part of it, but it is about so much more than that.