The Northern Ireland Assembly currently has no Members from ethnic minorities or ethnic minority backgrounds.
I have met many community groups that have raised this matter with me.
The key to changing it is the membership and selection processes of the political parties in Northern Ireland, and we should think about what we can all do as Members to speak with people from ethnic minority backgrounds and represent them.
I wish the Secretary of State a happy birthday for yesterday—[Interruption.]
And a happy Lancashire Day to you, Mr Speaker.
I join the Minister in paying tribute to Anna Lo.
Anna was the first non-white Member of the Assembly, but she cannot be the last.
I urge the Minister to encourage all parties in the Assembly to redouble their efforts to ensure that all the people of Northern Ireland can look to their Assembly and see someone like them.
I recently met Lilian Seenoi Barr, the first mayor in Northern Ireland from an ethnic minority background, who is showing the way for others.
I agree that people must see themselves represented, so I join my hon.
Friend in urging all parties across Northern Ireland to look at their selection processes and their invitations to meetings, and to make sure that all parties welcome everyone from every background.
Jay Basra is a 20-year-old Ulster Unionist candidate who ran in Mid Ulster at the last general election.
Jay describes himself as Punjabi-British.
When he announced his candidacy, he received a torrent of online abuse, which he described as “dehumanising” and “abhorrent”.
He said: “It reduces me down to my skin colour rather than myself as a person.”
However, he has also said: “If anything I’m even more determined to run again and increase the Ulster Unionist vote like I did in the general election.”
What words of encouragement does the Minister have for people such as Jay?
I am horrified to hear of that online abuse, and I am horrified to hear of any abuse that any politicians receive.
I commend Jay for his courage in saying, “Actually, this is not putting me off.
I want to stand again.”
The hon.
Member is quite right to raise this matter, as we would all want to do, and to show support for Jay and others who want to be able to say that they can stand and not receive such abuse.
We should call it out whenever we see it.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
This Government are providing the Executive with an £18.2 billion funding settlement for 2025-26.
This represents a £1.5 billion increase on this year and is the largest settlement since devolution.
It is now for the Executive to decide how the funding is spent.
One of the central aspects of the reconciliation process arising from the Good Friday agreement is the need to facilitate and encourage integrated education, so will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the continued support for integrated education in the autumn Budget?
I certainly will, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
Poll after poll in Northern Ireland shows that there is strong support for integrated education from the public.
From memory, about 8% of pupils study in integrated schools, and I hope we would all like that number to increase.
Last week, my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and the Education Secretary visited an integrated school.
The Education Secretary was, I think, the 15th Minister apart from myself who has visited Northern Ireland since the election.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the recent Budget gives the Northern Ireland Executive the opportunity to really go for growth after many years of uncertainty?
I do.
There is no doubt that the funding the Northern Ireland Executive received as a result of the Budget was more than they had anticipated, but all government is about making choices with the resources we have and the income we can raise, and deciding what our priorities are.
The Budget provides a sound foundation for the Northern Ireland Executive to take the decisions they need to take.
Does the Secretary of State agree that to ensure sustainable finances, the Northern Ireland Executive need to set out clear steps to reform both the NHS and broader public services?
I do agree with that.
As my hon.
Friend and the House will know, the longest waiting lists in the health service in the United Kingdom are to be found in Northern Ireland.
That is not acceptable, above all for those people who are waiting far too long.
There is a plan for reform, which I welcome, but the people of Northern Ireland want to see progress happening.
Just last week, I attended and spoke at a rally hosted by the Ulster Farmers’ Union in response to the change to agricultural property relief.
It was attended by 6,000 farmers, with every political party in Northern Ireland standing together in opposition to the change.
When will the Government acknowledge that their figures are not reflective of the average farm, and that this death tax will result in the break-up of family farms as we know them, the selling of land to pay the tax, and the purchasing of devalued land by big businesses that are not interested in using it to feed our nation?
Will the Secretary of State outline whether he has shared the concerns of Northern Ireland farmers with the Chancellor?
I have spoken to the Secretary of State for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and a Treasury Minister about this.
I understand that the changes are unwelcome and difficult, but given the fiscal position, the Government are having to take difficult decisions.
There is, however, a difference of view about how many farms will be affected, and the Treasury estimate is about 500 claims a year.
We cannot infer from land values an inheritance tax liability, because it depends on the ownership structure of the farm.