The Opposition stand by those hard-working people.
We are on the side of the plant workers, because we know the value of skilled work and the transformative power of British business.
The closure of the Luton plant, I fear, is just a down payment on the jobs that will be lost through this Government’s relentless attacks on industry, their neglect of the realities of business, and their failure to meet their promise not to raise taxes.
The Government owe it to the plant’s workers to at least be honest.
This decision is the direct result of a Government policy that is simply unworkable for industry.
Stellantis told us as much when it said that the decision was “made within the context of the… ZEV mandate”.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said, “the UK situation is particularly acute with arguably the toughest targets and most accelerated timeline in the world,” and that “unsustainable business costs undermine UK industry”.
The Government’s policy on zero emission vehicles is a jobs killer.
They say they have been talking since July, so why this panicked U-turn today, when it is already   too late?
The last Government acknowledged that the previous vehicle mandate was too stringent.
We took the decision to push it back, recognising the impact that it would have on industry.
We listened to Unite the union on this.
The Secretary of State’s party unilaterally reversed those changes and brought the deadline forward to 2030.
Instead of listening to Unite, he listened to  the Member for climate central, the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) .
Even today, the Secretary of State speaks of ending the sale of new purely petrol and diesel cars by 2030.
He tried to slip a subtle change in there, the consequences of which are significant.
I welcome the fact that, for once, this Government have listened to business, but he appears to be misleading business at the same time.
Can he explain exactly what his policy is?
As we see today, there are real costs to these targets.
Instead of having the courage to recognise that he was wrong, his solution appears to be yet another consultation, which is yet to take place.
How many automotive businesses has the Secretary of State spoken to about the targets?
In any of his conversations with Stellantis, did it ask him at any point to remove the fines?
Has he met the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North to entreat him to row back from his ideological pursuit of domestic targets, which ignores the fact British jobs are being exported to more carbon-intensive economies?
Most of all, we must not ignore the elephant in the room: the timing of the decision.
It follows a Budget that declared war on business, with a triple whammy of tax rises that remove incentives for growth and investment; a £25 billion jobs tax, which has left boardrooms across the country putting recruitment and pay rises on hold; and an Employment Rights Bill that the Secretary of State wrote while hand in hand with his union paymasters, which is already deterring businesses from hiring in Britain.
Businesses are ringing the alarm bells.
The CBI, the British Retail Consortium, UKHospitality and the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders have all said that the pressures on business are too much to swallow.
In open letter after open letter, statement after statement, they say that Labour is not on their side.
It lied about its plans.
It is attacking working people, and now it is attacking the vans that they go to work in.
The businessmen and women who gave Labour the benefit of the doubt are regretting it.
When will the Secretary of State listen?
When will his Government abandon their attack on British business?
Will he lead the charge to change course?
Why will he not suspend the fines and targets that have led to today’s tragedy?
That is the single most dishonest statement I have ever heard in my time in this House.
Order.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman will withdraw that comment.
Mr Speaker, I would like to clarify some of the points that the hon.
Gentleman raised.
The ZEV mandate policy is—[Interruption.]
Order.
We are on the same side.
We will be quiet, won’t we?
The ZEV mandate policy that the shadow Minister mentioned is a policy of the previous Government, as he is aware.
The changes that the previous Government made were not to the ZEV mandate.
They were not pragmatic about it.
They changed the destination and kept the fines, the ramp-up and the threshold exactly the same.
They allowed no flexibility or pragmatism in how the policy operated, but still undermined the transition, leading to a massive reduction in consumer confidence.
He asks whether I have talked to industry.
I was the guest speaker at the SMMT dinner last night; 1,000 people were there, from every bit of the automotive sector.
They are absolutely clear: they support the destination; it is how the previous Conservative Government’s policy operates that is causing them the problems.
As I said in the statement, as he would know if he was listening, or had read it in advance, 10 days into this Government, we were told that the plant was likely to close.
Labour has acted with pragmatism; we have been willing to look at any part of the policy to prevent this outcome.
The simple truth was that it was too late, after 14 years of failure, to put this right.
I say to the hon.
Gentleman with all politeness that he is out of touch with industry, with workers, and even with what the previous Conservative Government did, and that speaks for itself.