This is indeed a hard day for Luton.
I welcome what the Secretary of State shared with the House, and the review of the zero emission mandate that he announced.
In that review, I hope that he looks again at the perversities of the regime that he inherited, which could involve petrol engine makers in this country transferring credits to companies like Elon Musk’s Tesla, and to Chinese EV makers.
If we really want to ensure a level playing field, why do we not reverse the decision of the last Secretary of State, follow the EU Commission and launch anti-subsidy investigations into Chinese EV makers?
The Trade Remedies Authority is ready to go—it just needs the Secretary of State to give the green light.
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee, including for the exchanges that we had in the Committee evidence session yesterday.
He is right that because of the position we inherited—the issues with the flexibilities in the policy and the fact that no domestic producer is on track—the transfer he described is effectively the problem.
That is why I say that decarbonisation cannot mean deindustrialisation.
It is precisely what we inherited that we are critiquing.
We do not want to undermine the transition in the way the previous Prime Minister did—anyone in industry in the sector could tell Conservative Members how disastrous that was—but we need to give a breathing space, and ensure that the policy has none of the perverse incentives that he described.
On subsidies, the Trade Remedies Authority and the potential response from the UK, we have to bear in mind two things.
First, under the system that we inherited, industry makes the application.
I have powers to do that, as Secretary of State, but they have never been used, to my knowledge.
Secondly, we must remember that the UK automotive sector is a world-class, export-led sector.
If we were to go down any kind of protectionist  route on principle, we would have to bear in mind what it would mean for the markets we sell vehicles into.
If we sell 80% of our product abroad, we have to consider the international export position, alongside the domestic market position.
If industry makes that request, of course that request will be followed up, in accordance with the way the system operates.