Inevitably, the Conservatives will play politics with the announcement, but there is still no apology from them for trashing the economy.
There is not one moment of reflection that the previous Government’s policy on electric vehicles was a disaster.
The policy simply did not do enough on infrastructure and incentives.
The Government therefore need to fix the Tories’ mess.
As a starting point, the Government urgently need to work with Vauxhall to mitigate this major shock for the area.
The Government have said that they will fast-track a consultation, but it needs to be fast-tracked today.
Urgency is the key, so when will that consultation start, and when does the Secretary of State expect it to report?
The previous Government did not do enough to incentivise people to buy electric vehicles, nor did they provide the right infrastructure.
What are the Government doing to increase sales of electric vehicles and increase the number of charging points in places such as my constituency?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions and observations, and apologise that he has had to hear me speak twice on this topic in the short period of time between last night and today.
He has asked the Conservative party to apologise for its economic record.
That case stands for itself, but I would also like to know, given how urgently this issue was presented to us as a new Government, what the last Government were doing at the end of their time in office.
What did they know?
What conversations were they aware of?
Certainly, we inherited a position of extreme frustration from the company, and I cannot imagine that that frustration had not been conveyed in some way to our predecessors.
Turning to the hon.
Gentleman’s specific questions, there were policies in the Budget relating to charging infrastructure—which I recognise is a key part of this issue—as well as £2 billion for research and development through the automotive transformation fund and the partnership with business that we use that fund for.
Obviously, the consultation he asked about will come  from the Department for Transport.
The shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , asked why that consultation is happening, but the previous Government set these policies out in primary legislation, so he knows that there are processes to follow.
Any conversation about the thresholds in the existing policy would be for my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport to have, but I refer back to my points about how the system works and the flexibilities and allowances in, and how we can make sure that we are giving automotive manufacturers in the UK a system that lets them get to the transition they and the consumer want, but in a way that works with industry to enable that transition to happen for the benefit of the United Kingdom.