I thoroughly agree with the content and sentiment of my hon.
Friend’s question.
The support this Government are committed to is about that transition, but we should be excited by what British manufacturers such as Jaguar Land Rover, Nissan and Toyota are doing, and at the luxury end of the market, about McLaren and Rolls-Royce supercars.
I could mention all of our iconic brands, and there are a lot of exciting things going on.
If hon.
Members are not aware of that, all those manufacturers are more than happy to host Members of Parliament coming to visit, so I encourage people to do so.
However, they will explain the pressures they are under in the short term, and they will endorse the change of policy this Government are putting forward.
The Electric Vehicle Association says that 14 non-governmental organisations, think-tanks and campaign groups are advocating for upholding the ZEV mandate.
We have just seen the most devastating storms, which have been dangerously accelerated by climate change.
I know that the Government know that net zero is not negotiable.
The previous Government persistently undermined the motor manufacturing industry.
Will this Government listen to the Electric Vehicle Association, which, after all, is supporting this Government in their ambition to get to net zero?
I genuinely appreciate the question coming from that perspective, but this is not just about NGOs.
We have been in close contact with big business about charging infrastructure, and I understand the  importance of that.
I want to make it clear that that is why we are not undermining transition, but are ambitious with the industry about where we will get to.
Nothing we propose as a Government will itself reduce or limit the deployment of electric vehicles.
What I am talking about, and what we are talking about as a Government, is looking at how, for instance, the flexibilities in the system operate.
We are doing everything we can, alongside industry, to get to that destination.
I want nothing to do with the approach of the previous Government, which had a really detrimental effect on the industry, as it will tell any hon.
Member very clearly.
I am listening to what it means to have this change in economic circumstances in relation to private demand for electric vehicles, and I want to work with industry to get to the place or the destination that I think we both strongly support.
The previous Government were warned before the election, including multiple times in this Chamber, about the damage they were doing to the car industry.
The constant changes of policy on net zero, missing targets on the roll-out of charge points and the failure to even allocate the rapid charging fund have all undermined consumer confidence.
Will my right hon.
Friend make sure that, as soon as possible after his review, he balances the needs of manufacturers of cars and vans with the needs of consumers?
I believe my hon.
Friend’s analysis is absolutely right, and he and I were in the Chamber on several occasions when that case was made to the previous Government.
The intervention from the former Prime Minister was not based on any kind of business or economic logic, but was an attempt to create some sort of wedge issue before the election.
Frankly, that did them absolutely no good, because people saw straight through it.
I say again that to change the deadline, but keep the existing thresholds in place up until 2030 was the worst of all worlds—it really did have a negative impact on consumer confidence—and we will never repeat those mistakes.