The Prime Minister is not fixing any foundations; he is making everything worse.
The whole House will have heard him refuse to repeat the Chancellor’s pledge, a pledge as worthless as the manifesto promises that he is talking about.
If he is fixing foundations, why is it that the PMI index shows that business confidence has crashed since the Budget?
We are fixing the foundations.
We got record investment into this country.
The right hon.
Lady talks about tax rises.
Two weeks ago, she stood there and said that she wanted all the investment and all the benefits of the Budget, but she did not know how she was going to pay for it.
I notice that, having come here criticising the national insurance rises over and over again, on Monday she admitted that she would not reverse the position.
Meanwhile, her shadow science Minister was saying energetically that he would do the opposite.
They haven’t got a clue what they are doing.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to know what Conservatives would do, he should resign and find out.
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] I’ll decide when there’s more.
Until then, I am the one asking the questions.
There is a petition out there with 2 million people asking the right hon.
and learned Gentleman to go.
He is the one who does not know how things work.
It is not Governments who create growth; it is business.
His Minister for Employment,  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern) —I do not see her here—wants more young people in work, but businesses say that they are cutting jobs because of the Chancellor’s  Budget.
His Deputy Prime Minister’s Employment Rights Bill—she is not here—will stop businesses hiring.
That is what they say.
The CBI said on Monday that the dots of the Government’s policy do not join up.
It is right, isn’t it?
On Monday the right hon.
Lady said that she would not reverse the increase in national insurance.
Yesterday, on their predecessor legacy legislation, the Opposition could not decide what their position was.
Today, they have launched a policy commission asking other people to give them some ideas for government.
The right hon.
Lady talks about a petition.
We had a massive petition on  4 July  in this country.
We spent years taking our party from a party of protest to a party of government; they are hurtling in the opposite direction.
What a load of nonsense.
We had a Budget in March this year, and tractors were not blockading the streets of Whitehall afterwards.
Let me give the Prime Minister another example of a real business.
Following his Budget, the head of McVitie’s said that it was “harder to understand” what the case for investment in the UK was.
While the Prime Minister has been “hobnobbing” in Brazil, businesses have been struggling to “digest” his Budget.
Is it not the case that the Employment Rights Bill shows that it is not only the “ginger nut” that is causing him problems?
I was attending the G20 summit.
I suspect that, on their current trajectory, the Opposition do not know whether they would attend the G20.
Perhaps the policy commission will come up with an answer on that one.
We have had record overseas investment in this country.
The right hon.
Lady keeps carping from the sidelines.
She says at the Dispatch Box that she wants all the benefits of the Budget, all the investment, but she does not want to pay for any of it.
She has racked up £6.7 billion of unfunded commitments in just three weeks as Leader of the Opposition.
When it comes to the economy, we are the ones who are growing the economy.
The investment for which the Prime Minister is taking the credit was our work.
When I was the Business Secretary, we negotiated those deals that he announced.
The bottom line, however, is that in all that he has said, he does not seem to care about the young people who will lose their jobs as a result of his Budget.
Perhaps he can show concern for the 1,100 people who found out yesterday that they could lose their jobs at Vauxhall’s plant in Luton.
While he flies around making unilateral commitments, back at home the real-world effects are businesses closing in Bedfordshire and Basildon.
Does he stand by his promise to ban the sale of petrol cars by 2030, even if more jobs will be lost?
[Interruption.]
I would not normally invite a heckle, but that one was accurate.
The question of the position of jobs in Luton is a very serious one—families and workers will be very worried, and we are engaging with them—but I remind the Leader of the Opposition that the electric vehicle mandates that are an issue in this particular case were  introduced by the last Government.
I also remind her that she was the Business Secretary who introduced them.
We are getting on with supporting those communities while she is shouting from the sidelines.