I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The proposed closure of Luton’s Vauxhall van plant by Stellantis is devastating news for our town, with over 1,000 jobs at risk and the town’s future prosperity threatened.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that there will be a cross-departmental response to support the automotive sector and, importantly, good, skilled jobs in Luton?
Yes, I will.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this, at a difficult and uncertain time for workers and constituents in Luton, and their families.
That is why we are working with the industry.
There will be a statement later today, and it is important that we do whatever we can to support these communities.
Last weekend, during Storm Bert, Tenbury Wells was flooded for the second time this year.
It is a question of when, not if, the town will flood again.
The situation is even more devastating for residents because the town has a fully developed flood defence plan that is partly funded.
The Budget carried forward £2.4 billion for flood defences.
Will the Prime Minister commit to using his offices to finally get this scheme built and to fix the foundations of Tenbury Wells?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this awful situation for her constituents.
We all know how devastating flooding is, both the initial damage and the ongoing challenges, including problems with insurance for many years.
We are committed to tackling this, which is why we set aside money in the Budget.
I will happily arrange for her to have a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the particular details of this case.
I thank her for raising it, as it is such an important issue for her constituents.
Last weekend in Cwmtillery, torrential rain caused a landslip.
Slurry, even boulders, poured down streets—people were afraid.
The Chancellor just agreed a welcome £25 million for coal tip maintenance in Wales.
Given the impact of extreme weather events, will the Prime Minister continue to prioritise coal tips, in order to keep our communities safe?
Yes, I will.
I know how much of a concern it is to my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Indeed, he and I went together to meet some of those constituents last time there was terrible flooding.
The £25 million commitment to coal tip maintenance is very important.
We have now had two questions about flooding.
If  other hon.
Members have individual issues that they are unable to raise on the Floor of the House, they should get in touch with me or my office and I will ensure that they get whatever they need in support of their constituents.
We in the Scottish National party also welcome the ceasefire in Lebanon.
Now that arrest warrants have been issued for his allies—Netanyahu and Gallant—the Prime Minister’s determination to supply Israel with the weapons it requires to carry out its atrocities in Gaza, which has always been morally repugnant, is now completely untenable.
These warrants present him with a perfectly valid legal avenue by which he can end the UK’s complicity in this slaughter, so will he do that, or will the Prime Minister continue to choose to license F-35 components to a regime that is led by a man now wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity?
We have set out our position under the current law, as the hon.
Gentleman well knows.
I have set out my position very clearly in relation to the sale of capability to Israel to defend itself against attacks, such as those from Iran, and I am very clear that we will continue to do so.
Derby city centre is turning the page on 14 years of Conservative decline, with a new performance venue, a new business school and a restored market hall, but across the country we see too many empty shops and quiet high streets.
[Interruption.]
This Budget is putting more money into the pockets of working people to spend supporting local businesses.
Will the Prime Minister commit, contrary to Conservative scaremongering, to support and protect the small businesses that are the beating heart of our high streets?
Conservative Members can chunter all they like, but my hon.
Friend is describing their legacy.
We are turning that around.
We are supporting small businesses, we are supporting the high street and we are rebuilding our country, as the Conservatives go backwards.
My constituents in Exmouth and Exeter East, and our neighbours across the south-west, are understandably concerned about the rail disruption and potential economic damage that the HS2 construction at Old Oak Common will cause to our region for at least the next seven years.
Will the Prime Minister please commit to producing a full mitigation plan, as soon as possible, to address those issues and ensure that the south-west does not lose out?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue, which is of real importance to his constituents.
We have committed £30 million to mitigate the impact of the construction at Old Oak Common.
Local services will be unaffected and current plans will see services run between Exeter and London Euston.
I am very happy to arrange a meeting with the relevant Minister, if the hon.
Gentleman wants that, to follow up on the particular concern of his constituents.
After 14 years of the Tories, our criminal justice system is on its knees, with just 4.4% of domestic assault cases recorded by the police resulting in a conviction.
Last Monday was the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, so will the Prime Minister tell us what he will do to ensure that the criminal justice system works for women and girls in North West Leicestershire and beyond?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the criminal justice system was broken by the last Government, like everything else they touched in the past 14 years.
We take the issue extremely seriously.
We have made a commitment to halving violence against women and girls.
We are taking a number of measures in relation to that, for example piloting domestic abuse protection orders and making it clear that we will introduce a stand-alone offence of spiking.
Those are some of the measures that, frankly, we ought to be able to work on across the House, because the issue is of such importance.
Ukraine faces a hell of a battle on its eastern front with Russia, but on the home front the challenge is just as great.
As it faces a harsh winter, it was reported just last week that 80% of Ukraine’s energy infrastructure is either damaged or destroyed.
They desperately need power generators and associated equipment.
Will the Prime Minister agree to meet me to discuss the provision of energy aid to this important ally, Ukraine?
This is a very serious issue.
We have provided £370 million of support to the energy sector in Ukraine, which is being targeted by the Russian strikes.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I am pleased that on this issue there is unity across the House in our defence of Ukraine in the face of Russia’s aggression.
After years of neglect under the previous Conservative Government, GP surgeries are at breaking point and across North East Hampshire they are preparing now for huge bills to pay increased employer’s national insurance contributions.
Hart Health Partnership in Fleet estimates that this will cost it three nursing salaries and it has already reduced staff hours by 50 per week, with more cuts due in January.
Can the Prime Minister please tell GPs in my constituency which patient services they should cut in order to pay the bills?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the NHS was broken by the last Administration, and the Darzi report makes that absolutely—[Interruption.]
They should hang their heads in shame, frankly.
We are providing in the Budget £22 billion of additional funding this year for our NHS.
That is a huge investment that is much welcomed and much needed across the NHS.
We will work with GPs and consult the sector on the services they provide and the money they are entitled to in return.
All that funding will be confirmed in the usual way.
We  recognise that Labour is determined to defend the economically disastrous Conservative policies of being  outside the customs union and single market.
However, does the Prime Minister agree with the principle that where it is in our country’s interest to maintain alignment with EU standards so that we can better sell our products internationally, we align; and where it is in our interest to diverge, we diverge?
I certainly agree that the deal we got under the last Government is not the best deal that we can get.
That is why we are determined to reset the relationship and we have already begun that.
Obviously, there will be no return to freedom of movement, the customs union or the single market, but beyond that we can increase and improve the situation, whether on trading, security or other co-operation, and we are actively working on that.
The final question is from Frank McNally.
Following a major fire at the Tradebe depot in my constituency in 2021, Scotland’s clinical waste was forced   to be transported to England due to a complete lack of forward planning.
Tradebe was only appointed after the previous contract had collapsed, leaving human remains languishing in a warehouse.
It has now been revealed that the Spanish company was bailed out with £5.4 million of taxpayers’ money.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the SNP Government have consistently failed to get a grip of clinical waste disposal and must act appropriately to protect the public purse and ensure public safety?
I do agree with that, and it is the rule rather than the exception when it comes to the SNP Government.
The challenge for them now is that they have the powers to act and they have now been given the money to act.
They have run out of excuses.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.