As everyone in the House will be aware, we are currently in the middle of the BBC’s scam awareness week.
The advice in that context is always simple: if you see a scam, you should report it.
With that in mind, can the Prime  Minister advise the House whether he is aware of anyone who has promised to reduce energy bills only for them to increase?
Is he aware of anyone who promised to back business, only to tax business?
And is he aware of anyone who promised to protect pensioners, only to pick their pockets for their winter fuel allowance?
It is very—[Interruption.]
Order.
Those in the Gallery will not clap or interrupt the proceedings.
I am very glad to see the right hon.
Gentleman in his seat in the House, and I am sure that many of his colleagues in Scotland share that sentiment.
What I can point to is a Government in Scotland that promised to take Scotland forward and took it backwards, so I can identify the first one and it is right there.
November marks Islamophobia Awareness Month.
Last year, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a resolution condemning the desecration of religious texts, including the Koran, despite opposition from the previous Government.
Acts of such mindless desecration only serve to fuel division and hatred within our society.
Will the Prime Minister commit to introducing measures to prohibit the desecration of all religious texts and the prophets of the Abrahamic religions?
I agree that desecration is awful and should be condemned across the House.
We are, as I said before, committed to tackling all forms of hatred and division, including Islamophobia in all its forms.
Sarah and her family have farmed beef cattle in my constituency for over 70 years and they had always planned for her sister to continue the family legacy.
Earlier this year, Sarah’s mother died suddenly and unexpectedly.
She was just 58.
Sarah said to me that, despite already having a tragic year, it was made even worse after the Budget.
She said: “Changes to agricultural property relief have hit us hard while we’re already struggling to cope with bereavement and losing Mum.”
What would the Prime Minister say to Sarah and her family, in what has been the most difficult year of their lives, in the light of the family farm tax?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that case and the awful bereavement.
If she would kindly send me the details, I will certainly have a look at the case.
In relation to farming more broadly, as she knows, £5 billion was set aside in the Budget over the next two years as an investment in farming.
That is the biggest amount that has ever been set aside—[Interruption.]
I hear the chuntering, but the Conservatives actually failed to spend the last farming budget by £300 million.
On the question of inheritance of family farms, it is important to bear in mind that in a typical case, which is parents passing to a child, the threshold is £3 million, and that is why, as she knows, the vast majority of farms will be totally unaffected.
Southwark faces a significant challenge with antisocial behaviour, but we have fewer police today than in 2010 due to Tory cuts in coalition with the Lib Dems.
As the Prime Minister fixes the postcode lottery of law and order, will he consider the request from Southwark police, Southwark council and myself for our community to be a pilot test area for the new respect orders, to address this serious problem?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this, because public confidence in the police has been badly eroded under the last Government.
We will drive that up with a major programme of reform.
That includes recruiting 13,000 more police into neighbourhood policing and the tough new respect orders, coupled with the power to arrest for breach of the order.
I sincerely hope that all of us in this House agree that good government is transparent government.
In response to my written question on publishing the number of foreign nationals receiving universal credit, I was informed by the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, the hon.
Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western), that the feasibility of developing suitable official statistics was being examined.
Will the Prime Minister today commit to using his good offices to publish this data transparently?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this.
I know there has been an exchange on it, and as soon as I have an update, I will provide him with it.
Within weeks of the general election, this Labour Government delivered for the mineworkers and the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
It was well received, and it was justice done.
However, is it not time to seek the truth on policing during the miners’ strike?
Will the Prime Minister commit to an early and full inquiry, something which that lot denied for generations?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
The decision on the mineworkers’ pension scheme reversed a historic injustice, and I am so pleased that we were able to do it in the Budget.
As I think he knows, I met some of the Orgreave campaigners and listened very carefully to what they had to say.
They are entitled to the truth, and we are carefully considering the next steps to deliver it for them.
Next month marks two years since the death of Cody Fisher, a young man from my Stratford-on-Avon constituency.
Cody was a talented footballer with a bright future, whose life was tragically cut short when he was stabbed in a nightclub in Birmingham.
His mother, Tracey, has campaigned tirelessly in his memory for legislation to require venues to have bleed kits and metal detectors.
In the light of the Government’s commitment to tackling knife crime, will the Prime Minister meet Tracey and me to discuss these vital proposals to better protect young people like Cody from the devastating impact of knife crime?