Total income from farming in Northern Ireland fell by 44% last year amid volatile markets, soaring costs and declining output.
More than 6,000 Northern Ireland farmers recently gathered in the Eikon exhibition centre to highlight the impact that the changes to agricultural property relief will have on their sector.
With dairy farming facing serious economic challenges and gross agricultural output declining, can the Secretary of State commit to publishing a full impact assessment of APR removal for Northern Ireland’s farming sector, as well as its wider implications?
As I indicated in answer to the same question a moment ago, until we understand the ownership structure of each farm, I do not see how an impact assessment that would answer the hon.
Member’s question could be done.
Now that farmers know what the new arrangements are going to be, I urge them to take advice.
There are a number of things that they can do.
Last week, I met the Ulster Farmers’ Union and a number of young farmers, and I am in no doubt about the concern that they have expressed.
It is really important that we discuss it on the basis of the facts and that people look at how they can plan for their future.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the future of city and growth deals in Northern Ireland.
It was a pleasure to sign the heads of terms document for the Mid South West growth deal alongside the First Minister, Deputy First Minister and Minister for Finance on  6 November .
These deals are a partnership  between the Northern Ireland Executive, the UK Government, local authorities and businesses.
The aim of our joint investment in all four deals is to encourage economic growth in Northern Ireland.
As a member of the Business and Trade Committee, I am pleased that Belfast has seen a successful economic redevelopment, partly driven by embracing its heritage, which will now be further supported by the Belfast region city deal.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we must continue to support heritage as a regenerative tool in Northern Ireland and the wider UK with deals like this?
I agree.
These deals are all about partnerships and places, including their heritage.
All those are an integral part of the approach.
In Belfast, the city deal is roaring ahead with things such as the advanced manufacturing centre and considerable investment in digital.
I appreciate the Government’s focus on growth, especially green-lighting the city and growth deals, and their transformative impact on our often overlooked economy and infrastructure.
The forthcoming Windsor framework review presents an opportunity to look not just at east-west trade, which is important, but at other overlooked issues, to allow us to realise the growth potential of our unique trading arrangements.
Will the Secretary of State consider ambitious terms of reference for that review, to allow us to maximise growth and innovation by exploring issues such as dual market access and north-south co-operation?
As set out in law, whether there is an independent review depends on the outcome of the consent vote that will take place in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The Government would be under a legal obligation to commission a review if it is not passed with cross-community consent.
I would expect the review to focus on articles 5 to 10 of the Windsor framework, but it would be for the reviewer to consider how they conduct it.
I associate myself with the Minister of State’s remarks about Ken Reid.
He was a colossus of Northern Ireland politics, and journalism more broadly across the country.
I thank her for those comments.