I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a trade union member, as well as someone with friends who have heard that they have lost their jobs.
Closing the Luton site will damage our local economy, with 600 more jobs at risk in the supply chain and workers and families receiving this devastating news just before Christmas.
I welcome the comments of the Secretary of State that decarbonisation must not mean deindustrialisation and the decimation of good, skilled jobs.
Will his announcement today move the dial in discussions with Stellantis to help protect the Luton site?
I also welcome his tone—he is taking this seriously, compared with Opposition Members—so will he join me in visiting workers and their trade union representatives at the Luton site to listen to their concerns?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I believe everyone in the House who cares about the automotive sector and working people in this country will share the sentiments she has expressed about the scale of what this decision will mean for Luton.
I can absolutely promise her that I will take up her invitation to come with her to the site.
I can also promise her the full deployment of my Department and, indeed, all of my colleagues across Government to provide whatever help is required.
We are in conversations with Stellantis—as is the union, I believe—about the details of the package that will be presented to the workforce, but of course, I will engage closely with my hon.
Friend and with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  to make sure that package is to the maximum benefit of her constituents and the wider area.
As a Bedfordshire MP, I know how significant the Vauxhall plant is to our local economy and as a local employer.
The Secretary of State has explained how devastating this decision will be for families locally, not just in Luton but in my constituency.
Unfortunately, though, he has said very little about how he is going to support the people who are losing their jobs.
Is the Secretary of State concerned that this Government’s tax on jobs will make it much more difficult to replace these 1,000 manufacturing jobs in Bedfordshire?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his sentiments, but the straightforward answer to that question is no.
This is a skilled and talented workforce.
These workers have not lost their jobs because of any deficiencies on their part; rather, they have been put in this position by a combination of factors, including the overcapacity in Europe.
To be frank, from the minute we came into office, I think the company already intended this closure—it has nothing whatsoever to do with Government policy.
I recognise the pressures arising from the existing policy we have inherited, hence the pragmatism on our part as a Government to make sure the policy is working for the transition, but I have no doubt that whether these workers choose to take advantage of the relocation offer or of demand elsewhere, they are brilliant, talented people who will be in demand.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Before I start, I want to put on record that the 1,100 people who will be losing their jobs in Luton today deserved much better than the response from the Conservative Front-Bench representative.
It was very far from factual, and very far from serious.