I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question as well, and echo the sentiments I expressed to her constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton South and South Bedfordshire (Rachel Hopkins) .
This whole decision is regrettable, but its timing is particularly regrettable.
As I said in my statement, since the new Government came into power on  5 July , we have done everything we can to try to avoid this decision.
I reiterated the offers I have made throughout the negotiating process, both in policy flexibility and potential new Government investment in the site, but regrettably it was not possible to change the decision.
I have made clear the support that is available, and I reiterate that promise.
I do not want to minimise the impact of this decision in any way, but I believe my hon.
Friend’s area is a place of considerable economic strength, with firms in the engineering, aerospace and air travel sectors and in the creative industries.
There is a lot to be optimistic about for the future, but I recognise that that does not take away the bitterness of this particular blow for Luton at this time.
I make it clear that Conservative Members regard this as a very grave matter.
We are taking it seriously, and we are also dealing in facts.
Turning to veracity, then, can we hear whether or not Stellantis raised the question of the eye-watering ZEV mandate fines and asked for them to be lifted?
Yes.
In the conversations we had with representatives of Stellantis, they raised every aspect of the previous Government’s policy, including the flexibilities, the ability to cap and trade and some of the allowances, and what they would mean for the bottom line.
I take those concerns seriously, which is why I am willing—in a way that does not undermine the destination —to consult on how this policy works alongside my colleague the Secretary of State for Transport.
Although I understand the previous Government’s aspiration and why they introduced this policy, I do not think that when that decision was made, they considered the kind of falling demand that we have seen in Europe.
We have to work pragmatically across all bits of Government to make sure this policy does not lead to the kinds of outcomes that many of us who are aware of how exactly this sector works are concerned about.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s statement and am greatly saddened by Stellantis’s decision.
May I suggest that plant and platform rationalisation would have been a major factor?
Let us be honest: the industry wanted certainty, but automotive manufacturers faced the challenge of meeting the ZEV mandate introduced by the last Government, which was more stringent than that in Europe and most other markets.
Put simply, consumer uncertainty was introduced by the last Government, so I find the remarks of the shadow Secretary of State disingenuous.
Order.
“Disingenuous” was aimed at a particular person.
We do not do that.
You have been here long enough to know that, and I am sure you want to withdraw that comment immediately.
I withdraw it, Mr Speaker.
Thank you.
I urge the Government to introduce more flexibility in the annual targets from 2024 to 2029, introduce consumer incentives, and consider redirecting any penalties towards EV charging infrastructure, not to Chinese Government car companies.
My hon.
Friend makes some very good points about the fact that while nearly every major market has policies of this kind, ours operates in a different way from how the French, for example, proceeded with theirs.
I agree that the major failing of the former Prime Minister’s speech was to keep this policy in place, but change the destination—that makes no coherent sense whatsoever.
Logically, he should have done one or the other; doing both undermines confidence while still not providing the pragmatic flexibilities we are talking about today.
The specific points that my hon.
Friend has mentioned will all be part of the consultation that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport will lead on.
I assure the Secretary of State that I would have put the question I am about to ask to a Conservative Minister equally.
If all British car manufacturers came together and told the Government that they could not possibly meet this 2030 goal, would the Government nevertheless persevere in maintaining it as an immovable target?
I would recognise the right hon.
Gentleman’s fairness and equity whichever side of the House he was sitting on, and I have no doubts about that.
We do listen to those in industry and we have a very close relationship with them, which is why we understand that the destination they want is 2030.
The pressures on the system in the next few years are because of this situation, but—I say this in good faith to Conservative Members—I do not believe that the Ministers at the time considered the full set of European and global economic factors when making these decisions.
That is why we have to get the balance right.
Given that we are an export-led automotive producer, we should also recognise that if we were not ambitious about the transition, we would lose our export markets—we would not have anything to sell, because other countries have such policies and that is where the consumer is going.
This is about how we support the transition, and we are working closely with they industry on that.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a member of Unite the union.