The Secretary of State said in his statement that, at the time of the election, Stellantis was minded to close the plant.
However, since the election we have had the Budget, which has imposed £25 billion of increased taxes on business, and the Employment Rights Bill, which will also increase costs on business enormously.
Both have led directly to a collapse in business confidence.
Does the Secretary of State think that those decisions helped Stellantis to stay or go?
I can tell the hon.
Member categorically that those decisions had no impact whatsoever.
This is the crucial point.
I hear Conservative Members say this, but do they have any idea about employment conditions in the automotive sector?
Those conditions are well above the floor that the Employment Rights Bill will raise them to in the United Kingdom.
They should get out and talk to industry and have such conversations—please.
To be clear, on the wider point the hon.
Member makes about business confidence, I recognise that the outrageous inheritance this Government walked in on,   with Conservative Ministers not even planning to say how they would pay for the promises they had made, created speculation about where the revenue would come from.
I regret the fact that we had to make difficult decisions.
Ideally, we would not have wanted to make those decisions, but we are the people fixing the foundations and clearing up the mess the Conservative party left behind.
There can be no long-term prosperity unless we have a serious Government willing to do that.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in paying tribute to my good friend, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton South and South Bedfordshire (Rachel Hopkins) , who is a fierce champion for her constituents.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the news yesterday only highlights further the urgent need for a UK industrial strategy, and demonstrates the challenges that UK industry faced under the last Government without such a strategy in place?