Mr. MOORE.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the courageous and selfless lives of two Tremonton-Garland police officers, Sergeant Lee Sorensen and Officer Eric Estrada, who were tragically killed in the line of duty on Sunday, August 17, 2025.
These brave men put on their uniform each day aware of the risks involved, and today we honor the depth of their sacrifice.
Sergeant Lee Sorensen dedicated 17 years of his life to serving his community on the police force.
His tireless commitment to the people around him has been recognized throughout the community, earning him and his wife Garland City's Wheelon Award for significantly impacting the city.
He also received the Distinguished Service Award from the Tremonton Fire Department in February for his dedication, support, professionalism, and commitment to excellence in assisting fire and EMS units during incidents.
When he wasn't providing critical support for fellow first responders, he was assisting the middle school resource officer and checking on the teenagers who loved to chat with him.
Sergeant Sorensen was recently promoted to Sergeant and would have been sworn in today.
Friday, August 22, 2025.
He is remembered by his neighbors as humorous, kind, and a true hero.
He is survived by his wife Lanette and their children.
Officer Eric Estrada devoted 8 of his 31 years of life to the police force serving the Logan, Box Elder, and North Park police departments before joining the Tremonton police force earlier this year.
Although he was only with Tremonton for less than a year, he quickly formed a reputation and legacy of warmth and dedication.
His favorite part of working in law enforcement was being on patrol, where he loved interacting directly with the people he served and engaging with the community.
Officer Estrada is remembered as a dedicated father and husband, deeply loving and cherishing his family.
He is survived by his wife Brittney and their two children.
Both Utah heroes were honored by thousands of people in a procession across Northern Utah earlier this week.
It is through the service and sacrifice of honorable public servants such as Sergeant Sorensen and Officer Estrada that our communities, cities, and Nation can live safely.
I extend my deepest condolences to the loved ones, fellow officers, and entire community that feels this loss so profoundly.
I am thankful to both Sergeant Lee Sorensen and Officer Eric Estrada, well as their families, for their sacrifice and the many years dedicated to the betterment and safety of their communities.