Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and work of Southwest Virginia racing icon Larry McClure, who passed away on June 25 at the age of 81.
On March 21, 1944, 
Mr. McClure was born in the Harmon, Virginia, community, located in Buchanan County.
After moving to Chilhowie in Smyth County during his childhood, 
Mr. McClure began to develop a passion for automobiles and racing.
His years-long interest in cars eventually culminated in the cofounding of McClure Motor Sales.
Along with his brother Ed, the McClures started the automobile business with great spirits and motivation.
In 1980, 
Mr. McClure helped lead an effort with Tim Morgan to open Morgan McClure Chevrolet in Coeburn, Virginia.
Later in 1983, Mr. McClure joined forces with his brothers and 
Mr. Morgan in the founding Many long-time residents of Southwest Virginia remember the era of dominance under 
Mr. McClure's leadership in the 1990s.
Morgan-McClure Motorsports secured its very first win close to home, at none other than the Bristol Motor Speedway.
Despite legendary driver Dale Earnhardt leading the pack for a majority of the Busch 500, Morgan-McClure racer Ernie Irvan pulled ahead for the win.
Following this 1990 victory, Morgan-McClure Motorsports continued to win.
The next year, Morgan-McClure Motorsports won NASCAR's ``Crown Jewel'' by finishing in first place at the Daytona 500 and beating some Most notably, Morgan-McClure Motorsports took home back-to-back Daytona 500 titles in 1994 and 1995, cementing the team as a powerhouse in the sport.
Between 1990 and 1998, Morgan-McClure Motorsports won 14 races at the NASCAR cup level.
Mr. McClure favored drivers that were not afraid to take risks and captivated audiences with the famous No. 4 Kodak Chevrolet.
Despite most teams being based around Charlotte, 
Mr. McClure was proud of his roots in Virginia and found great joy in running his team out.
While many associate 
Mr. McClure with racing excellence, others remember 
Mr. McClure for his compassion and humility.
In 2004, fellow Virginian and opposing driver Hermie Sadler's only engine gave out at Chicagoland.
Without hesitation, 
Mr. McClure gave Sadler a spare engine.
Sterling Martin, who spent multiple years driving for Morgan-McClure Motorsports and won the 1994 and 1995 Daytona 500 events, attributed his racing success to 
Mr. McClure.
After McClure's passing, Martin shared how much 
Mr. McClure meant to him.
He described McClure as ``innovative, smart and a hell of a guy.''