As Detroit's first African-American mayor, he broke barriers and

built bridges.
He led our city through times of challenge and change,

always with an unwavering vision for a more inclusive and prosperous

Detroit.
His efforts to integrate the Detroit Police Department and to

fight excessive use of force were not just administrative actions, but

bold steps towards healing and unity.
His advocacy for affirmative

action and his dedication to economic development were testament to his

belief in a Detroit that offered opportunity for all.
Under his

leadership, Detroit saw the rise of vital infrastructure and community

projects, laying the groundwork for the city's future.
As we reflect on Mayor Young's legacy, let us remember his courage,

his unwavering commitment to civil rights, and his enduring love for

Detroit.
His life's work reminds us of the power of resilience, the

importance of visionary leadership, and the unyielding pursuit of

equality.
Mayor Young's legacy is not confined to the past; it is a

guiding light for our future, motivating us to continue building a city

that is as strong, as vibrant, and as inclusive as the remarkable

leader we commemorate today.
May his memory continue to inspire us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER AND SERVICE OF LAUREN NOYES

HON.
MARK E. GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lauren

Noyes for her distinguished career and service in our Nation's Capital.
Lauren has dedicated her life to advancing good public policy and the

betterment of those who serve on Capitol Hill.
A native of New Brunswick, New Jersey, Lauren grew up in Virginia,

Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Iowa, and Florida.
After graduating Magna Cum

Laude from Wake Forest with a B.A. in English, Lauren moved to

Washington, D.C. Like many congressional staffers, she started as a

Staff Assistant in the Office of Rep. John Shadegg (AZ-4), where she

was quickly promoted to Legislative Assistant.
Then.
in 1997, she

joined the Office of Rep. Joe Pitts (PA-16), becoming his Legislative

Director in 1998.
During her time with Rep. Pitts, Lauren helped

establish the Values Action Team (VAT).
One of the most meaningful aspects of her time on Capitol Hill was

participating in Faith and Law--an organization founded in 1983 that

encourages and equips Christian policymakers to more fully understand

the Biblical worldview and its implication for their calling to public

service.
In 2001, Lauren left Capitol Hill and continued her distinguished

career at The Heritage Foundation, where she served in multiple roles

until 2008.
For the next nine years Lauren dedicated herself to raising

her four children with her husband, Brad.
Lauren returned to Capitol Hill as Faith and Law's new Executive

Director in 2017.
Through her six years at its helm, Lauren has made an

indelible mark on the organization and countless staffers in both the

House and the Senate--and both Democrat and Republican.
Lauren led

Faith and Law into a new era, ushering the organization into a season

of rapid growth.
The programs she has built now inform and mentor those

who work on Capitol Hill from interns to senior staff members.
From Friday Forums, regularly attended by nearly a hundred staffers,

to reading groups and mentorship programs, Faith and Law's reputation

as a source of guidance and community for Hill staffers continues to

grow--and that is due in large part to Lauren's leadership.
In 2021,

Lauren launched the Capitol Hill Moms Group to encourage and equip

working mothers.
Providing the opportunity for a community of congressional staffers

and members from both sides of the aisle to meet regularly has been

invaluable in these challenging times.
Lauren's leadership has taken

the 40-year organization to new heights--and her selfless devotion to

building this community and mentoring staffers has shaped a generation

of thoughtful staffers.