In 2021,

Lauren launched the Capitol Hill Moms Group to encourage and equip

working mothers.
Providing the opportunity for a community of congressional staffers

and members from both sides of the aisle to meet regularly has been

invaluable in these challenging times.
Lauren's leadership has taken

the 40-year organization to new heights--and her selfless devotion to

building this community and mentoring staffers has shaped a generation

of thoughtful staffers.
As Lauren leaves her role at Faith and Law to focus on her family--as

mother to her children, Hudson, John, Sarah Grace, and Lucy, and wife

to Brad--she leaves behind an incredible legacy that will continue to

be felt in the Halls of Congress through the hundreds of lives she has

impacted.
On behalf of the United States Congress--and our many

colleagues who can attest to Lauren's impact firsthand--it is my honor

to recognize Lauren for her distinguished career on and around Capitol

Hill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MAJOR GENERAL JAMES ``BEN'' BENTON GASTON

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

life of James ``Ben'' Benton Gaston, 74, who passed away on November

22, 2023, in Indianola, MS.
Ben was born in Greenville, MS, on December 4, 1948, where he also

grew up.
He graduated from Greenville High School in 1966 and attended

Mississippi State University and Mississippi Delta Community College.
He ultimately graduated from Delta State University following his

discharge from active duty military service.
He joined the U.S. Army in

July 1969 and served as an Infantryman in the 4th Infantry Division in

Vietnam and Cambodia.
Upon his discharge from active duty, Ben joined the Mississippi

National Guard as a Non-Commissioned Officer in 1971 and later took a

direct commission to 1st Lt.
in 1981.
Ben also served as the Company

Commander for B Company 2/198th Armor--Indianola, MS, Battalion

Commander 1/198 Armor--Amory, MS, 155 Armored Brigade--Tupelo, MS, 66th

Troop Command--Jackson, MS and Assistant Adjutant General--Mississippi

Joint Force Headquarters--Jackson, MS.
Brigadier General Gaston retired in January 2008.
He was recalled one

month later to function as the Assistant Adjutant General as a Major

General, which ultimately culminated his 42-year military career.
MG

Gaston received numerous awards and decorations, including the

Soldier's Medal, Air Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, and the Legion of

Merit.
Following his discharge from active duty, he continued his

civilian education at Delta State University, obtaining a Bachelors and

Master's in Chemistry and an MBA in Business.
He also received a

Master's in Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College.
He began

his civilian career with the USDA in Stoneville, MS, and was eventually

elected as the District 3 Supervisor for Sunflower County.
Ben is survived by his wife, Sherry Ikerd Gaston, his high school

sweetheart, his sister, Ann Bradshaw (Jimmy) of Pearl, MS.
He was

preceded in death by his parents, James and Bobbie Ruth Gaston of

Greenville, MS.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM C. ``BILL'' WADE

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of William C.

``Bill'' Wade.
Bill Wade passed away on September 29, 2023, in

Gulfport, Mississippi, at 74 years old.
He was a dedicated family man

and friend.
Bill was a committed member of Bear Creek Baptist Church and served

as a deacon for many years.
His faith was important to him, and the

members of Bear Creek were well served under his leadership.
Bill retired from education in 2013.
He taught school at Louisville

Municipal School District and made a difference in the lives of many

students throughout his teaching career.
Serving as a principal at the

Kosciusko Public School, Bill led the school and eventually the school

district as superintendent of education.