664.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZE ALEX RAMOS

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alex Ramos, an

8th grade student at Legacy School in Arizona's 6th District.
Each year on Veterans Day, Alex places flags on headstones at the

Holy Hope Cemetery, a tradition his brother started 7 years ago.
That year, his brother started with just 25 flags.
This year, Alex

placed 600 flags at graves across the cemetery.
My team had the pleasure of joining him in November, helping to place

the flags and honoring those who served.
During the rest of the year, Alex goes door-to-door to collect

donations for flags.
At only 13 years old, he and his brother have started a rich

tradition in our community.
Our district is home to over 70,000 veterans.
I am incredibly proud

to know that because of kids like Alex, the next generation will keep

their legacies alive.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, November 30, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 5

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine drug shortages, focusing on

supply challenges, impacts, and policy solutions from a

Federal health program perspective.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal

Bureau of Investigation.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
DECEMBER 6

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Wall Street

firms.
10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine Infrastructure Investment and

Jobs Act investments in habitat and ecosystem

restoration, pollinators, and wildlife crossings.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine transnational repression,

focusing on authoritarians targeting dissenters abroad.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Hampton

Y. Dellinger, of North Carolina, to be Special Counsel,

Office of Special Counsel, and Henry J. Kerner, of

Virginia, to be a Member of the Merit Systems

Protection Board.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine fentanyl in

Native communities, focusing on the Federal response to

the growing crisis.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine the status of Department of

Defense recruiting efforts and plans for fiscal year

2024.