extended family that instilled the values of selflessness, generosity, and integrity in her from a young age.
Even as Allison grew older, she stayed deeply connected to her roots.
Her devotion to family only came second to her devotion to God.
Allison's mind was as strong and capable as her heart.
Growing up, she consistently excelled in her studies.
Her success in cheerleading and high school mock trial reflected her competitive spirit and relentless commitment to excellence.
Allison went on to graduate from Washington State University with distinction.
Her academic journey did not end there.
She later earned a master's in public policy from American University in Washington D.C. where she developed an appreciation for our nation's capital.
It was also here that she found a worthy mission--serving the public through road safety advocacy.
Allison proved to be a determined policy advocate who labored to improve safety conditions for drivers and pedestrians across our great nation.
Allison's career began when she was hired at the Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety where she ultimately became Director of Government Relations, promoting safer transportation policies.
Her efforts will live on through the policies she fought tirelessly for and that made it into landmark pieces of legislation like the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.
Allison's service will continue to impact the lives of children, teen drivers, pedestrians.
and motorists in America.
While in Washington D.C., Allison found new meaning and solace in her Roman Catholic faith.
Allison became known for always being the first to volunteer or to welcome new faces into the Church.
In particular, she enjoyed serving at the Our Lady of Bethesda Retreat Center, where she helped prepare young couples to embark on the blessing of marriage.
Washington is also where Allison met her devoted husband, Brian.
Allison and Brian were engaged in December 2014 and married in November 2015.
Allison was an unwavering support to Brian and a devoted mother to her two sons: Christopher and Callahan.
After five years of trying to start a family, she and Brian were blessed with the gift of Christopher through adoption.
In 2022, they were granted another blessing when Allison discovered she was pregnant with her second son.
Callahan was born in January 2023.
Throughout the years of waiting to live her dream of becoming a mother, Allison found strength and resolve from leaning on the Lord's perfect plan and timing.
As scripture teaches us in 2 Peter 3:9, ``The Lord is not slow to fulfill his promise as some count slowness, but is patient toward you, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance.''
Allison's final days on this side of heaven were spent joyfully caring for her two children alongside Brian.
Allison will be greatly missed by her loved ones.
It is a privilege to recognize her life and to celebrate the blessings God granted her.
Her memory and impact on her family, community, and country will live on for generations to come.
She may be gone from this earth, but her legacy will live on, especially in the lives of her two beloved sons.