H.R. 2799 would exacerbate these problems by

allowing large companies to evade disclosure requirements and SEC

oversight.
The bill also reduces incentives for companies to go public

through an initial public offering (IPO) which will deprive investors,

including working families and retirees, of transparent investment

opportunities.
Everyday Americans invest their hard-earned money to save for their

education, travel, buying a home, and retirement.
H.R. 2799 threatens

the existing regulations that protect everyday Americans from risky

investments that would put their livelihoods in jeopardy.
Under current

regulation, financial professionals or companies are required to only

sell private securities to investors who have access to reliable

information, have a demonstrated ability to understand the risks, and

have the financial wherewithal to absorb potentially severe investment

losses.
H.R. 2799 removes these safeguards, allowing financial

middlemen to peddle risky private securities to unsuspecting, hard-

working Americans.
H.R. 2799 sets everyday American investors up to

fail.
H.R. 2799 also includes anti-worker provisions that will harm gig-

workers like rideshare drivers, food delivery providers, and on-demand

caregivers.
The State of Minnesota has been working hard to prevent the

misclassification of gig-workers workers as independent contractors and

provide stronger protections for these workers.
H.R. 2799 would preempt

these efforts in Minnesota and around the country by prohibiting the

classification of gig-workers as employees.
This provision would cut

off gig-workers' access to essential state-based rights and benefits

like a minimum wage, unemployment insurance, overtime pay, health

benefits, and workers compensation.
Mr. Chair, H.R. 2799 eliminates crucial investor protections which

would expose the investments of American families and seniors to

financial fraud.
I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FLORIDA STATE SENATOR BETTY HOLZENDORF

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor State Senator

Betty Holzendorf, a Jacksonville native who dedicated her life to

improving the lives of all Northeast Floridians.
At the age of 84, Senator Holzendorf passed away on February 29,

leaving behind legions of supporters and friends who were lucky enough

to have known her bright spirit.
A mainstay of Florida politics whose long career spanned across both

chambers of the legislature, Senator Holzendorf was a true woman of the

people who never stopped fighting for her constituents.
One of Senator Holzendorf's greatest passions was fundraising for

universities and scholarships in Northeast Florida.
As a science

teacher, Betty knew that Florida is only as strong as its youth, so she

championed education as an avenue to brighten the minds and futures of

her constituents.
I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the long and

fruitful life of Senator Holzendorf, along with offering our deepest

condolences to her friends and family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JAY A. MYERS

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding New

Yorker, Attica Fire Department Member, Jay Myers, for his 50 years of

service to the community of Attica and the Attica Fire Department.
On

Saturday, March 9, 2024, members past and present from the Attica Fire

Department will gather to honor him for his service.
Jay Myers was born and raised in the Town of Attica in Wyoming

County, New York and began his service as a volunteer in 1973 with the

Attica Fire Department.
Throughout his years with the Attica Fire

Department, he has responded to countless numbers of ambulance and fire

responses.
His excellent service has earned him the title of Fire Chief

along with numerous other positions within the department.
Jay's call

to service did not stop at the Attica Fire Department, he served for 41

years as a 911 dispatch operator for Wyoming County before his

retirement.
Along with his passion for the fire department, Jay enjoys

traveling in his spare time.