KAREN HOSLER

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Karen

Hosler, a distinguished Baltimore Sun correspondent whose beats

included Congress and the White House.
Karen died on February 1 of this

year, and it is an understatement to say that Karen lived life to its

absolute fullest during her 75 years on this earth.
Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to meet Karen, but I

wish that I had.
Those that worked with and knew her said, ``Karen

always brightened up a room with her cheerfulness, her wonderful

laughter, her joy for life and her deep commitment to first-rate

journalism done the right way . . .
She loved reporting on politics, be

it Annapolis city government, the governor and General Assembly or the

White House and Congress.
Ms. Hosler earned a bachelor's degree in journalism in 1970 from the

University of Maryland, College Park, where she was on the staff of The

Diamondback, the campus newspaper.
After college, she got her start

right here in Congress working as a press aide to U.S. Senator Charles

Mathias and then began covering politics for The Bowie Blade and Prince

George's News.
She then joined the staff in the early 1970s of what was

then known as The Evening Capital in Annapolis, where she covered

government, including the General Assembly and Anne Arundel County

elections.
Those that knew her in the newsroom describe her as ``. . .
sassy,

brassy and bold . . .
She had the perfect reporter's combination of

skepticism of what the government officials she was covering was

telling her and empathy for the people she covered . . .
She asked the

questions that got right to the heart of things.''
She then joined The Arundel Sun in 1977, and then went back to

Annapolis, where she covered politics and state government.
From 1980

to 1983, she was the paper's state political reporter and from 1983 to

1988 its Maryland correspondent.
In 1988, she was named White House correspondent where she covered

the administrations of Presidents Ronald W. Reagan, George H.W. Bush

and Bill Clinton.
In 2002, my colleague, Representative Steny Hoyer, included in the

Congressional Record that Ms. Hosler was ``always a tough interrogator

of a politician.
She asked the hard questions that we didn't always

like to answer, but she always got it out of us.
She took her

responsibility as a reporter very seriously and her readers were better

off for it.''
As if her professional accomplishments were not enough, Karen

completed 12 marathons including the Boston, New York and Marine Corps

marathons and brought her love of running to Washington.
In fact, she

even ran with President Bill Clinton and described the President as ``a

whole lot faster than he looks.''
In 1993, Karen became the congressional correspondent for The Sun

until 1998, and its deputy Washington bureau chief from 1999 until

2002.
From 2008 until retiring in 2020, she was a WYPR talk show host,

reporter and assignment editor.
She was even the subject of a PBS special, which was based on a very

personal piece written by Karen.
In these times of political turmoil, it was inspiring to read Karen's

story and see what it means to live a life well lived.
Fair winds and

following seas to Karen, and may her memory be a blessing to her

husband and United States Naval Academy adjunct professor, Alan

Friedman, and her brother, Richard Argy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JEFF JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote

during a portion of the legislative day on March 6, 2024.
Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on H. Res.
1061.