Now, most here assembled know Ray was the master of the

power nap.
From which virtually in any environment he could

fall into a deep sleep, and awake and rally.
Danny Delmastro, of course, cites the best example of his

capability at the annual Aero Med Christmas Party, when about

three-quarters the way through a great evening, Rammer says

to Danny he's going to ``step outside for a smoke.''
Danny

looks at him and says ``it's snowing,'' Ray just nodded and

about an hour later with the place closing down and everyone

looking for Ray, Danny went outside and found him on a bench

with about three inches of snow on his head and his shoulders

and said, ``Rammer!''
And Ray responded without missing a

beat that ``yes, I'll have a final final.''
That was our guy.
He clearly is a giant of a man, Jim Iacobellis noted that.
He said he had a giant talent.
He could do anything he put

his mind to.
He had giant knowledge.
He knew so much about so

much, and if he didn't, he'd ask and inquire until he did.
He

had a giant personality--the life and center of any

gathering, you always wanted to be around him and talk to

him.
He was a giant friend.
He had so many, and he knew them,

he knew what they liked, and knew what made them happy or

unhappy.
He was also the first to accept new people and

become friends, as he did so with Jim more than 30 years ago

when he was the new kid on the block.
Now, we have a Bocce tournament and a gathering and have

done so for 32 years, and whether it's tents, limoncello,

garbanzo and hot peppers, you know, and of course, grilling

that sausage, it was Ray.
And as Linda and Leslie attest and

verify and everyone agrees--without Ray, there would never

have been a Bocce.
He was the essential part and mover.
I think it's safe to say that the way he lived his life and

in talking with David McQuaid, I said, ``David, he had a

great run.''
And David looked at me and says ``A run?
He had

several runs.''
In short, Ray was authentic and original

without a phony bone in his body, dependable as the day was

long.
He was always there for everyone and in so many

different capacities.
In this human comedy we call life, his skills, his

curiosity, his inquisitive and honest and practical advice

will be what I miss the most.
He was the real deal.
He was

the Rammer.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL ACT OF 2023

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2799, the

Expanding Access to Capital Act.
Mr. Chair, this bill does not in fact

expand access to capital.
It expands access to fraud.
Historically, U.S. capital markets have been successful because of

the transparency, accountability, and oversight required by

regulations.
Investors both here and abroad have confidence in the

investments they make because they know companies are required to be

transparent and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is

obligated to perform oversight.
However, large companies are now using

exemptions designed for small businesses.
This has resulted in an

expansion of the private securities market, which is riskier than the

public securities market because there are fewer and, in some cases, no

disclosures required.
H.R. 2799 would exacerbate these problems by

allowing large companies to evade disclosure requirements and SEC

oversight.
The bill also reduces incentives for companies to go public

through an initial public offering (IPO) which will deprive investors,

including working families and retirees, of transparent investment

opportunities.
Everyday Americans invest their hard-earned money to save for their

education, travel, buying a home, and retirement.