My sincere thoughts and prayers go out to his wife of 67 years,

Marlene, and his entire family during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDIUM CORPORATION

HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to honor

Indium Corporation as it celebrates its 90th Anniversary on March 13 of

this year.
Founded in 1934 by Dr. William S. Murray, Indium Corporation first

operated from his garage at 805 Watson Place in Utica, New York.
Dr.

Murray was instrumental in identifying and enabling the first

commercially viable applications for indium metal.
Today, Indium Corporation is a premier materials refiner, smelter,

manufacturer and supplier to the global electronics, semiconductor,

thin-film, and thermal management markets.
With five facilities in New

York's 22nd Congressional District and several located internationally,

Indium Corporation is a global leader in materials science and

electronics assembly solutions.
Indium's innovative products can be

found in many common consumer electronics and high-reliability

technologies such as electric vehicles, mobile devices, life-saving

medical devices, and emerging 5G technology.
Beyond Indium Corporation's role as a manufacturer, the company

bolsters local educational resources through STEM (science, technology,

engineering, and mathematics) outreach partnerships with schools,

universities, and community organizations, impacting the lives of more

than 5,000 students each year.
Indium's award-winning college

internship program, inaugurated in 2012, has led to careers in STEM

fields for over 100 students.
In addition, Indium Corporation initiated a pioneering apprenticeship

program, aiding employees who are seeking to learn new skills and

pursue higher education and assisting military veterans with making

successful transitions to private sector careers.
The company recently

celebrated its first graduates.
Indium is committed to giving back to the community through the

support of many charitable and quality-of-life organizations including

the American Red Cross, Stuff the Bus, ICAN, United Way, Support Our

Vets, and the American Heart Association.
The company and its leaders

have been honored by the Oneida County History Center, YWCA, MACNY,

Mohawk Valley Alliance of Chambers of Commerce, and the Genesis Group.
On behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional District, I would like to

congratulate Indium Corporation on the occasion of its 90th

Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE UNION COUNTY WRESTLING TEAM

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Union County

High School wrestling team for achieving their 15th state championship

and 3 individual state champion titles.
The Union County wrestling team has been the gold standard for

Kentucky wrestling for nearly two decades and has created a dynasty of

success.
In the past 11 seasons, they have achieved 9 state titles.
Their first state championship title was in 1976 and they have

continued their winning traditions since.
I am honored to stand with

the community of Union County to celebrate another state wrestling

championship.
I am proud to recognize this tremendous achievement by the Union

County wrestling team as they add another trophy to their case.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF ISABELLA PFEIL FOR WINNING THE DIVISION I ONE-

METER DIVE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a great deal of pride that I rise

to pay a very special tribute to an outstanding high school diver in

Ohio's Fifth Congressional District.
Isabella Pfeil, a senior at Avon

Lake High School, has ably represented her school on her way to

achieving her first Division I State Diving Title.
Isabella overcame

the challenges posed by intense competition in her effort to win the

Division I One-Meter Dive State Championship.
In pursuing the State Championship, Isabella defeated her opponent in

the finals of the one-meter dive classification.
Her hard work and

dedication in achieving this accomplishment is truly outstanding.