His excellent service has earned him the title of Fire Chief

along with numerous other positions within the department.
Jay's call

to service did not stop at the Attica Fire Department, he served for 41

years as a 911 dispatch operator for Wyoming County before his

retirement.
Along with his passion for the fire department, Jay enjoys

traveling in his spare time.
I thank Jay Myers for his incredible volunteer service providing

protection to local homeowners, farmers, businesses, and schools in

Wyoming County, New York.
His many years of dedication have made the

community a better place to live, and I wish him all the best in his

many more years serving in the Attica Fire Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROBERT WILLARD

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding New

Yorker, Attica Fire Department Member, Robert Willard, for his 50 years

of service to the community of Attica and the Attica Fire Department.
On Saturday, March 9, 2024, members past and present from the Attica

Fire Department will gather to honor him for his service.
Robert Willard was born in Batavia, New York and raised in the Town

of Attica in Wyoming County, New York, and began his service as a

volunteer in 1973 with the Attica Fire Department.
Throughout his years

with the Attica Fire Department, he has responded to countless numbers

of ambulance and fire responses.
His excellent service has earned him

the title of Fire Chief along with numerous other positions within the

department.
Robert worked for Westinghouse until its closure and spent his later

years working for the Village of Attica before his retirement.
Along

with his passion for the fire department, Jay enjoys traveling in his

spare time.
Robert is a true family man.
He is married to his wife

Kathy, and they have two children and three grandchildren.
When he is

not spending time with his family, Robert enjoys hunting and camping.
I thank Robert Willard for his incredible volunteer service providing

protection to local homeowners, farmers, businesses, and schools in

Wyoming County, New York.
His many years of dedication have made the

community a better place to live, and I wish him

all the best in his many more years serving in the Attica Fire

Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 130TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF TEXAS COLLEGE

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Texas College in Tyler,

Texas commemorating its 130th anniversary.
Founded in 1894, Texas College was formed by ministers of the

Christian Methodist Episcopal Church to educate African-American

students excluded from the university system of Texas at the time.
Since its eventual charter in 1907, Texas College has aimed to form

the next generation in theology, music, teaching and commercial

training as well as agricultural and mechanical sciences.
Today, Texas College inspires intellectual, spiritual, moral, and

social development, empowering graduates to engage in life-long

learning, leadership, and service.
For generations, the college has

formed upright, intelligent citizens who honor God through their

knowledge, work, and families.
I am proud to see the many accomplishments that Texas College has

made since its inception.
I am equally grateful to have Texas College

as an integral part of the Tyler community and broader East Texas

region.
I look forward to another 130 years of success from the faculty and

staff at Texas College as they celebrate their anniversary this month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MS.
KAREN HOSLER

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Karen

Hosler, a distinguished Baltimore Sun correspondent whose beats

included Congress and the White House.