Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote

during a portion of the legislative day on March 6, 2024.
Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on H. Res.
1061.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DEMETRIUS WEST, INTERNATIONAL GOSPEL MUSIC ARTIST AND

COMMUNITY LEADER, AND THE JESUS PROMOTERS GOSPEL CHOIR

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of Demetrius West and

The Jesus Promoters Gospel Choir on their 20th anniversary.
Demetrius was influenced by his great-grandmother and discovered his

passion for gospel music at an early age.
As an internationally-

renowned recording artist, he has shared the stage with notable Gospel

and Christian artists such as Marvin Sapp, Byron Cage, Kirk Franklin,

and Chris Tomlin.
His work made the Billboard Music Charts several

times and has held several No.
1 hits on Gospel airplay radio charts.
In 2015, Demetrius released the album ``Jesus Promoter'' in 2015

featuring award-winning Earnest Pugh and 40-voice choir, The Jesus

Promoters.
An Indianapolis native, Demetrius has a deep-rooted sense of

community, exemplified by his support to the Resource Hub Foundation,

Westside Baptist Church, and other local organizations aiding families

in need.
He is additionally involved in local politics and elections,

and as Minister of Music and Arts for the Westside Missionary Baptist

Church with Pastor Michael O. Bryant.
He has assisted many choirs,

groups, soloists, and musicians with his knowledge and love of music by

conducting workshops and seminars nationwide to help other ministries

perfect their talents.
Music helps us translate joy, sorrow, and faith.
Demetrius West and

The Jesus Promoters is a voice that resonates across generations and

will continue to play a role in the cultural fabric of our community.
Demetrius is married to the lovely Shalette West, and they have one

beautiful daughter, Zanobia Denise.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Demetrius West and The

Jesus Promoters Gospel Choir on their 20-year celebration.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
ROBERT WIRTH

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life and

legacy of a remarkable man, Mr. Robert ``Bob'' Wirth.
Bob was born on October 2, 1932, and grew up in Shiocton before his

family moved to their family farm in Hortonville.
Beginning in high

school, Bob was involved in many extra-curricular activities such as

football and basketball.
Bob demonstrated incredible leadership and

talent resulting in him being named team captain for both football and

basketball.
Following high school, Bob was drafted into the Army and

served at Fort Lewis in Tacoma.
Washington.
I commend Bob for his

service and dedication to the United States.
On March 2, 1957, Bob married the love of his life, Marlene Rollmann.
Throughout their life together, they enjoyed years of happiness and

welcomed five children: Barb, Kelli, John, Mark, and Ricky.
Bob was so

proud of each of these children and was thrilled as their family grew.
Family was always of utmost importance to Bob, and he was blessed to

have 15 grandchildren and 7 great-grandchildren.
When Bob wasn't spending time with his growing family, he enjoyed

many hobbies.
Bob cherished each opportunity to join family and friends

exploring the outdoors.
He especially loved their annual deer hunts and

snowmobiling trips.
Bob's kindness and friendship will be missed by

many that were blessed to know him.
Mr. Speaker, I honor the life and legacy of Mr. Robert Wirth and

thank him for his years of service and dedication to the United States.
My sincere thoughts and prayers go out to his wife of 67 years,

Marlene, and his entire family during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDIUM CORPORATION

HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.