It was abundantly clear from all, that he would want an

upbeat sendoff on his next journey.
First and foremost, and

most of all, the shared empathy, respect, and love for Peg

and his three angels, Noele, Kelly and Melanie.
At the wake

it was hard viewing and watching them hold back the tears,

the grieving and the mourning and with each person.
A memory

of a man whose actions were bigger than life, knowing even in

this difficult moment, what Ray would want is to celebrate

his journey and the relationships he shared with all of you.
I know I'm stating the obvious, as so many of you have spoken

of his lifelong love and relationship with Peg.
Many of you

have attested that they were the quintessential couple.
They

simply go together well, Ray and Peg.
Peg and Ray.
No

gathering was complete without them--and you talk about

opposites!
Yet there was a greater bond that held them

together, certainly Noele, Kelly, and Melanie, but it was

their great faith and devotion to each other that always

resonated.
Many of you said Ray was always there for you, no matter

how trivial or important.
How many of you can recall being

with Ray into the wee hours of the morning, partaking in the

elixirs of life and thinking--as I have--there's no way after

this that he gets up and takes Peg to mass in the morning--

only to be astonished again by him being there for her and

their faith, dependable and rock solid.
That's love and

devotion.
That's Ray and Peg.
Comradery is a great term about a gathering of friends, and

as Nick Olivia pointed out, with Ray, those gatherings were

always punctuated by having fun and enjoying one another's

company, whether at the Hose Club, the Dirty Dozen, the F&L

Dinners, or innumerable political events, Ray and a good time

were synonymous.
He was always a doer, never a complainer and

put everyone else first.
His last trip to Ireland is an epic

example.
A trip he had planned for some time with Nick and

Vita, Bruce and Wendy, and he and Peg.
As Bruce recalls,

weeks before, he had terrible and severe back pain and was

not feeling well, but would not let his health stand in the

way of a great trip with friends.
While I'm sure the Guiness

helped, everyone knew he was in pain, but he did it because

of who he was and the people he cared about.
That's Ray.
As my brother Danny says, having worked with Ray on

building the house--and you heard Father say how he did it

with his own hands--Ray had many skills, among his

specialties was electrical, with a minor in procurement.
If

we needed hardware: nuts, bolts, nails, screws, blades, zip

ties, gloves, paint, or whatever, Ray always managed to come

up with a donor and keep us going.
My brother went on to

describe his essence, saying what I believe everyone in this

room agrees with.
He was the most dependable friend you could

have.
First one on the site, and there till the end, and the

job was done.
He had a broad base knowledge and a hands-on

versatility of all of the trades.
Nothing that he couldn't

figure out with an occasional break for a Marlboro or two.
His heart was bigger than himself, it's as if he was made to

help everyone else.
He was practical and direct and always

with an informed view.
Now, most here assembled know Ray was the master of the

power nap.
From which virtually in any environment he could

fall into a deep sleep, and awake and rally.
Danny Delmastro, of course, cites the best example of his

capability at the annual Aero Med Christmas Party, when about

three-quarters the way through a great evening, Rammer says

to Danny he's going to ``step outside for a smoke.''