So far, Israel has ignored international appeals to not indiscriminately attack civilians and not take steps that are basically razing Gaza to the ground.
It now looks as though it is going to ignore international opinion about entering Rafah, so has the time not now come for us to consider not selling to Israel arms that can be used in those totally unacceptable ways?
Arms deals and export licences are dealt with in the normal way, but the hon.
Member will be interested to hear that actually, not many arms sales take place in the direction of Israel at all.
Off the top of my head, I think it was just £42 million last year, and that was mostly for protective equipment.
Late last year, diesel got into the water supply at the Trenchard Lines camp near Upavon in my constituency.
I commend the resilience  of the families who live there, and also of the MOD, which acted very quickly to ensure that there was a temporary supply of water.
Those families are still living on that temporary supply, so can the Minister assure me that attention is being given to sorting out this problem and ensuring a permanent supply of clean water?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter—he is a champion of the defence community in his constituency, and I thank him for his early engagement on it.
I understand that the local authority regulator, following the completion of rigorous testing, has confirmed that the water quality at Trenchard Lines is acceptable, and it is now safe for personnel working and living there to use the mains supply.
I will double-check that and write to him, but I am grateful for his comments on the performance of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation in that regard.
Today we have seen news of another serious attack by the Houthis on a commercial vessel in the gulf of Aden.
Do Ministers think that more Royal Navy ships will need to be deployed to the region, given the ongoing threat to merchant shipping?
The hon.
Gentleman will be familiar with answers I gave last week or the week before at the Dispatch Box, when I said that we will always look at what is happening in the Red sea.
I have been there to meet the crews myself, and will make a judgment based on the reality on the ground.
There is now also input from a conglomeration of EU countries that are coming to join Prosperity Guardian, and we welcome that input.
In the debate on the Red sea on  24 January , I asked for confirmation that HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark would not only not be scrapped, but would not be mothballed.
The deputy Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , with the Secretary of State for Defence alongside him, said in response that I was “absolutely right to detect the supportive view of the Secretary of State for Defence.”—[Official
Report,  24 January 2024 ; Vol. 744, c. 402.]
However, a journalist was subsequently told by the Ministry of Defence that nothing had changed, so are those ships going to be mothballed or not?
My right hon.
Friend can rest easy: I have been down to visit HMS Albion since those questions, and I can confirm that one of those ships will always be being made ready to sail.
He can therefore be very relieved.
Suicide rates among veterans under the age of 24 are two to four times higher than in the civilian population, but figures show that this group is less likely to be in touch with mental health services.
How will the Minister ensure that young veterans can access the support they need?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question—she has been consistent in her inquiry into this matter.
She will be reassured to know that across  the service community, the rate of suicide is lower than we would expect in the civilian population.
There is a subset of young men within the serving population for whom there is an excess, and we are looking very closely at that.
I very much commend to the hon.
Lady the suicide action plan that we have published, which lays out what Defence is doing to drive down the suicide rate in our armed forces.
Whichever figure it is, it is too high.
The whole House would like to see a larger Army, Navy and Air Force—there is unanimity on that point.
Central to that must be not only the armed forces recruitment programme, but the Army centralised training scheme.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that the pause in capital spending by the MOD, which was announced last week in the press, will not affect those two schemes, and that they will continue in as full-blooded a way as they are at the moment?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that there is no pause.
The approvals are flowing.
The Royal Navy carriers HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales entered service six and seven years late respectively, with their cost rocketing to over £8,000 million—more than 20 times that of Scotland’s  ferries—while being plagued with problems and a lack of aircraft.
What assurances can we have that these hugely expensive carriers will provide the defence capability for which they were designed?
The whole House recognises the irony of an SNP Member talking about ships being delivered late.
The whole House will want to welcome the extraordinary work done by those on HMS Prince of Wales who got the ship ready to leave not at 30 days’ readiness, which is what they were ranked for, but in eight days.
I would have thought that congratulating the ship’s company would be the right thing to do.
Does the Secretary of State remember that the British Army used to be the biggest trainer of young men and women in the country and that we produced so many skilled people?
When can he take us back to those balmy days?
Since 2014, we have been training 60,000 Ukrainian troops, proving that we know how to get troops trained.
We still train extraordinary numbers.
I think I am right that, on all forms of training more broadly, we are breaking some of those records.
We will ensure that we have armed forces that are fit for the 21st century.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he will make a statement on the UK economy entering recession.
High inflation remains the biggest barrier to growth, which is why halving it is still our top priority.
Thanks to decisive action supported by the Government, inflation has fallen from over 11% to 4%.
The Bank of England is forecasting that it will fall to around 2% by early summer, in only a matter of months, which is much faster than previously thought.
It is important to put all this in context.
Just over a year ago, the Bank of England was forecasting the longest recession in 100 years.
That has not happened, and the British economy has proved resilient in the face of unprecedented shocks.
Forecasters, including the Bank of England and the International Monetary Fund, agree that growth will strengthen over the next few years, with the IMF forecasting that we will grow faster than Japan, Germany, France, Italy and many others, on average, over the next five years.
Wages have been higher than inflation for six months in a row, unemployment remains very low, and we are backing British business by delivering the biggest business tax cut in modern British history and rewarding work by cutting taxes for working people.
These are all reasons to be positive about the economy turning a corner.
If we stick to our plan, we can be confident of seeing pressures reduce for families and of achieving healthy economic growth.
At the autumn statement, we unveiled 110 growth measures, including unlocking £20 billion of business investment.
This includes a substantial labour market package, delivering a tax cut to national insurance for 27 million people, as well as reforming pensions and extending investment zones.
The real risk to economic growth and prosperity in this country is the fact that the Labour party has no plan for growth—no plan at all.
While they may pretend that they have abandoned their £28 billion pledge, they are still committed to their damaging 2030 energy policy, which, as the Leader of the Opposition has said, costs £28 billion.
All of us across this House know what that means: higher taxes and lower growth with Labour.
The Chancellor should be here explaining why Britain has fallen into recession.
Will the Minister explain why he has been left to answer these questions, and where exactly the Chancellor is?
The Chancellor should be accountable to MPs and to our constituents, and answer for his failure in the House.
What an insult to all those people who go to work every day and experience the reality of 14 years of Conservative economic failure that he has simply failed to turn up.
Does the Minister accept that the Prime Minister’s promise to grow the economy is now in tatters?
Will the Minister explain why the economy is now smaller than when the current Prime Minister entered 10 Downing Street?
Does the Minister accept the misery that this Government have caused homeowners with their kamikaze Budget, leaving a typical family renewing their mortgage paying an additional £240 every single month?
The Chief Secretary is also notable for her absence today, and was last seen refusing or simply failing to recognise that their target measure of debt as a share of GDP is rising, not falling.
Following her rebuke this morning from the chair of the UK Statistics Authority about misleading the public, can the Minister inform the House whether the Chief Secretary will again be relying on incompetence as her best defence?
It is not good enough.
The whole country knows that the economy is not working for working people under the Conservatives.
It is time for change.
If the Government seriously think everything is fine, why do they not take their record of failure and let the British people decide?