My hon.
Friend is right to say that AUKUS can and should be a programme that extends beyond the three core nations—the UK, the US, and Australia—but that is very much a matter for pillar 2 arrangements rather than pillar 1, which the House will know is about the nuclear-powered submarine for Australia and the joint procurement.
He will be pleased to hear that, in November, I was in the US signing up to a programme of pillar 2 work, which could ultimately extend to others, including Canada and New Zealand.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the Royal Navy’s capabilities to engage land-based targets.
The Royal Navy has a range of capabilities to support the engagement of land-based targets.
Specific threat planning is considered for every deployment or contingency, and measures are taken to reduce or mitigate those expected threats as dictated by operational priority.
What urgency is attached to the upgrading of HMS Diamond’s defence systems?
My right hon.
Friend asks an excellent question.
I know that there has been a lot of interest, following the deployment in the Red sea, in what the lessons are.
I can confirm that the Sea Viper capability has been at the forefront of this, being the Navy’s weapon of choice in the first shooting down of an aerial threat in more than 30 years.
It is a cutting-edge weapons system, and I can confirm that Sea Viper will be upgraded, to further enhance this capability against the more complex and evolving threats that we face, including the ability to intercept missiles in their terminal phase.
What assessment he has made of trends in levels of employment in the defence manufacturing sector in the next 12 months.
In 2022-23, the Ministry of Defence spent £25 billion with UK industry.
The most recent estimate shows that that supported 209,000 jobs across the country, of which 47,000 were in manufacturing.
My Tewkesbury constituency contains a lot of aerospace manufacturing, particularly for the defence sectors, but those companies have long complained to me that they cannot attract enough young people, particularly to take engineering jobs.
The all-party parliamentary group on aerospace, which I co-chair, has the objective of enticing young people to go into engineering or at least consider it as a career.
Will the Government do anything more to persuade young people to consider taking up the engineering opportunities that are there?
My hon.
Friend asks an excellent question.
It helps that we have lots of school groups and young people in the Gallery today, it being half term.
I can confirm that last year’s defence Command Paper identified skills as a priority, including the shortage of engineering, digital, cyber, STEM, nuclear, and space-based skills.
The defence head of profession for engineering, who also supports the Government science and engineering head of profession, has a defence youth engagement strategy that drives STEM outreach activities and the encouragement of engineering uptake in individuals aged four to 14.
What recent discussions he has had with international partners on future military support for Ukraine.
Everything that I had intended to say in response to the hon.
Gentleman was covered in response to the supplementaries to Question 2.
Why was it not grouped then?
Lord Ismay said of NATO that it existed, among other things, “to keep the Soviet Union out” and “the Americans in”.
The Foreign Secretary was misunderstood on a recent visit to the United States when he proposed that Congress should pass a new military aid package for Ukraine, and he was rebuffed by some Republicans in the House of Representatives.
What can the Defence Secretary do to encourage the US to maintain its commitment to Ukraine and to NATO?
Again, we covered this earlier, but it is an important issue.
The Secretary of State and I, and other Ministers from the MOD and across Government, put our shoulder to the wheel whenever we are in Washington, to impress on the US not only the importance of its continued commitment to Ukrainian security, but that Euro-Atlantic security is integral to US security.
The US cannot simply look towards the Pacific; it needs to remain engaged in the Euro-Atlantic, in its own interests as well as those of NATO allies.
On my last visit to Ukraine a couple of weeks ago, I had several meetings with Ukrainian Ministers, who voiced their frustration and concern about the delay in setting up joint operations with UK defence manufacturers.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure the House that he is doing everything possible to speed the process up to allow the Ukrainians to produce their own kit, with our help, to help win the war?