This recession is a direct result of the choices that this Government have made.
Years of potential growth have been missed, and the Government have failed particularly to capitalise on the green transition.
Green investment will be worth £1 trillion globally by 2030, including half a million jobs in this country.
When will the Government bring forward a green investment programme to match the ones in the US or in Europe?
First, our record on decarbonisation beats anywhere else in the G7, so we do not take lessons from the United States or any other country in that regard.
In relation to the green investment plan by 2030,  the hon.
Lady should direct her ire at those on the Labour Front Bench for not being clear as to what their plan is.
The Leader of the Opposition says—[Interruption.]
Well, it is important because politics is a contest of ideas, as indeed it is a contest between two parties.
If Labour Members believe they can spend an extra £28 billion without that having an impact on taxes and borrowing, they are trying to pull the wool over the eyes of the British people.
The past couple of years have been very difficult economically, and I certainly do not treat the state of our economy as the giggle-fest that Labour Members seem to be having today.
Over the past few weeks, I have met many businesses in my constituency—large and small—and a number have told me that they feel conditions are getting better, demand is growing and orders are coming back.
Constituents have also told me that they have noticed food prices dropping in our supermarkets.
Does the Minister agree that the most damaging thing that could happen to our economy now would be for those on the Labour Benches to continue to talk our economy down?
My right hon.
Friend is correct that things are starting to get better for many people across the country, including small businesses.
We have more than halved inflation, which is now down below 4%; we think that in the coming months it will go to 2%, which is the target.
Of course, once it hits that target, we hope that interest rates will also start coming down, which will make a big difference to ordinary people up and down the country.
I applaud the Minister’s willingness to take on this unenviable assignment, unlike his right hon.
Friends.
The international context that he refers to is that Japan and the UK are the only G7 countries in recession.
Inflation in the UK, which he has referred to, is the highest in the whole G7.
Why is the UK economy doing so much worse than comparable economies elsewhere?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an interesting point, but I would say that our economy entered difficult times at a different point in the cycle from certain other economies.
To fully assess the performance of all economies, we have to wait for the end of this whole period, so I would not prejudge exactly at this stage.
I simply say that the difficulties we are facing have affected every single economy, although the nature of different economies means that they are affected at different times.
We are putting in place comprehensive growth measures and comprehensive measures to bring inflation down.
I also note that UK interest rates are roughly middle-of-the-pack compared with other countries of comparable size.
We will keep all this under review and, at the next fiscal event, will take further measures to increase our potential growth rate over the long term.
Does the Minister welcome the news that the South Yorkshire Mayor has finally recognised the economic importance of Doncaster-Sheffield Airport and is at last starting to use the powers given to him to begin the process of  getting it up and running again?
Does he agree that that has taken far too long—it is years since the airport closed —and that the South Yorkshire Mayor should have used his powers years ago, rather than waiting until nine weeks before he is re-elected?