Lordy, lordy!
It is like listening to the Red Queen in “Alice Through the Looking Glass”, who invented six impossible things before breakfast!
How on earth can we have confidence in what the Minister says when the UK Statistics Authority had to tell off the Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , for making false claims about tax cuts; when Evan Davis had to school her at length
and she refused even to understand how wrong she was about debt falling as a percentage of GDP, when it is going up; and when the Minister himself actually said that the NHS accounts for 42% to 43% of everything the Government spend, when it is only 15%?
Can he confirm one fact: these two years will see the biggest fall in living standards since records began?
That is why people are going to vote the Government out, isn’t it?
I have already explained the Chief Secretary’s comments.
In relation to my own, I was referring to current spending and not overall spending.
I clarified that as well.
Look, there have been difficulties for so many millions of people across the country and, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, I have never sought to minimise that from this position or from any other position in the House.
We have faced once-in-a-hundred-years challenges.
The Government have faced them and taken the right action to deal with them.
The cost of living support package is worth over £100 billion, to the tune of more than £3,700 per person.
We have dealt with those challenges and we have a plan now to grow the economy to grow our way out of them.
I am afraid that Labour Members and the Labour Front Bench do not have that sort of plan, which is why I would not make the assumption that he makes about the election.
The number of those who are on long-term sickness benefits in Blackpool has increased fourfold over the last few decades.
That represents an enormous loss of potential, and it is also hurting economic growth and productivity.
The Government’s proposed reforms in this area are to be welcomed, but rather than delaying them until next year, what is preventing the Government from bringing them in this year?
I will take that point away.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is referring to the next financial year.
At the next fiscal event, the Budget, the Chancellor will bear what he has said in mind.
Fourteen years of Conservative mismanagement of the economy are having disastrous impacts on working people.
For example, musicians are waiting months to be paid because HMRC is failing to process A1 forms  on time for musicians touring in Europe.
The trade body LIVE—Live music, Industry Venues and Entertainment—told me that in one case 26 musicians, performers and sound engineers were not paid for more than three months after their tour to Spain, due to delays in processing A1 forms.
Even worse, in response to written questions, I have been told that service standards for those forms will not be met by HMRC until at least April 2024.
Does the Minister agree that those delays are totally unacceptable, particularly when our musicians are already having to cope with a challenging financial landscape, made worse now by the news of a recession?
I agree that we need to speed up the processing of A1 forms, as the hon.
Lady describes.
I am sure the Treasury heard that point and I will ensure my ministerial colleagues take what she says very seriously indeed.
Whatever spin the Government may put on it, forecasts show that the economy has officially entered a recession.
However, people out there have been suffering grinding economic pressure for years.
Average energy bills are 59% higher than they were in 2022, and more than 600,000 Welsh households are in fuel poverty.
Meanwhile, the profits of energy companies such as British Gas have increased tenfold to £750 million.
This is the Minister’s chance to make a difference to every household.
He has referred to the next fiscal event.
Will he act to extend and backdate the windfall tax on energy companies that are currently profiteering from households everywhere?
The right hon.
Lady is right that many people have had very challenging times over the last couple of years.
Let me correct something that I previously said to the House: the increase in real household incomes since 2010 is actually 8%, while the increase in GDP per capita is 12%.
I wanted to put that on the record.
As for taxes, I cannot speculate about what will happen at the next fiscal event.
According to the forecast, in five years’ time debt will be higher than it is now.
Is this a reasonable time to be talking about tax cuts, and does their doing so not suggest that the Government have learnt nothing from the Budget of September 2022?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that this Chancellor and this Government are very different from those in September 2022 to which he refers.
As for debt, I repeat that we are keeping to our fiscal rule, which is and has always been that debt will be falling in the fifth year of the forecast—falling, once we exclude the Bank of England.
That has always been our position, and it will continue to be the case.