For too long, too many people in the Treasury—not my hon.
Friend, who is an excellent Minister—have thought that the best way to grow the economy is to fill the country with more and more people.
Will the Government recommit to insisting that anyone who comes here to work should earn the average UK earnings of around £33,000 a year?
That means no shortage schemes and no exemption for care workers or the NHS, but that in those sectors we pay proper wages, we get people off benefits—too many people are on them, dragging down our economy—and we seriously cut mass legal migration; and, by the way, if there is a general election, let us give our people something to vote for.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point about migration.
I completely agree that we need higher earnings for British people, not an economy where we import too many people and keep earnings down.
That is why we have been focusing on raising the national living wage and ensuring that ordinary household incomes will go up as a result of this Government’s policies, as I have explained.
It is worth pointing out that certain things happened last year, such as people fleeing Ukraine and Hong Kong, which meant that the immigration numbers were particularly high.
The broad thrust of what my right hon.
Friend said is correct: we want a high-skill, high-wage economy.
I do not know whether the Minister realises quite how infuriating people find watching his Government tell them, “Everything is fine”, “It is all going really well” and “There’s nothing to see here”, when every day they feel poorer and small businesses are closing.
If the Prime Minister and the Chancellor cannot face reality, how on earth can anyone trust them to solve the economic crisis that their Government created?
Let me be clear with the hon.
Lady, whom I have a huge amount of time for as a very good Member of Parliament: it is not our position that everything is okay.
There has been a challenging international context: a once-in-100-years pandemic, and an energy crisis caused by Putin’s war in Ukraine.
This Government have done everything we possibly can to build an economy for growth, and I hope we have her support.
What distinguishes this recession is the 800 jobs that have been created every day since this Government came to power in 2010—the very antithesis of anything ever achieved by a Labour Government, who have always left unemployment higher than they found it—is it not?
It is—and I would add something else: the figures for home repossession were much higher when there was a recession under the Labour Government in 2008-09, in comparison with our record now, and unemployment now is much lower than it was then.
Though we are in challenging times, the economy is turning a corner.
Our record compares very favourably Labour’s.
The Chancellor said last May that he was comfortable with the prospect of a recession.
Now that my constituents in Selby and Ainsty are suffering under that recession’s effects, would the Minister chalk it up as a job well done?
The hon.
Gentleman will do well.
There is nobody on the Government Benches who welcomes adverse economic situations for anybody.
That is why we are doing everything we can—straining every sinew—to grow the economy.
All the measures I have laid out will continue, but they would be put at risk by those on his Front Bench being in office.
Before I came to this House, I was a director of quite a large retail group in North Norfolk.
No one has made the point that in the last quarter of the year the country saw Babet, Ciaran, Debi, Elin, Fergus and Gerrit—six major storms and floods.
How many were there in the previous year?
Absolutely none at all.
Will the Economic Secretary tell everybody that of course the economy will not function properly in the grip of storms and floods every fortnight?
We are not in recession, but the more we talk it up, the more we will be.