Ukraine can win the war, and must win the war.
The Minister touched on the provision of ammunition and equipment, but Ukraine also needs hundreds of thousands of trained personnel.
I very much welcome the extension of Operation Interflex, and the work that we are doing, but could we not be doing far more of that with our allies to assist Ukraine?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point to the importance of the training effort.
That gives me the opportunity to reflect on this week being the 10-year anniversary of the Russian invasion of Crimea, which gave rise to Operation Orbital.
Since then, across Operation Orbital and Operation Interflex, 60,000 Ukrainian troops have been trained.
Continuing to train them, not as individuals but increasingly as formations, is undoubtedly the key to unlocking the real potential of the Ukrainian armed forces.
We have all seen the events that have taken place in the past few days regarding the Russian offensive in Ukraine.
They must act a wake-up call to all of us.
This is our problem, and our fight, with the Ukrainians, to defeat Putin.
We need to make sure that we step up the amount of ammunition and arms that we ship to Ukraine.
We need to do that with our European partners, and we need a plan, not just for the short term but for the long term, so that we defeat Putin.
What talks are the Minister and the Cabinet Secretary having with our European allies to ensure that Ukraine wins this war?
Such conversations happen all the time.
Only last week, the Secretary of State was at the latest donor conference, followed by NATO Defence Ministers.
I was in Norway a week or so earlier, having exactly those conversations with allies.
As the right hon.
Gentleman suggests, while traditional armaments such as artillery ammunition are important, so too, increasingly, are the novel precision weapons systems that the UK is very much at the forefront of supplying to our Ukraine friends.
Is it not time that both sides of the House came together to agree on a common policy of increasing defence expenditure, so that by increasing our support for Ukraine, we can set an example to our American allies, without whose help there can be no future for peace and security in Europe?
My colleagues on the Opposition Front Bench know that I try not to throw gratuitous punches in the House, and I know that they are enthusiasts for military spending, but their colleague the shadow Chancellor has thus far declined to say that she would adopt anything other than the 2% target for NATO spending, which is not the same as what the Government are currently spending, or what they currently intend to increase spending to, so the suggestion made by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  is timely.
It would be fantastic if, in the next hour, the shadow Secretary of State were to make the same commitment as we have.
Let us try now, then.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the last year of the last Labour Government, we were spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, a level that has not been matched in any of the subsequent 14 Tory years.
Like the Defence Secretary, the Leader of the Opposition and I were in Munich at the weekend, and the urgency of the need for more help for Ukraine ran through every discussion.
Everyone was also profoundly moved  by the words of Yulia Navalnaya, speaking even after the news of her husband’s death at Putin’s hands.
This is the brutality that the Ukrainians are fighting, and this is why UK support must not falter.
We strongly back last month’s UK-Ukraine security agreement, which the Defence Secretary has described as “a 100-year alliance”.
Will the Government take the necessary next step and provide an implementation plan for this year and future years, to ensure that Ukraine receives the help that it needs now and for tomorrow?
While I am grateful for the history lesson on what was spent under the last Labour Government, the commitment to match our spending in a future Government was conspicuously absent from the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
However, let me return to the collegiate spirit in which Defence questions are normally conducted.
I absolutely agree that what the Secretary of State set out in his speech about the partnership with Ukraine requires a strategic approach, with very long horizons set for what our co-operation, both industrial and military, could look like.
Long horizons are fine, but Ukraine needs more help now.
I am concerned about the £2.5 billion for Ukraine that was announced last month and described by the Prime Minister as “the biggest single package of defence aid to Ukraine since the war began”.—[Official Report,  15 January 2024 ; Vol. 743, c. 578.]