On  17 February , at the Munich conference, Prime Minister Frederiksen of the Kingdom of Denmark said: “If you ask Ukrainians, they are asking for ammunition now, artillery now.
From the Danish side, we decided to donate our entire artillery.”
Does the Minister not agree that allies should be a little more like Denmark when it comes to recognising the consequences of not meeting Ukraine’s needs?
We are full of admiration for our Danish colleagues, but the reality is that the UK has provided almost its entire heavy artillery capability, in terms of AS-90s.
Those that we have held on to are  those that service the battlegroup in Estonia and the very high readiness armoured battlegroup.
Similarly, we have been generous with our ammunition stocks, while retaining those that we need for our very high readiness forces.
More than that, we have catalysed the production of 155 mm ammunition in the UK, and even further, we have been buying up as much 152 mm and 122 mm ammunition around the world as we possibly can.
The UK’s contribution to the Ukrainian artillery fight is not confined to what we have in our own ammunition stockpiles; it is much, much bigger, and amounts to hundreds of thousands of rounds.
To paraphrase a former Member, the Government’s response has been weighed in the balance and found wanting.
Given the Czech Republic’s profound donations of artillery and shells, on top of the Danish donation, as well as a commitment of over 1 million shells from the EU, I hope the Minister can come to the Dispatch Box and correct the balance.
Can he advise the House on how much of this new investment, which is welcome, is in tactical armaments and artillery?
The overseas ammunition acquisition plan from previous years remains broadly as it was, which amounts to about 300,000 rounds bought on international markets and provided to Ukraine.
The 155 mm manufacture acceleration is subject to a different funding package that the Secretary of State and his Ukrainian counterpart have been working on.
It is important to note that the £200 million additional money from last year to this is focused on the provision of drones, and those tactical drones are proving to be most significant, in terms of their impact in the battle space.
What steps he is taking to increase the size of the Army.
The latest figure for the full-time strength of the Army is 73,520.
The Army is continuing to work towards its “Future Soldier” structure of 73,000 regular and 30,000 reserve personnel.
There are no plans to change this.
The good news is that provisional figures suggest that January had the highest number of Army applications for six years.
Media reports have suggested that white men have been actively discriminated against in recruitment, and that security checks may be relaxed due to promoting ethnic diversity within the Army.
A number of senior military figures have purportedly warned that the pervasiveness of woke ideology being pushed on to the armed forces is a real and present threat to national security, and will give aid and comfort to the King’s enemies.
Will the planned review of diversity policies seek to address those concerns?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks, but I do not recognise the situation that he describes.
We take security extremely seriously and ensure that all personnel have security clearance appropriate to their job.
Checks normally require at least three years’  UK residency, but Commonwealth candidates are permitted to accrue qualifying residency while serving, although they cannot take up roles and ranks that require higher levels of vetting.
This policy has been in place for several years, and it has not changed.
Figures in The Times last month showed that the British Army will shrink to as small as 67,000 by 2026 due to the crisis in recruitment and retention.
As threats to the UK increase, will the Minister finally commit to halting the cuts that he continues to make to the Army?
The Government are sticking to 73,000 regular and 30,000 reserved personnel, as I said earlier.
Those figures are in “Future Soldier”, published in 2021, and they remain unchanged.
What steps his Department is taking to assist in the provision of humanitarian aid to Gaza.
The Ministry of Defence continues to stand ready to support the effort, led by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, to pursue land, air and maritime routes to deliver urgently needed humanitarian aid.
Many of my constituents in Stoke-on-Trent South are extremely concerned about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza and want to see much more aid getting into Gaza.
It is vital for the innocent civilian population there.
Will the Secretary of State update us on what more is being done to ensure additional routes, and particularly a sea route, into Gaza for humanitarian aid to innocent civilians?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I have been to the region on a number of occasions—I have visited Israel and Cyprus twice, as well as visiting Egypt and Saudi Arabia—with the specific intention of trying to resolve the problem that he describes.
We have already delivered 150 tonnes of aid, but the problem is getting that aid into Gaza.
Although we have persuaded the Israelis to open Kerem Shalom, we desperately need Ashdod to be opened, too.
As we have discussed with the Cypriots, we could then create a humanitarian aid route from Cyprus direct to Ashdod and straight into Gaza via Kerem Shalom.
If he will continue to issue online updates on the implementation of accepted recommendations from the “Living in our Shoes” report, published on 30 June 2020.
Families are an integral part of the armed forces community.
Our commitment to them remains strong and is reinforced by the Haythornthwaite review, the defence Command Paper refresh, the families strategy, which was published  in January 2022, and my hon.
Friend’s excellent “Living in our Shoes” framework for delivering more family-sympathetic policies.
The families of armed forces personnel have to put up with more separation, relocation and danger to their loved ones than the families of any other public servants, and they often feel slightly disenfranchised.
They might not know their Member of Parliament, and they might fear to approach them because of the impact it might have on their spouse or partner’s career.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is incredibly important that the public can see the follow-through on the 86 recommendations that the Ministry of Defence accepted in full and on the 20 recommendations that it accepted in part?
My hon.
Friend will be interested to hear that I have a slightly different number.
My number is that 106 of his report’s 110 recommendations have been accepted.
Regardless of the exact figure, I entirely agree on the importance of making sure that armed forces families live in decent accommodation.
When we ask armed forces personnel to fight abroad, they should live in good accommodation when they come home.
My hon.
Friend is familiar with the steering group, which includes families, federations and the authors of his excellent report, and he will be pleased to hear that it meets again on  28 February .
What steps his Department is taking to tackle recruitment challenges in the armed forces.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
In a challenging labour market, we continue to apply an array of measures to support recruitment and retention and to refine the armed forces’ offer.
These include the biggest pay rise in 20 years, flexible service and an improved accommodation offer.
The Haythornthwaite review has a key part to play, and teams have been stood up across the Ministry of Defence to implement all 67 recommendations, working to establish a reward and incentivisation architecture that will attract and retain the skills we need.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer, but the quality of forces accommodation is also an important factor in both recruitment and retention.
Will he consider giving local commanders greater agency in getting small repairs done locally if the national contractors fail to act quickly enough?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Heads of establishment can access an approved funding pot to address minor maintenance works, up to a maximum value of £25,000 per item, which is extremely helpful and gets away from some of the bureaucracy involved with the prime contractors.
Seven experienced personnel are leaving for each five recruited.
Despite the diversity and inclusion policies, some of which are counterproductive in my opinion, and in addition to Capita’s initiatives, last year there was a net loss of 310 servicewomen.
Falling retention rates are overshadowing operational effectiveness.
Can the Minister outline what he is doing on retention?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and ministerial predecessor.
Over the past two years, the Ministry of Defence has put servicewomen at the heart of developing and delivering a range of initiatives, from uniform policies to the provision of accessible sanitary products, mentoring, the introduction of flexible service, wraparound childcare, parental leave, and zero tolerance of unacceptable behaviour.
There will be further measures in response to the Wigston review, the Gray review and my hon.
Friend’s report.
I pay tribute to those who have been driving change, but it is far from job done.
The armed forces, including the 14th Signal Regiment based in Pembrokeshire, continue to provide fabulous career opportunities for young people.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, now more than ever, we need to encourage Army visits to schools, and that the long campaign by nationalists in Wales to stop those visits damages social mobility and aspiration?
I share my right hon.
Friend’s enthusiasm entirely.
The armed forces are a huge engine for social mobility.
In the last year, the Army achieved over 5,000 school engagement visits across the United Kingdom, each at the school’s request.
The British Army is the public’s Army.
It is important it engages with the people it serves, despite the best efforts of some on the left and the nationalists, to whom he refers.
The London Borough of Bexley is home to several excellent cadet and reserve units that teach vital life skills.
Will the Minister update the House on progress on the cadet expansion programme and what work is being undertaken to strengthen the pathways into His Majesty’s armed forces?
I am grateful for the opportunity to do so.
The joint Ministry of Defence and Department for Education cadet expansion programme is progressing extremely well, with over 54,000 cadets in school cadet units.
The cadet expansion programme has focused on growth in the state sector.
Since its introduction in 2012, the number of cadet units in state schools has grown by over 400% to 268 schools.
Some new units have also opened in independent schools, where there has been a 12% increase.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will join me in welcoming that transformation.
Local service personnel routinely cite issues in service accommodation as a barrier to recruitment and retention, so I was disappointed to hear that the Government have  no plans to improve the quality of the nearly 900 single-living accommodation bed spaces in my constituency at Chicksands that currently fall into the lowest grades.
Will the Minister commit to revisiting that decision to ensure we do right by all service personnel serving on the base before it closes?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the importance of service accommodation.
He will be aware of the huge Government investment to improve the quality of both service-family accommodation and single-living accommodation.
Our people deserve the best.
It is public knowledge that they have not had the best for some considerable time, but we are committed to remedying that for his constituents.
Does the Minister not wake up in the morning sometimes and want to check in on reality?
We have had seven Secretaries of State for Defence since 2010 and absolute turmoil in our armed forces.
Why would people join the British Army when this Government have run us down to 72,000 serving personnel?
I campaigned when the number went below 100,000!
The Minister should wake up and invest in the defence of our country in a troubled world.
Those are interesting reflections.
I suggest the hon.
Gentleman has a word with the shadow Ministers on his Front Bench, particularly the shadow Chancellor who, to date, has failed to commit to the level of spending on the defence of this country to which the Government are completely committed.
The rise of so-called “woke” culture has been infecting our society for many years and it should be unsurprising that it is now infecting our military.
Does the Minister think that the rise of “woke” makes it easier or more difficult to recruit the right sort of people into our armed forces?
I completely reject the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
If he is talking about increasing the number of women in our armed forces, Lord Etherton’s review into LGBT personnel in our armed forces historically, or our ambition to make our armed forces more reflective of the society from which they are drawn and that they serve, then I am guilty as charged.