The Secretary of State and the Minister for Defence Procurement have both been heavily engaged in this; indeed, the Minister for Defence Procurement led a delegation to Kyiv to catalyse exactly the idea that my hon.
Friend mentions.
What steps he is taking to reduce armed forces emissions.
The MOD has already started its decarbonisation journey in support of the UK’s net zero commitment.
At the Royal International Air Tattoo last year, I was pleased to sign the defence aviation net zero charter on behalf of the MOD.
Working closely with our industrial partners, we are moving to cleaner and more efficient technology.
The Army is building solar farms, and has invested £14 million in battlefield electrification.
The Royal Navy’s cutting-edge catalytic systems are reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in its patrol vessels by up to 97%.
Finally, the RAF is pioneering the use of sustainable aviation fuel.
It was a pleasure to attend the Global Charge dinner last October, and to see so many members of the armed forces, from all ranks, committed to tackling the climate crisis.
However, the Defence Committee has described the MOD’s current reduction targets as “insufficiently demanding” under the greening government commitments—they are the lowest across all Departments.
Will the Minister ensure that the next round of CC commitments will contain more demanding  targets, not least to reflect the real ambitions and for members of the armed forces on the ground to see the devastation of climate change?
I know the hon.
Lady is very passionate about this issue.
I have just listed the ways in which the individual services are taking steps to reduce their emissions, but we always have to balance that against our overwhelming priority as a Department, which is to support the ability of our armed forces to defend these islands.
What steps his Department is taking to support innovative defence technologies.
Defence is investing over £6.6 billion in advanced research and development.
We are working with UK industry and academia to identify and invest in innovative technologies, ensuring that we have the capabilities we need to defeat our adversaries.
The RAF has traditionally had a very poor record when it closes bases in Lincolnshire—just walking away, leaving them to go to rack and ruin—but at RAF Scampton we had wonderful schemes for innovative defence technologies, such as a spaceport.
Will the Minister now work with the Home Office and me to try to release the bulk of that base so that we can get all these exciting technologies going?
The MOD cannot just wash its hands of the base, now that it has been passed to the Home Office.
We are supposed to have joined-up government.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
As he knows, RAF Scampton is no longer part of the defence estate, which means we do not have formal responsibility for it.
What I would stress to him is that we are investing in innovation in Lincolnshire, including the significant investment into RAF Waddington associated with our Protector capability.
What recent estimate he has made of the lifetime cost of Trident renewal.
The Dreadnought submarine programme remains within overall budget and on track for the first of class, HMS Dreadnought, to enter service in the early 2030s.
Inflation has remained higher than expected for an extended period and has had an adverse impact on the cost forecasts for the programme compared with the forecasts from a year earlier.
As the programme is in its preliminary phases, it is too early to provide cost estimates for the replacement warhead programme.
I think that means the Minister does not know what the total lifetime cost of Trident replacement is going to be.
Budgets in Government Departments and households alike are under immense pressure because  of rampant inflation.
Why do everybody else’s budgets have to be under pressure but there seems to be a blank-cheque approach to the renewal of Trident?
That is an extraordinary thing for the hon.
Gentleman to say.
He knows that we will shortly be publishing, before the end of the financial year, our supplementary estimate for the defence nuclear enterprise for the financial year.
But as he knows, there is a cost in not having a deterrent.
That is his policy: to do away with the deterrent on a unilateral basis, despite all the terrible threats we can see in the world and the nuclear sabre-rattling from Russia.
His policy would be abject folly.
We will invest in providing that ultimate guarantee to the people of the United Kingdom.
I know that the Minister and most of the House, leaving aside those on the Scottish National Benches, will agree that the continuous at-sea deterrent is absolutely central to the defence of the realm—there is no question about that at all.
Does he agree that we must find a way of replacing Trident within budget, and that the worst possible thing that could happen to Trident would be an SNP Government in Scotland?
I agree 100% with my hon.
Friend.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This year I visited the United States—the White House and Capitol Hill—to lobby on behalf of Ukraine, as discussed today; Saudi Arabia and Egypt, given the crisis in the middle east; HMS Diamond, to thank the ship’s crew; and our sovereign base at Akrotiri, to thank the Typhoon pilots.
Cyprus itself was also visited.
Last week I was in Brussels for the NATO meeting and in Munich for the security conference.
The whole House will know that defence never sleeps and will wish to join me in thanking the brave men and women who make that possible.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on progress made at the NATO Defence Ministers meeting, particularly with regard to support for Ukraine?
Alongside the NATO meeting, there was the Ukraine defence contact group—a group of 52 countries, all of which support Ukraine.
The big concern, of course, is ensuring that Ukraine has the things that it needs now and the planning to ensure that it can sustain the fight and push back against the enemy in 2024.
That is why I have announced £200 million  for drones, and why we have a 15-nation coalition  for MPI—the multinational procurement initiative.
At  my request, we have also welcomed Australia to the international fund for Ukraine, with its commitment of 50 million Australian dollars to a fund that is now worth £900 million.