The Minister spoke about resilience, but the fourth quarter contraction in the economy was the biggest quarterly fall since early 2021 at the height of the covid pandemic, so I am not sure he is quite right about resilience.
He also spoke about growth, but the Government told us in November that growth is not forecast to exceed 2% in any year in the forecast period.
How modest the Minister’s ambitions are.
National debt is still approaching 100% of GDP—£3 trillion.
The consequences of Brexit are suppressing growth, and that poses a challenge to the UK Government’s fiscal targets.
Although it is welcome that inflation has fallen, prices remain high.
Prices are not falling; they are simply going up slightly less steeply than they were a month or two ago.
It is obvious that what the economy needs is growth, and the investment to generate that growth, but given that business investment, according to the Government, is forecast down this year by 5.6%, private dwelling investment is forecast down this year by 6%, and flat at 0% next year, and general Government investment is forecast down in ’25, ’26, ’27 and ’28, where will the investment for growth come from?
I deeply respect the right hon.
Gentleman, and I will take his points one by one.
On resilience, the way we get resilience for ordinary people and for households is to ensure that real household incomes increase.
Since 2010, they are up 12%.
We are trying to increase business resilience with our full expensing regime, which is revolutionary in the advanced world.
Full expensing will enable more businesses to invest and will deal with the chronic weakness of the British economy, which is weak investment.
That is why we are doing that.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned growth.
Growth is not as high as we would like, and that is the case across the whole of Europe and the whole of the industrialised world.
That is why the Chancellor in the last fiscal event put in place 110 growth measures.
We have a plan for growth over the long term, and we will deliver it.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned debt.
To repeat the point I made to the shadow Chancellor, debt is falling in the fifth year of the forecast according to our fiscal rule, which excludes the Bank of England.
That is not just the fiscal rule now; it has always been the fiscal rule.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes the fair point that lower inflation does not mean that prices are falling.
Indeed, lower inflation is a lower rate of increase.
We all know that in this House.
That is why bringing down inflation is so important, and the Opposition, with their plan to recklessly jack up borrowing and taxes to the extent of £28 billion, will increase inflation.
I repeat that investment has been a long-term weakness of the British economy.
We are taking long-term measures to deal with it, and I hope that in the next fiscal event—the Budget—we will continue in that vein.
May I thank my hon.
Friend for his distinguished service as a voice of His Majesty’s Government?
I refer him to what the former chief economist of the Bank of England, Andrew Haldane, said today, referring to a “double blow” to the credibility of the Bank of England, which was late to put interest rates up and missed inflation, and has been slow to reduce them, hammering the economy.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Bank of England is no longer showing itself to be competent and that its independence must be questioned?
I do not think that I will quite agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is very important that we leave the Bank of England to do its work and respect its independent mandate, but that, from the Treasury, we do what we can to bring inflation down and support it in that mandate.
As I said, the Labour party’s plans—whether it claims to have dropped them or not—will lead to an increase in borrowing or an increase in taxes, which will significantly damage that aim.
I think the Minister is failing the audition.
Labour will not take lectures from him about borrowing, which was at 67% of GDP when we left office and is now nearly 100%.
He is claiming that somehow growth is happening, but we are actually in a recession, which means that there is no growth; in fact, there is negative growth.
GDP per capita fell in every quarter of last year, meaning that everybody is getting worse off under his appalling stewardship of the economy.
Is it not time that the junior Minister went back to his boss and told him, “It’s all over.
Time’s up.
Call the general election.”?
It is definitely above my pay grade to call elections.
In relation to GDP per capita statistics, which are important—the point of them is to try to get a sense of what is happening to individuals or to individual households and families—I would say—[Interruption.]
Let me—[Interruption.]
I wish the shadow Chancellor would allow me to respond.
Real household incomes, which are as good a measure as any to see what is happening to individuals and families in our economy, are up 12% since 2010.
If we are looking at people at the bottom of the income scale, the rise in the national living wage that comes in in April will mean a rise since 2010 of about 30% in real terms for people on full-time minimum wages.
Those two statistics are examples of what has happened to real people on the ground.