Answer them.
I am coming to that.
The right hon.
Lady started by talking about the Chancellor; as Economic Secretary, I am perfectly entitled to answer on behalf of the Department and I will do so today.
The main thrust of her remarks was on growth; let me deal with that in detail.
The first point to recognise is the international context that we all find ourselves in.
[Interruption.]
It happens to be true.
For example—to describe that international context—10 EU countries were in recession in 2023.
In relation to forecasts, the Office for Budget Responsibility’s original forecast was that there would be a contraction of 1.5% in the economy; we have significantly outperformed that.
As I have said, the Bank of England forecast the longest recession in 100 years; we have significantly outperformed that.
On wages, I think this is the sixth month in a row when wages have been higher than inflation, which, as I have said, we have more than halved.
On the Chief Secretary, what she was explaining is that we were and are meeting our fiscal rule, which is that debt will be falling in the fifth year of the forecast excluding the Bank of England.
That is what she explained, and that is what I am reiterating for the House.
[Interruption.]
Labour Members do not like hearing this, but they have absolutely no plan on the economy.
We have been clear about our plan, and it is starting to bear fruit with wages, with cutting taxes for working people starting in January, with higher business investment as a result of our full expensing in the autumn statement.
The shadow Chancellor does not have to take it from me; the Office for Budget Responsibility said that the two fiscal events in 2023—the Budget and the autumn statement—would represent the largest increase to GDP that it has ever scored.
What I say to her and the House is this: our plan is working; stick with the plan and do not throw it away with the Opposition.
It is good news that unemployment has stayed low by European standards, and the economy is still generating plenty of job vacancies.
Will the Government take more steps to help more people into those jobs, so that we can get faster growth, bring down the benefit bill and boost their incomes?
The whole House knows that my right hon.
Friend is somewhat of an expert on matters relating to the economy.
To answer his point specifically, the national  insurance tax cut was scored at the last fiscal event—the autumn statement—as significantly increasing the number of people in work.
Although I will not speculate on fiscal events, that point has been very much noted by me and the whole Treasury.