The number of veterans claiming welfare benefits is rising steadily, and more than 52,000 are now in receipt of universal credit.
Does the Minister find that a cause for celebration or concern?
I am a veteran, and I talk to veterans all the time, as does my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs.
I do not recognise the picture that the shadow Minister describes.
Since 2011, we have materially improved the lived experience of our veteran community and their families, and we will continue to do so—of that, he can be absolutely sure.
When defence contracts are awarded, a 10% to 20% weighting is given to social value, which is the benefit that the contract would have for the local and wider community.
Does that community benefit apply entirely for the UK, or are overseas companies and their communities considered equally?
That is a very good question.
The distinction is between the Cabinet Office social value rules, which are applied across Government and are irrespective, and the rules that the Ministry of Defence applies to our procurement.
There was discussion of the new medium helicopter  earlier, for example.
When that comes out, as I hope it will soon, we will be clear that we are looking to incentivise a strong commitment to the UK industrial base.
The MOD recently published the findings of the inquiry into the fatal accident involving a Scimitar fighting vehicle on Salisbury plain, in which a young soldier tragically lost his life.
One of my constituents was a witness to the accident, which has inevitably had a profound impact on him.
The Government have said that they do not plan to make a formal response to the inquiry report, which is a harrowing read, but they have accepted all 52 recommendations.
Does the Minister not think that the report requires a full and formal response from the Government, with a detailed action plan for adopting the 52 recommendations, given the seriousness of the incident and the wider implications— Order.
Please, just remember that this is topical questions and I have to get other Members in.
Very simply, I read that report and, as the hon.
Lady has rightly pointed out, accepted all of its findings.
We do not usually take it further, but I will certainly be happy to take a look at the case she has raised.
On the subject of recruitment and retention, on  7 November  the Chief of the General Staff, Patrick Sanders—arguably the best general of his generation—told the Defence Committee: “We are taking 400 soldiers out of the field army to put them alongside recruiters, because—guess what?—it takes a soldier to recruit a soldier.”
Never was a truer word spoken.
So when are we finally going to sack Capita?