The Minister’s rosy picture of the economy shows a complete lack of awareness of what is actually going on in this country.
He claims that the Labour party is somehow a risk to growth, but it is his party that has taken the country into recession.
That shows a complete lack of self-awareness, too.
That is the nub of the matter.
We are in a recession, yet the Chancellor is nowhere to be seen.
I would have thought this was important enough for him to be here to answer questions.
Given that growing the economy is yet another of the Prime Minister’s pledges that has not been met, who does the Minister think should carry the can for this failure: the Prime Minister or the Chancellor?
I will have to take the hon.
Gentleman’s criticism of my self-awareness on the chin, but his broader point is serious.
He is asking whether the Government and I are light-hearted or think that everything in the economy is absolutely fantastic, but it is not.
That is why we have taken the measures that we have.
It is why we cut tax for working people, beginning in January.
It is why we are increasing business investment.
It is why we had a more than £100-billion package of cost of living support, because we know how much many ordinary people in this country are suffering.
And it is why we are trying to grow our economy overall, because that will result in greater prosperity for the country and more money for our public services.
The Labour party puts all that at risk.
The Government are failing.
An 81-year-old constituent told me that he cannot remember the economy and living standards ever being this bad.
Can the Minister not see that, under his Government, Britain is worse off?
I do not agree with the hon.
Lady.
I will not repeat everything I just said to  the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders) , but this Government and this Treasury are sticking to our plan for growth.
That is all put at risk by the Labour party.
The Office for Budget Responsibility assessed Boris Johnson’s trade and co-operation agreement, which sets out the trading relationship between the UK and the EU, at the beginning of last year, and it said that the TCA has reduced long-run productivity by 4%.
Why does the Minister think that is?
We built on the trade and co-operation agreement through the Windsor framework, and the Opposition do not propose to change it.
Indeed, the TCA is fundamental to the stability of our relationship with the European Union, and I do not think the country would benefit from unpicking it once again.