We have 24,000 fewer troops, 4,000 fewer sailors, 200 fewer aircraft and the removal of one in five ships.
The Conservatives have failed our armed forces over the past 14 years, missing their recruitment target every year since taking power in 2010 and hollowing out our military.
Does the Minister honestly believe that he can look the public in the eye and claim that five more years will fix the mess that they have created, or is it time for a fresh start?
Oh, I think the hon.
Gentleman knows what I am going to say in response to his question, and that is to invite him to have a conversation with the shadow Chancellor to see whether she will commit to the same level of spending on defence that this Government are committed to and, indeed, are spending right now.
Will he make a spending commitment here and now in the House of Commons?
If so, I am all ears.
Order.
May I also suggest that it is not for the Government to be asking the questions?
What plans he has for the future of the rotary wing enterprise.
The rotary wing enterprise programme seeks to improve aircraft availability across support solutions for Apache, Chinook, Merlin and Wildcat from within existing budgets.
It will do so by driving synergies between platforms, modernising support solutions and pursuing delivery-focused commercial mechanisms.
Mr Speaker, as you know, Fleetlands in Gosport has been the home of military helicopter maintenance for more than 65 years.
This highly skilled engineering work is really key to levelling up the area, providing much-needed jobs and opportunities.
Does the Minister agree that the MOD’s rotary wing enterprise and new medium helicopter programme would benefit greatly from these generations of expertise and skills right there in Gosport?
I know from my recent visit that my right hon.
Friend is a champion not only for defence in her constituency, but for defence jobs in particular.
She is right about StandardAero Fleetlands, which is a valued actor in the maintenance of our rotary wing platforms.
The rotary wing enterprise is due to enter its detailed design this year.
As part of that, it will consider wider social value, including the extent to which economic prosperity is supported.
But as this is a specific potential procurement, I cannot comment any further.
I also cannot comment on the role of particular companies in the new medium helicopter programme, but we hope to say more on that very soon.