11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to continue to consider S. 4667, to

amend title 31, United States Code, to establish the

Life Sciences Research Security Board, S. 4373, to

provide for congressional approval of national

emergency declarations, S. 4495, to enable safe,

responsible, and agile procurement, development, and

use of artificial intelligence by the Federal

Government, S. 4675, to require the United States

Postal Service to submit a comprehensive proposal to

the Postal Regulatory Commission before implementing

any network changes, S. 4630, to establish an

interagency committee to harmonize regulatory regimes

in the United States relating to cybersecurity, S.

4654, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief

and Emergency Assistance Act to allow Indian tribal

governments to directly request fire management

assistance declarations and grants, S. 4698, to

authorize the Joint Task Forces of the Department of

Homeland Security, S. 4711, to limit the consideration

or security clearance determination, S. 4681, to ensure

a timely, fair, meaningful, and transparent process for

individuals to seek redress because they were wrongly

identified as a threat under the screening and

inspection regimes used by the Department of Homeland

Security, to require a report on the effectiveness of

enhanced screening programs of the Department of

Homeland Security, S. 4043, to amend title 5, United

States Code, to make executive agency telework policies

transparent, to track executive agency use of telework,

S. 4679, to amend title XLI of the FAST Act to improve

the Federal permitting process, S. 4716, to amend

section 7504 of title 31, United States Code, to

improve the single audit requirements, S. 4294, to

direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to negotiate

with the Government of Canada regarding an agreement

for integrated cross border aerial law enforcement

operations, S. 59, to implement merit-based reforms to

the civil service hiring system that replace degree-

based hiring with skills-and competency-based hiring,

S. 4676, to enhance the effectiveness of the Shadow

Wolves Program, S. 4672, to require the Commissioner

for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to assess

current efforts to respond to hazardous weather and

water events at or near United States borders and, to

the extent such efforts may be improved, to develop a

hazardous weather and water events preparedness and

response strategy, S. 4697, to enhance the

cybersecurity of the Healthcare and Public Health

Sector, S. 4715, to require the National Cyber Director

to submit to Congress a plan to establish an institute

within the Federal Government to serve as a centralized

resource and training center for Federal cyber

workforce development, S. 4631, to amend title 41,

United States Code, to prohibit minimum education

requirements for proposed contractor personnel in

certain contract solicitations, S. 4700, to modify the

governmentwide financial management plan, S. 4656, to

amend title 5, United States Code, concerning

restrictions on the participation of certain Federal

employees in partisan political activity, S. 4651, to

require agencies to use information and communications

technology products obtained from original equipment

manufacturers or authorized resellers, S. 4419, to

require the Science and Technology Directorate in the

Department of Homeland Security to develop greater

capacity to detect, identify, and disrupt illicit

substances in very low concentrations, S. 4321, to

amend title 5, United States Code, to prohibit the

payment of annuities and retired pay to individuals

convicted of certain sex crimes, S. 2546, to designate

the facility of the United States Postal Service

located at 100 North Taylor Lane in Patagonia, Arizona,

as the ``Jim Kolbe Memorial Post Office'', S. 3946, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 1106 Main Street in Bastrop, Texas,

as the ``Sergeant Major Billy D. Waugh Post Office'',

S. 4077, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 180 Steuart Street in San

Francisco, California, as the ``Dianne Feinstein Post

Office'', H.R. 5527, to amend section 1078 of the

National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018

to increase the effectiveness of the Technology

Modernization Fund, H.R. 7219, to ensure that Federal

agencies rely on the best reasonably available

scientific, technical, demographic, economic, and

statistical information and evidence to develop, issue

or inform the public of the nature and bases of Federal

agency rules and guidance, H.R. 7524, to amend title

40, United States Code, to require the submission of

reports on certain information technology services

funds to Congress before expenditures may be made, H.R.

3254, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to

establish a process to review applications for certain

grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not

meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary

consensus standards, H.R. 6174, to improve the

biodetection functions of the Department of Homeland

Security, H.R. 272, to amend title 31, United States

Code, to authorize transportation for Government

astronauts returning from space between their residence

and various locations, H.R. 4403, to amend the Homeland

Security Act of 2002 to make improvements to the

Securing the Cities program, H.R. 5887, to amend

chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to improve

Government service delivery, and build related capacity

for the Federal Government, H.R. 7525, to require the

Director of the Office of Management and Budget to

issue guidance to agencies requiring special districts

to be recognized as local government for the purpose of

Federal financial assistance determinations, H.R. 4467,

to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the

Department of Homeland Security to assess contracts for

covered services performed by contractor personnel

along the United States land border with Mexico, H.R.

599, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 3500 West 6th Street, Suite

103 in Los Angeles, California, as the ``Dosan Ahn

Chang Ho Post Office'', H.R. 1060, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

1663 East Date Place in San Bernardino, California, as

the ``Dr. Margaret B. Hill Post Office Building'', H.R.

1098, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 50 East Derry Road in East

Derry, New Hampshire, as the ``Chief Edward B. Garone

Post Office'', H.R. 1555, to designate the facility of

the United States Postal Service located at 2300 Sylvan

Avenue in Modesto, California, as the ``Corporal

Michael D. Anderson Jr. Post Office Building'', H.R.

3608, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 28081 Marguerite Parkway in

Mission Viejo, California, as the ``Major Megan McClung

Post Office Building'', H.R. 3728, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

25 Dorchester Avenue, Room 1, in Boston, Massachusetts,

as the ``Caroline Chang Post Office'', H.R. 5476, to

designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 1077 River Road, Suite 1, in

Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, as the ``Susan C.

Barnhart Post Office'', H.R. 5640, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

12804 Chillicothe Road in Chesterland, Ohio, as the

``Sgt.
Wolfgang Kyle Weninger Post Office Building'',

H.R. 5712, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont Street in

Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post

Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility

of the United States Postal Service located at 517

Seagaze Drive in Oceanside, California, as the

``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office Building'', H.R.

6073, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant

Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office Building'',

H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd Street in

Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy

Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

333 West Broadway in Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr.

William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office Building'', H.R.

7199, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at S74w16860 Janesville Road, in

Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg

Post Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of

the United States Postal Service located at 103

Benedette Street in Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke

Letlow Post Office Building'', and the nominations of

Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin

Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong

Truong, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior

Court of the District of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of

South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North

Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez,

and Joseph Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate

Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.