Wolfgang Kyle Weninger Post Office Building'',

H.R. 5712, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont Street in

Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post

Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility

of the United States Postal Service located at 517

Seagaze Drive in Oceanside, California, as the

``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office Building'', H.R.

6073, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant

Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office Building'',

H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd Street in

Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy

Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

333 West Broadway in Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr.

William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office Building'', H.R.

7199, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at S74w16860 Janesville Road, in

Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg

Post Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of

the United States Postal Service located at 103

Benedette Street in Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke

Letlow Post Office Building'', and the nominations of

Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin

Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong

Truong, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior

Court of the District of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of

South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North

Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez,

and Joseph Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate

Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law

To hold hearings to examine birth behind bars.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine understanding the potential

environmental impacts of the chemical 6PPD.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
AUGUST 1

Time to be announced

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Lauren

McGarity McFerran, of the District of Columbia, and

Joshua L. Ditelberg, of Illinois, both to be a Member

of the National Labor Relations Board, Mark G.

Eskenazi, of Virginia, to be a Member of the

Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, and

other pending calendar business.
S-216

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled,

``Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies

Appropriations Act'', an original bill entitled,

``Department of Defense Appropriations Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Departments of Labor, Health

and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies

Appropriations Act'', and an original bill entitled,

``Financial Services and General Government

Appropriations Act''.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, and the nominations of

Karla M. Campbell, of Tennessee, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Julia M. Lipez, of

Maine, to be United States Circuit Judge for the First

Circuit, Catherine Henry, to be United States District

Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Mary

Kay Lanthier, to be United States District Judge for

the District of Vermont, Mary Kathleen Costello, to be

United States District Judge for the Eastern District

of Pennsylvania, Laura Margarete Provinzino, to be

United States District Judge for the District of

Minnesota, and Noel Wise, to be United States District

Judge for the Northern District of California.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the United States competing

for influence around the globe.