Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 30, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 31

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine long-term economic benefits

and impacts from Federal infrastructure and public

transportation investment.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine the future of electric

vehicles.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider S. 275, to require the

Federal Communications Commission to establish a

vetting process for prospective applicants for high-

cost universal service program funding, S. 690, to

direct the Federal Communications Commission to

evaluate and consider the impact of the

telecommunications network equipment supply chain on

the deployment of universal service, S. 1008, to

require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to

promulgate a consumer product safety standard with

respect to rechargeable lithium-ion batteries used in

micromobility devices, S. 1570, to amend the Bottles

and Breastfeeding Equipment Screening Act to require

hygienic handling of breast milk and baby formula by

security screening personnel of the Transportation

Security Administration and personnel of private

security companies providing security screening, S.

1956, to improve the commercialization of Federal

research by domestic manufacturers, S. 2086, to require

the Secretary of Commerce to establish the Sea Turtle

Rescue Assistance Grant Program, S. 2233, to ban the

sale of products with a high concentration of sodium

nitrite to individuals, S. 2238, to direct the

Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information to develop a National Strategy to Close the

Digital Divide, S. 2498, to prohibit unfair and

deceptive advertising of prices for hotel rooms and

other places of short-term lodging, S. 2645, to reduce

the health risks of heat by establishing the National

Integrated Heat Health Information System within the

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the

National Integrated Heat Health Information System

Interagency Committee to improve extreme heat

preparedness, planning, and response, requiring a

study, and establishing financial assistance programs

to address heat effects, S. 2714, to establish the

National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource, S.

3162, to improve the requirement for the Director of

the National Institute of Standards and Technology to

establish testbeds to support the development and

testing of trustworthy artificial intelligence systems

and to improve interagency coordination in development

of such testbeds, S. 3277, to amend the Marine Debris

Act to reauthorize the Marine Debris Program of the

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, S.

3312, to provide a framework for artificial

intelligence innovation and accountability, S. 3348, to

amend the Harmful Algal Blooms and Hypoxia Research and

Control Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, S.

3475, to amend title 49, United States Code, to allow

the Secretary of Transportation to designate an

authorized operator of the commercial driver's license

information system, S. 3606, to reauthorize the

Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977, S. 3781, to

amend the National Telecommunications and Information

Administration Organization Act to codify the Institute

for Telecommunication Sciences, to direct the Assistant

Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information to establish an initiative to support the

development of emergency communication and tracking

technologies, S. 3788, to reauthorize the National

Landslide Preparedness Act, S. 3849, to promote United

States leadership in technical standards by directing

the National Institute of Standards and Technology and

the Department of State to take certain actions to

encourage and enable United States participation in

developing standards and specifications for artificial

intelligence and other critical and emerging

technologies, S. 3879, to require the Under Secretary

Administrator of National Oceanic and Atmospheric

Administration to develop a standard methodology for

identifying the country of origin of red snapper

imported into the United States, S. 3943, to require a

plan to improve the cybersecurity and

telecommunications of the U.S. Academic Research Fleet,

S. 3959, to require the Transportation Security

Administration to streamline the enrollment processes

for individuals applying for a Transportation Security

Administration security threat assessment for certain

programs, including the Transportation Worker

Identification Credential and Hazardous Materials

Endorsement Threat Assessment programs of the

Administration, S. 4107, to require Amtrak to report to

Congress information on Amtrak compliance with the

Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 with respect to

trains and stations, S. 4178, to establish artificial

intelligence standards, metrics, and evaluation tools,

to support artificial intelligence research,

development, and capacity building activities, to

promote innovation in the artificial intelligence

industry by ensuring companies of all sizes can succeed

and thrive, S. 4212, to amend the Visit America Act to

promote music tourism, S. 4343, to establish and

maintain a coordinated program within the National

Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that improves

wildfire, fire weather, fire risk, and smoke related

forecasting, detection, modeling, observations, and

service delivery, and to address growing needs in the

wildland-urban interface, S. 4394, to support National

Science Foundation education and professional

development relating to artificial intelligence, S.

4487, to require the Secretary of Commerce to develop

artificial intelligence training resources and toolkits

for United States small businesses, S. 4569, to require

covered platforms to remove nonconsensual intimate

visual depictions, S. 4579, to reauthorize the

Northwest Straits Marine Conservation Initiative Act to

promote the protection of the resources of the

Northwest Straits, S. 4596, to require the Secretary of

Commerce to conduct a public awareness and education

campaign to provide information regarding the benefits

of, risks relating to, and the prevalence of artificial

intelligence in the daily lives of individuals in the

United States, an original bill entitled, ``Validation

and Evaluation for Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence

Act'', the nomination of Chad M. Cary, of Alaska, to be

Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric

Administration, Department of Commerce, and routine

lists in the Coast Guard.