Arthur.
Phil liked to say he went from man to man to zone defense in 30 months.
Phil was a born developer--of people and real estate.
As Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Phil managed the day-to-day running.
An astute policy analyst, strategic leader and gifted executive, Phil ensured the rigorous training and intellectual equipping of a generation of conservative leaders as they passed through Heritage's doors.
He claimed many scholars, commentators, and members of Congress as former employees and enjoyed pointing out that so
and so ``had been at Heritage.''
Heritage was never far from his thoughts.
When called for jury duty and asked if he had any connection to law enforcement, he replied that well, actually, (former Attorney General)
Ed Meese reported to him.
He was quickly dismissed.
A frustrated architect and contractor, over the years he initiated and managed the physical transformation of Heritage from a townhouse on Capitol Hill to the block long 250,000 square foot complex in the shadow of the Capitol that it is today.
Along the way he realized he loved the challenges of acquisition and renovation.
During the years when there was no project at Heritage, he put his skills to work in the Washington residential real estate market.
He and Ann moved seven times in 37 years--in contiguous zip codes.
Christmas vacations usually required a passport.
He believed traveling together was the best present he could give his family--his favorite trip was floating down the Nile in perfect weather on Christmas day.
He also traveled the world to attend meetings of the Mont Pelerin Society and for 20 years spent the weekend after New Year's at Sea Island attending The Awakening.
The August congressional recess meant several weeks at High Hampton in the western North Carolina mountains.
After retirement, he and Ann split their time between beautiful Cashiers, NC, and Charleston, SC.
He also took up oil painting, concentrating on landscapes in the mountains and water and marsh scenes from the Low country.
He was an easy man to like, with a ready smile and a kind heart.
His optimism was contagious and he rarely raised his voice.
He was kind, gracious and gentle.
His integrity was unquestioned and his word was his bond.
He was proud of his children for their accomplishments but principally for their character.
While raised a Southern Baptist, he attended Catholic Church with his family every Sunday, believing that a family should worship together.
After the children were grown, he found a home in the Episcopal Church and became a member of the Church of the Good Shepherd in Cashiers.
He attended Grace Church Cathedral in Charleston.
He is survived by his wife, Ann Wrobleski; their children and their spouses Mason (and Hunter), Walker (and Karen), and Sutton (and Ashley); and grandchildren, Halliday and Myers Morris; his sister, Linda (and Ted) and brother, Mason.