Ms. SANCHEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate AltaMed Health Services Corporation on its 55th anniversary.
As the nation's largest system of independent Federally Qualified Health Centers, AltaMed has been delivering quality health care and empowering communities for over half a century.
AltaMed was founded in 1969 as the East LA Barrio Free Clinic, a small volunteer-run clinic funded solely by grants and donations.
Today, AltaMed is California's premier community health network, encompassing more than 60 service delivery sites throughout Los Angeles and Orange Counties, and staffed by a culturally and linguistically competent workforce of more than 5,000 employees.
It provides care to more than 500,000 individuals and their families through two million encounters annually, delivering the full continuum of services including pediatrics, comprehensive primary care, obstetrics and gynecology, dental care, behavioral health, youth services, HIV/AIDS services, and senior services through its operations as the largest Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) in California.
To this day, AltaMed is committed to providing quality care without exception and working to address health disparities in our communities.
In 1982, AltaMed began offering senior services by opening its first Adult Day Health Care Center in East Los Angeles, providing medical and rehabilitative care to older adults.
In 1996, AltaMed made the transition to PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly), a world-class managed-care program that uses a unique team-based approach to provide frail older adults with medical, social, nutritional, and rehabilitation services.
This program makes it possible for those who meet nursing home eligibility requirements to remain at home, enjoying the comfort and reassurance of familiar surroundings while receiving the care they need.
AltaMed currently serves over 3,000 older adults at 12 PACE locations in Los Angeles and Orange County.
With the passing of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, more Americans are insured today than ever before--including the 20 million uninsured Americans who gained access to comprehensive health coverage.
AltaMed led widespread efforts through its service delivery sites to enroll and provide resources to newly eligible individuals, becoming Covered California's top certified enrollment entity for several years in a row, and earning a grant through the state's Navigator Program.
AltaMed's commitment to addressing the social determinants of health that contribute to eighty percent of patient health outcomes and dedication to advancing social justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion is exemplified through its programming and service delivery approach.
In 2017, it launched the AltaMed Institute for Health Equity which works to inform and support the elimination of health disparities that disproportionately affect racial and ethnic minorities through innovation, education, research, and community engagement.
The following year, AltaMed launched a first-of-its-kind effort to make service sites serve as civic engagement hubs for patients and community.
Through this civic engagement campaign, AltaMed supports local voter information, education, and mobilization efforts, provides community workshops on the citizenship process, and facilitates dialogue around public policy and advocacy.
AltaMed was also on the frontlines when the COVID-19 pandemic hit in 2020, and sprang into action.
Early on, it established mobile testing and evaluation sites throughout its communities to ensure patients could continue to access care.
In 2021, leveraging the experience and success of its My Vote.
My Health campaign, AltaMed launched a public health vaccination campaign called eAndale! qQue Esperas?
reaching more than 4.45 million Latinos in the state.
By the end of that ten-month campaign effort, it had helped vaccinate over 130,000 people against COVID-19 leading a coalition of Community Health Centers throughout the state.
This is all to show how AltaMed has led the way to ensure their patients have access to culturally and linguistically concordant care while also addressing health care workforce challenges.
In 2020, it welcomed the first cohort of AltaMed Family Medicine Residents to a new residency program.
Two years later, it launched a licensed vocational nurse to registered nurse pathway program and other training programs, supporting over 160 nurses to advance their careers.
And this year, AltaMed became the first clinic in Southern California to participate in the state's Licensed Physicians from Mexico Pilot Program (LPMPP), welcoming seven physicians who provide culturally and linguistically aligned care to Spanish speaking patients.
On November 8, 2024, AltaMed will commemorate its 55th anniversary.