Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and contributions of Margarita Gonzalez, a Tampa trailblazer and outspoken advocate for our diverse Hispanic community.
Margarita served the City of Tampa for nearly 30 years as the City's first Hispanic community liaison and in other important roles Margarita was a beloved champion for Tampa's Hispanic families and small business owners, and she leaves behind a vibrant legacy that will support Tampenos for decades to come.
Margarita and her family fled Cuba and arrived in Florida on July 4, 1966.
At age 12, she was one of the first Cuban refugee students in the Hillsborough County Schools.
She always knew the importance of education, and despite not knowing any English, she was motivated to work hard, learn English and get involved in school activities.
After graduating from Leto High School, Margarita began working on her bachelor's degree at Hillsborough Community College.
For the next 13 years, Margarita attended college classes while juggling full-time jobs.
She never gave up on her studies because she personally understood the irreplaceable value of an education.
``After losing everything, I realized that a person's biggest asset is their education,'' said Gonzalez.
``Knowledge and skills cannot be taken away from you.''
She worked for the Tampa Port Authority and the U.S. Hispanic Chamber degree in public relations and communications from the University of South Florida.
In 1987, Margarita began working for the City of Tampa and Mayor Sandy Freedman, doing community relations and interpretation work.
Margarita saw a need for Hispanic members of the community to learn about the opportunities and services the city provided.
It was then that Margarita began producing and hosting two Hispanic television shows, Nuestra Tampa and Community Affairs Report.
Throughout her nearly 30 years of service to the City of Tampa, Margarita's responsibilities included community relations, communications, coordinating the Mayor's Hispanic Advisory Council, establishing the city's International Affairs Office, and as a human rights investigator, which is important to support a diverse, respectful and inclusive community for our neighbors, families and businesses.
While serving our City, Margarita established the Mayor's Hispanic Heritage Committee, which is committed to preserving and celebrating Tampa's vibrant Hispanic culture.
Margarita also ensured that part of Hispanic Heritage Committee's work is to provide mentoring and scholarship programs to local students.
Margarita won many awards for her service work, including Hispanic Woman of the Year by Tampa Hispanic Heritage, the 2019 Latina Lideres Award by the Latin Times, the 2023 Hillsborough County Women's Hall of Fame inductee, and the 2021 Tampa Bay Lightning Hero award, among many others.
She was the first Hispanic woman to serve as a member of the Superbowl Task Force in 1991 and chairperson of the Tampa Hillsborough County Youth Council.
Margarita made it her life's work to ensure that students in need were supported.
She was a founding member of the Hispanic Professional Women's Association (HPWA) and Foundation (HPWF) and served on the boards of many other community service organizations.
Through the HPWF and the donation of $50,000 she received as a Tampa Bay Lightning Community Hero Award recipient, Margarita established The Margarita Gonzalez HPWF Latino Endowed Scholarship, her own endowment at USF for local high-achieving, Spanish-speaking students with demonstrated need.
Margarita was able to attend college herself because of scholarships, and she said it was ``a dream come true'' to be able to give back in this way Margarita hoped that supporting future generations would inspire them to support others as well.
Margarita was a truly selfless and charitable leader.
She also was a devoted daughter and loving caretaker to her mother, Angela Elba Gonzalez.
Margarita's legacy will continue to live through her mother, her sister Elba Cruz and husband Hiram and her nephew and godson Michael Cruz, his wife Rebecca and their two daughters.