The House Committee on Foreign Affairs recently released the report on its investigation of during and after the rushed withdrawal, ``Willful Blindness: An Assessment of the Biden-Harris Administration's Withdrawal from Afghanistan and the Chaos that Followed.''
The committee found that the Biden-Harris administration was determined to withdraw from Afghanistan no matter the costs, prioritizing the optics of the withdrawal over the security of U.S. personnel and failing to plan for all contingencies.
The administration's hasty decisions and disregard for U.S. personnel on the ground during the withdrawal led to the deaths of 13 of our military members by a terrorist attack on Aug. 26, 2021, the deadliest day for our military in Afghanistan since 2012.
This catastrophic withdrawal not only resulted in the deaths of our servicemembers, it has also weakened U.S. national security, with Afghanistan once again becoming a haven for terrorists, and has damaged U.S. credibility on the world stage after abandoning our Afghan allies to Taliban revenge killings.
This tragedy was preventable, and the Biden-Harris administration has yet to take accountability for its failures or even meet with the Gold Star families of our fallen soldiers.
Americans will never forget the ultimate sacrifice made in defense of our nation by: Marine Corps Staff Sgt.
Darin T. Hoover, 31, from Salt Lake City, Utah Marine Corps Sgt.
Johanny Rosario Pichardo, 25, from Lawrence, Massachusetts Marine Corps Sgt.
Nicole L. Gee, 23, from Sacramento, California Marine Corps Cpl.
Hunter Lopez, 22, from Indio, California Marine Corps Cpl.
Daegan W. Page, 23, from Omaha, Nebraska Marine Corps Cpl.
Humberto A. Sanchez, 22, from Logansport, Indiana Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
David L. Espinoza, 20, from Rio Bravo, Texas Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Jared M. Schmitz, 20, from St. Charles, Missouri Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Rylee J. McCollum, 20, from Jackson, Wyoming Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Dylan R. Merola, 20, from Rancho Cucamonga, California Marine Corps Lance Cpl.
Kareem M. Nikoui, 20, from Norco, California Navy Hospitalman Maxton W. Soviak, 22, from Berlin Heights, Ohio Army Staff Sgt.
Ryan C. Knauss, 23, from Corryton, Tennessee