9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the Section 106 consultation process under the National Historic Preservation Act.
SD-366 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine Big Tech and silencing Americans part 2.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider S. 2082, to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to modify the definition of ``production facility'' to exclude an equipment or device capable of reprocessing spent nuclear fuel in a manner that does not separate plutonium from other transuranic elements, S. 2235, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program, S. 2741, to establish within the Environmental Protection Agency the Office of Mountains, Deserts, and Plains, S. 3022, to amend the Save Our Seas 2.0 Act to reauthorize certain Environmental Protection Agency programs, S. 2110, to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to prepare a report on reuse and refill systems, S. 2878, to reauthorize funding to monitor, assess, and research the Great Lakes Basin, S. 287, to designate the Federal building located at 225 South Pierre Street in Pierre, South Dakota, as the ``Marcella LeBeau Federal Building,'' and for other purposes, S. 2319, to designate the Federal building located at 300 West Congress Street in Tucson, Arizona, as the ``Raul M. Grijalva Federal Building'', and the nominations of Jeffrey Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Douglas Troutman, of Maryland, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, both of the Environmental Protection Agency, Ho Nieh, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Mitch Graves, and Jeff Hagood, both of Tennessee, Randall Jones, of Alabama, and Arthur Graham, of Florida, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, and 3 General Services Administration resolutions.
SD-562 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Arjun Mody, of New Jersey, to be Deputy Commissioner Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2031, Jeffrey Goettman, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade 
Representative (Africa, Western Hemisphere, Europe, the Middle East, Environment, Labor, and Industrial Competitiveness), with the Rank of Ambassador, Julie Callahan, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, and Thomas Bell, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services.
SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the future of biotech, focusing on maintaining U.S. competitiveness and lifesaving cures to patients.
SD-430 2 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine impacts of government shutdowns and agency reductions in force on Native communities.
SD-628 3 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mindy Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food Safety, Stella Herrell, of New Mexico, to be an Assistant Secretary, and John Walk, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, all of the Department of Agriculture.
SD-106 4 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine putting veterans first, focusing on the current VA disability system.
SD-G50